Good to see you guys again. Are you guys feeling good? Finally, finally we made it. I hope all of you are able to make it. 

Okay, all right, cool, cool. So, while I'm talking to you, I see a lot of comments floating around here. Good to see you guys again. 

And after for a few months, and now all the build-up lead to this moment. At the moment, I would say that, you know, destiny will be changed. Yeah, so this other moment is the time we're able to learn something that can make lasting impact. 

Okay, and thank you all of you guys actually joining this program here. First of all, I never thought that so many of you here actually enrolled to this program. So, I would like to actually taking a few seconds here and to just to express my appreciation. 

Okay, for all of you, I know all of you here come from different parts of the world and yet you made it here today. Some of you here are very early in the morning, some of you in the afternoon, evening, and some of you probably already late at night, right? But you made it here. Thank you for that. 

And in return for that appreciation, I actually got a lot of contents I'm going to share today. Yesterday, even yesterday, I add up more stuff inside. How about that? Okay, do you like more content? Okay, so I compress it and more and more, but not in a way like just for the sake of adding it up, but in a way that we have a sequence to it. 

So, because I understand that all of you here come from different background, different understanding. So, rest assured that you're able to benefit a lot from these two days of this Born for Wealth. And first of all, for some of you here, I should say, keep asking about the telegram link. 

Don't worry, later I'm going to show you again the link. How about that? Okay, so one more time later. So, try not to actually be worried if you don't get the telegram link, because even you access it later of today or tomorrow, you still got all the stuff we posted earlier. 

So, you're not losing out on anything. All right, can you guys are cool right now? Okay, stay relaxed, because one of the most important thing in learning metaphysics is about the ability to stay relaxed. Okay, calm down a little bit.

Okay, you're not losing out. So now, let me tell you first why this Born for Wealth program is created. It's created because I noticed that there are a lot of people that learn a lot of subjects before, be it a Pazer, Feng Shui, Qimen, but in the end, they got a little results. 

How many of you here are actually part of those? Probably you already spent like five years to 10 years, actually, and yeah, but you see limited results and you're wondering what's wrong with that, right? Okay, so and this is the question I asked myself as well, because I've been into this field for quite some time, and I created a lot of results for myself by wondering why some people cannot do it. It's not because you have bad luck, no. Okay, it's not because your lack of intelligence, no, because learning metaphysics is not that hard. 

Okay, furthermore, applying it even easy. But the only thing here I noticed that what made the difference between those who able to benefit compared to those who is not, is only one thing you might listen properly here, is because most people focus on the 80% of the thing and created 20% of the results, compared to some people that focus on the right thing, the 20%, and they get 80% of the results. Yeah, this is why I created this program. 

Okay, so all of you here might have a different, I would say, experience in Pazi or Feng Shui. You have certain connotation or I would say principles how Pazi should work or how Feng Shui should work, but can you help me put all those understandings into one ritual box first? Otherwise, when you interfere with your learning, you cannot benefit from this. Are you guys okay? All right, I want you guys to start fresh here, because the way I use Pazi or Feng Shui is very different. 

I'm not saying I always correct, but a bit radical to some people because they'll say, I would say, why you don't read the depth and emptiness? Why you don't read the clash? They become worried, right? Have you guys met someone that pinpoint all the clashes and all the ungrateful punishment or whatever in the chart? In the end, they cannot do anything. Okay, but when you choose to focus on the important thing, I need you to have this slight courage to exclude everything else and focus on one thing and therefore that one thing create results and that's how destiny is changed. Okay, so I'm going to teach you a lot of these 20% rules. 

What you're going to learn today is the system I use personally myself since 2017 and also this other technique, the exact technique that I help my clients to achieve their results, my VIP clients. Okay, so it's sort of like a comparison of all my learning experiences, failure as well, along the way we make mistakes, we correct it and finally, I'm able to give you this so-called proven solution to all of you here. Okay, now in order to benefit from this program, I want all of you here to get stuff ready. 

Some of you already have a telegram channel, now we'll share with you again one more time. Okay, there you go. So this is the telegram channel. 

I need you guys to scan so you can get access to certain slides that I deem is important, so we'll share with you, the team will share with you certain slides that is important you must have. Okay, and again, don't share this with other people. Yeah, this is for only born for wealth students. 

So these are the telegram. Okay, guys, okay, telegram. And also, I also assume that you know you need to prepare your barter chart, right? Do you actually receive the instructions from the email that we sent out? Your barter chart, your destiny achievement chart? Okay, some of you didn't have it. 

Oh my god. Okay, this is a Luhui Lin. Okay, so now Mike, do you have a barter chart or not? Alright, yeah, I'm sure that Carrie sent to you, right, the link to plot barter chart and all these things. 

Some of you didn't read the email clearly. You see so many yeses here. Okay, so need not to show all the links. 

The link I think is in the email. And let me show you back the qr code. Yeah, even you don't have right now, you know, just follow the qr code first. 

Okay, all right. Okay, some of you say cannot see it. Can you see it now? Type the word yes. 

Okay, good. Now, once you're ready, we are good to start here. So just need to relax and chill. 

And yeah, how do we actually organize this is here is every day we come, we actually follow a roadmap. Remember I told you, and how you're able to actually go through today and tomorrow, they are total of three chapters per day. So today we will go through three chapters.

And tomorrow, you're going to go through the remaining three chapters. So in order for you to actually get to know where you are, your bearing is so let me show you this is the topic I'm going to talk about today for chapter one, you see that chapter number one is about unlocking the the gates of heavenly wealth. Okay, do you like this thing here? So let me show you this is the chapter I'm talking about. 

Alright, so this chapter is the first chapter, why put it in the first chapter, because this is about clarity. I think despite there are so many methods out there so many things you should do. If you don't have clarity, yeah, you're just running everywhere, you're confused, you don't know what's happening, you're uncertain. 

So this chapter here is to help you to unlocking the gates. So you get one important thing, which is clarity. How many of you need clarity in life, in terms of your wealth path, right? What to do? Why can I attract more wealth, right? That is important. 

If you don't know this, you cannot make any decision, right? So we'll focus on that. And in order to actually understand this, so this is the first chapter. Okay, so now, and today we are just to let you know, even though I told you there are three chapters only, but I'll add another chapter in the end. 

It's sort of like a bonus, because there's a special presentation I want to share with you. How about that? Okay, something interesting. I've been eager to share with you, but I chose it today because I want all my students to get this first. 

So you can see today there will be three plus one subjects, all right? So they're what I'm going to deliver at the end of today. Now, so let's start the first chapter. Let me just bring on the slide here. 

Okay, so some of you here, you are new. Every time when we say Chinese metaphysics, if I like to actually give you in a nutshell, in the essence of whatever subject you're learning, be it Bazi, be it Feng Shui or Qi Men, whatever, everything points down to one thing. It's about the study of this energy. 

Okay? So when you learn metaphysics, basically we are learning about how energy works, because under the foundation of every subject inside here, then there will be a force that governs everything. Why things happen like that, why you behave like that, we can be able to explain it through the movement of energy. I think some of you have some bad days and also good days, right? Sometimes you don't know why you're frustrated, because the energy fluctuation and some of you suddenly you got promoted or suddenly you don't have a good vibe with your boss, you're wondering why. 

There could be some changes in terms of energy because we know that in life, nothing is permanent, isn't it? Everything's subjected to change. So our job here is to know it before it happens and so we can maneuver and redirect the energy. Yeah, that's the whole goal here. 

So in order to understand this, because we can see energy, right? It's not like we can wear a glass and see all kinds of energy. So to allow us to understand energy, we actually break it down into five elements. Okay? So guys, can you send this to the telegram first? I think this is very important. 

This is fundamental first. You need to have this, because if you don't have this, there are so many things you can do with the energy. Okay? I'm sure that, okay, let me check the telegram. 

Yes, you already have it. Okay? So now, some of you here, you might be wondering why there are fire, earth, metal, water and wood. Is it because of, is it a real fire? Let's say I lack of fire, I should wear a red color shirt or I should get sunburned or something. 

No. Okay? I want to know all these five elements, which is fire, earth, metal, water and wood. It's just a representation of the energy nature. 

Why we use fire? Why we use earth? Because it's easy to teach. Okay? I can use fire element as 1.11 mc plus mce, or also whatever technical or very scientific name, but people don't understand, right? So might as well we use something that all of us here, we understand, like fire, earth, metal, water and wood. So it's easier, guys. 

Are you guys okay with this? Otherwise, I see a lot of people, oh, my chart here, I got a lot of water. Therefore, I cannot go to swim. I cannot go to beach, right? Because I might get drawn.

Okay. So now, are you guys okay with this? Because a lot of people make money from you, because you believe those people. Like if you have a lot of earth element, you cannot invest in property, right? Otherwise you got bad luck. 

A lot of people ask me this. I also can't invest in property because according to certain such people, that if I invested on property, which represent earth element and yet I have a lot of earth, therefore it's unfavorable, therefore it's bad luck. I always tell them, right? If you're afraid of this, don't worry. 

Every time you buy a property, you just write under my name. I personally, I'm more than happy to do it. You get my point here, right? So people take it to, I don't know what level is that, that it becomes something no longer functional. 

Because metaphysics is to help us to function better. Yeah. Remember the word function, not fear. 

Also 2F, right? You want to be functional or you want to be fearful, guys? It's a choice. Yeah. In the end, this is especially important when you start learning metaphysics. 

Yeah. 2 also F, but which F would you choose? Yeah. That's the thing. 

So now, once you understand this, I want you to know one more part here is each element, they are 2 divided in or further divided into 2 elements, which means let's say you talk about fire, there will be yang fire, there will be yin fire, okay? Yeah, because they're yin and yang. So in total, it's made up of 10 elements. And you will see some of these elements in your part of the chart, isn't it? Right? You see fire, fire is not enough. 

We need to know whether it's yang fire or yin fire because this is due to the concept of duality, light and darkness, right? You cannot have darkness if you haven't seen a light before. You wouldn't know light if you haven't been in darkness, agree? So both of them actually exist complementing each other. And these 10 elements, by studying this, we understand how the world functions, how our destiny evolves due to all this fluctuation of these 5 elements. 

So now, once you know this thing here, I want you to know from these 5 elements, it expands to something like this. Once you know the 5 elements, right? When we look at period 9, it's also nothing more than a 5 element, isn't it? Period 9 is flood element, guys. You know it's fire, right? And period 9 basically describing we are going through the cycle of fire, also one of the 5 elements. 

And also, it tells you from 2024 until 2043, we are governed by fire element. Okay now, have you actually received certain advice by people? Oh, fire element, you should do more things related to fire, wear red colour shirt, you know, or colour your hair in red colour, buy a car painted in red, so many things, right? But it's nothing to do with that. Now, what we want to know here is what is the meaning of this fire energy. 

So therefore, since the fire represents volatility, everything changes a lot, and the starting point or the peak of the period 9 element, because fire destroys everything across their path, right? And anything that actually stand at them, they'll just burn everything down. So therefore, the period 9 is the very volatile period, and the peak or when you see when the real burning happening, it actually happens during this month, October 8 until 6th of November, this is the starting point. And now you know why I actually starting this class is here, right? Because this is the time that there are not a lot, because you see, in metaphysics world, all these are 5 elements engulfed by rules and principles. 

If there's a clash, then there'll be a changes, right? But certain time, they are bugged in the system, this sort of matrix in the system, where you can bend the rules, you know, you can escape destiny for a moment, if you want those moments, the month of October is one of those months. And that's why I decided to do it here. If you look at this, of course, this is not a dog, right? I don't know why, this looks like a fox to me, okay? But basically, it's a fire dog.

This fire dog here, it represents an image of a volcano, all right? So which means, these are the period, a lot of secret reveals, and people are temperamental, people are, there are a lot of emotion issues. Have you seen that a lot coming this month? Because imagine it's a volcano, volcano eruption, a lot of thing they've been thinking right now, or there have been certain buried emotion, and in the month of October, yeah, they cannot control it anymore, they burst out. Some of them, they do something they shouldn't do, they make the wrong decision, they say something they shouldn't say. 

So if you ask me for advice for 202, uh, 5 October, right? Remember one thing, right? So I think that if we chose to keep quiet, and that one will save you a lot of drama. Because a lot of thing here, because we said the wrong thing, right? We made wrong decision. So if you want to change your job, yeah, in the month of October, you want to know whether you're doing it, yeah, for long-term good, or you just want to change the way you feel at this moment. 

Let's say you hate your boss, you're not feeling good, right? By resigning, actually, you can remove the pain, temporarily. But what if you go to another company, is it the same person but different name? You need to report to someone similar, right? So therefore, this is the month. But the good thing here, this month, also a month, where, remember I told you there's a bug, there are less rules, so you can maneuver and you won't get caught, yeah, in this metaphysics universe, or the matrix. 

So therefore, if you're someone being, uh, feel that you are not in a good luck, how many of you, you feel that luck is not with you? You feel that you're wondering whether it's a feng shui is bad, or whether it's your path is bad, how many of you here actually feel that? You don't feel supported, you don't feel that they're the sign from the universe, okay? So we're going to discover that, because maybe it's not about your path, yeah, maybe it's you're not just aligned, yeah, what your destiny is supposed to be. So how do we stay aligned? How do we stay aligned to this, is going through this. We need to ensure that, you know, the heaven, earth, and man, because those five energies will exist in three realms, heaven, earth, and man. 

So certain problems can be addressed by the heaven realm, some of them addressed by the earth, and the man, okay? So when we learn metaphysics, first part, just now we understand about the five elements, that one is knowledge, is concept, but when we want to apply, I'm telling you, 95% of people, they're just studying the concept, and then they just remember those concepts, and then they feel, wow, I know so many things, but there are small group of people, they focus on application, and those are the people that make a lot of changes. So therefore, the three cosmic trinity is when we are ready to apply, then we can choose to apply on the heaven realm, or the earth realm, or the man realm, depends on what kind of problems you have, right? So let's say you say, okay, now just imagine first, I know you don't know what is a heaven realm is, just imagine this as a tree category. So let's say right now, you want to know about in the heaven realm, we most of the time use spazer, because we're talking about time, all right? Talking about alignment with spazer, some of you are interested in function, you're working on the energy on the earth realm, if you are working on relationship, men are between people, we're looking at the shaman realm, which is under the man realm, okay? So depends on which part you want to improve on. 

So in this program here, we're going to look into wealth aspect into three realms, so because each realm governs certain aspect of your wealth. Are you guys clear? So I'm going to choose one, I will do all three together. So let's start, which one you want to start first? Is it the heaven realm, which is the spazer, or the earth realm is the feng shui, or the relationship of this achievement? Okay, since all of you here say spazer, no choice, okay? So I have no choice but to obey to your request. 

But do you know what? I actually chapter one is for spazer, okay? So which means that you have this synchronization with the heaven timing, okay? How about if you like more alignment with the heaven realm, which means you'll be in the right place at the right time and doing the right thing, okay? Cool. So now, why most of you, as you see the chat, right? Most of you selected spazer, and you know why we use spazer first, the heaven timing part, because everything we want here is based on your desire, right? So everyone wants different things. So we need to look back at what the person wants. 

It's not what you think they want. Imagine that you keep buying flowers for your wife, but what your wife wants actually is cash. It's a problem, isn't it? So therefore, we look at spazer first, because all of you here are born with a certain gift. 

And the first thing we're going to talk about here is a lot of people asking is, am I destined to be rich? How many of you here want to know this? Okay, yeah, this is a question. This, in fact, is the question that I ask when I learn spazer, okay? So in order to answer that question, it's not that easy, right? Because when you say when, you are implying that somehow down the road you'll be wealthy. What if you will never be wealthy in this lifetime? Yeah, because when you ask when, it's a loaded question, right? Under an assumption that you'll make a lot of money. 

So therefore, we need to know first, right, which are the part here. Is it about something you're destined? So do you want to know? Okay, let me show you this. This is something you might find interesting, okay? There are two ways to become wealthy. 

One way here is you are born with it, okay? Not born for wealth, but you're born with wealth. So it's fate. Yeah, so fate means what's written in your spazer.

So therefore, I put the word acceptance here. You know why? Because they only give you yes or no, right? If you don't like the answer, you have no choice. You need to accept it, okay? But the other part here, if the answer is no, if you're not in the fate camp, you're under the destiny camp, you see spazer like a playground. 

You can push it, you can activate certain button, you can view it in different way. Therefore, you can do so many action, strategy or effort to help you to become rich, okay? But in the old days, most of us here, we focus on fate. If you don't have a lot of money, they'll say, okay, just accept it. 

Let's try next life, okay? Next life, you come back and ask me again, I've got to tell you, hopefully you'll get a part of the chart, okay? Now, since this is a class, I got to tell you both way as well. Can I actually show you from the fate part first? Are you born with love? You want to know this? That's interesting, right? There are two part here. So I teach you exactly the old days. 

If you ask a master, like in Cantonese, basically translated into English, you say, master, will I be rich eventually? Is it part of my destiny? And in order to do that, you're asking a fake question, right? Let me show you how to do this. All you need to do is get out your part of the chart. Part of the chart, please get it out. 

Okay, I'm going to talk about born with wealth first. Okay, I need to show you this slide first. Yeah, born with wealth, no choice, because just to appreciate the designer effort, yeah, this is about born with wealth. 

So we're talking about fate. All right, you see there's an egg there, right? And then they're born with certain privilege in their life. So now, listen carefully, take out your part of the chart. 

There are only two steps to identify it. So now, first of all, in your part of the chart, you look at the NATO aspect. This is your part. 

I want you to look at here first, the one that circle here. This is your, I would say, your day master. You sit here. 

Okay. So which means this is you. You are here. 

Yeah. If you're walking in a theme park, Disneyland theme park, when you're walking for one hour, you're feeling lost. You always look at the map, right? The map will show you where you are at that point of time.

So in Pazer, also the same, if you are lost, you don't know what's happening, which element you look first? Day. All right, under the day. So you see this is fire, right? Remember I told you there are five elements. 

So you belong to this fire element. And now this element here is represent who you are. Okay. 

So now, once you know this, let me tell you, there are two steps to identify you are rich or not, right? So first step here is you need to look at, let me just clear this. You need to look at this thing. Do you have DW or IW? You check your chart. 

Okay. So for example, if you look IW or DW, I look at the chart. Okay. 

I got one here. I got one here. Okay. 

This person have three. Okay. So basically this person got potential to be wealthier. 

Potential only, right? But it does not say it's fated. Then how do you know it's fated? Is second step here. Once you have either IW or DW, you're qualified for the first step. 

Okay. First step. How many of you here actually have this element in your chart? And you start to smile. 

Okay. You feel happy inside. Okay, cool. 

So now if you happy, let me share with you the second criteria. Second criteria to fulfill this bond with wealth is this. Your self element and wealth element has to be 80%. 

Okay. 80%. So let me show you how to check this. 

So I'm going to share a sample chart with you. Okay. I think you see a sample chart, right? So it's here. 

You look at the top first. Let's say you look at the top. You just scroll down, scroll until this part here. 

You see the wealth here. Okay. The self element is companion.

All right. So the wealth has to be 80% and the companion also has to be 80%. So how many of you got this? And which diagram to refer to? The beige color. 

This is the beige color diagram, not the purple color. Both has to be 80% or above. Now check again. 

How many of you have this? Your wealth is 80% and not all. All right. Your companion also 80% and above.

Okay. If you have it, type yes. If you don't have it, type no. 

Okay. All so, so, so, right? That's why it's not easy. You see here, maybe 1% or 5% have it and it's normal. 

That's why if you look at the whole population, only 5% are super wealthy. Isn't it? All right. So this is the old days when we read. 

If you don't have means what? No chance. Otherwise the solution, learn to accept it. Okay. 

Practice gratitude, meditate. Okay. Accept and be grateful what you have right now. 

You know, all this thing, this prep talk, all this thing here. So that's one part of it. Okay. 

So now both must be 80%. Okay. So therefore that is the first part.

And now I would say 90% of us here, we don't, we don't have this. Okay. So when we don't have this, then it says that we need to look at the destiny part. 

The destiny part is here. The playground. Right. 

So which means that we force it. Okay. Even we don't have the ingredient.

How many of you like to force stuff? You want to force the outcome. You want to make it, want to orchestrated it. That's where fun comes, right? Yeah. 

Because you have challenges, you go through certain things, and then finally you get the reward. Yeah. Imagine you want to, you want to, let's say you're interested with, imagine you're a guy, you're interested with a girl.

And the first time you ask her out, you say, yes, not only am I willing to go out with you, I'm ready to get married with you. Is it fun? No. Right. 

So the destiny part, the playground here is there's a strategy. They are competitor there, you know, fight with you to, to actually get the girl. All right. 

And then they have some objection from your potential mother-in-law and all this drama, and then you work hard, you become wealthy. So therefore this is the destiny part. Destiny means that you actually do a lot of stuff. 

I mean, why we feel happy in our achievement because we work hard. Right. So therefore, if you don't fated to be one, then you want to actually see your partner as a playground. 

So I know most of us here, we see partner is a fate, fated thing, right? How many of you are actually guilty of doing this? Right. I see the chart. Oh my God, that's a clash. 

Then I'll be a bad year. Automatically we think like that, right? If you think it's a playground, say we have fun, right? Let's try another method. Right. 

So let's try another angle of doing this. So sometime by the fact that you change the way you see your partner, your life already changed. I'm sure that a lot of you here, you also have friends that learn partner and you notice some of them, they are really fearful, right? It's like the whole world is collapsing. 

How many of you have friends like this? Not you, of course, not you, right? Otherwise you won't join this program. I'm seeing your friends. Okay. 

You see that a lot, right? Oh, good emptiness. Okay. That's a six pillar. 

That's a clash. Oh my God. Right. 

So therefore they are fearful, but no, no, you're not, right? You're functional. So therefore this, the whole Born for Wealth program, we are talking about the playground. Okay. 

All right. So in later on, I share with you certain techniques, you see, I will say that this element, then how? Nevermind, because there's so many stuff you can play with. Okay. 

All right. Cool. So now the first thing, when we talk about unlocking the heavenly gates is, it's about one thing to get clarity as a big picture, how money come to you.

I know a lot of people teaching this, right? Because a lot of time people are, when you learn from school, they ask you who you want to be occupation engineer or doctor, accountant, whatever it is. Right. So therefore, if you follow that path, maybe you can survive, you'll be able to live it. 

All right. But I rarely read that people will teach about the end of mind or the end goal first. In the end. 

Yeah. How do you make your life easy, enjoyable? Yeah. Where you can do whatever you want. 

You have total freedom. So in order to understand that, Patsa can help you to give you a glimpse of if you were, just imagine if you will become a millionaire, what likely the possibility you become one. Don't you think this is interesting? What are the possibility? Yeah. 

I'm not, I'm not saying what you should study. How the money come to you in the biggest amount. Would you like to know that? So, okay. 

Type the word. Yes. You want to know this. 

Okay, cool. So therefore, this brings us to this subject about the five heavenly wealth path. This is something so important because the whole thing here is not talking about your job.

It's talking about how rich people think. All right. Let me tell you, this is what, this is the reality. 

All right. The poor focus on income. The wealthy person focus on net worth.

Okay. When we learn that, then we focus on income. I'm not saying poor is bad people.

They can be kind. They can be happy people. Right. 

So, but the thing here is, if you want to go to the extra mile, it won't help you to do it because the wealth focus on how do I grow my net worth. So, by the way, do you know how much your net worth is about? Do you know that? Do you calculate? Basically, it's all your assets minus all your liabilities. Right. 

So, in a nutshell, it's something like this. It's not that hard. Okay. 

So now, remember I told you, did I ask you what to do? No. Right. I asked you to learn any skill that helped you to grow your net worth.

And in parts, the net worth located here. All right. So, do you see? This is where they are.

You look at your chart right now. This portion that I highlighted is your net worth information. It's so important. 

Although we keep focusing on all direct wealth or indirect wealth, it's just a tool that increases your net worth. So, in the end, this information here will show you if you were to be super rich, what is the easiest path that aligned your destiny to get it. You might not choose to exercise this. 

It's fine. But it's good to know. Right. 

I think most of you here, you won't be here unless you want to increase your wealth capacity. Isn't it? So, therefore, remember whatever information written on your net worth box. Now, take 10 seconds, look at it, and you will see that, you know, there are three elements. 

Some of you have one, some of you have two, some of you have three. Don't worry. More does not mean you are better.

Okay. It just means that there are more things for you to handle. It's more tiring.

How many of you have one only? Yes. You have one. Okay. 

Cool. One thing, right? Easy. Okay. 

Focus on one thing. Yeah. You have three. 

It's as if like you have three wives to manage. One is more than enough. Now you've got three. 

Okay. So, but it's fine. All right. 

But because why? Because I'm only interested on the center. Okay. Why not the rest? Because I'm looking at 20%, 80 to 20% group. 

Which one make the most impact? Which one is the fastest? It's the center. I don't care whether you have one, two, or three. Look at the center element. 

It could be RW for this case here. And some of you here are DWI, WIR, EGE, 7KDO. It's fine. 

Type in the chat box. This is so important because this is your net worth element. Okay. 

Good. All right. Cool. 

Everyone should have one, right? Just like wife, right? You should have one wife. You should have one husband. So, look at one. 

Now I'm going to share with you the first one first. Okay. The first path to heavenly wealth, one of the path to become super wealthy is by ownership.

Okay. By ownership. So, which means that you become rich by buying and hold something. 

You own it a hundred percent. Okay. Cool. 

So, now I want you to look at your own net worth element. How many of you here belong to DW or IW? Type the word. Yes. 

Either one. You don't have both. Okay. 

Because you only have one. I asked you to choose one, right? Okay. So, which means if you want to know in the far future, your wealth actually, if you want to be, because it's not the job you do. 

It is how you think your mindset is. You say that you become wealthy, your alternate universe, maybe you're a super millionaire and very likely you become super rich because you own something. It could be property. 

Yeah. It could be a system. It could be a digital product.

How about a recurring subscription business where people pay you monthly? You own it. You own the system. Or how about intellectual property? Okay. 

So, which means your assets start compounding in whether you're asleep, you're traveling, you know, and all this thing. So, when you have this, the question to ask is, you know, it's not about how do I make the first $10,000. Now, if you want to become wealthy, the person of this category, they'll ask how, what can I own to generate $10,000 first? Okay. 

Always about what can I own to create this? What can I buy to create this? So, again, I'm not saying that you should quit your job. The freedom doesn't come from quitting a job. A lot of people think as I quit my job, I'm free, right? No, you become more busier if you run your own business. 

Okay. So, it's not about quitting a job. It's about building something that no one can take away from you. 

Because when you own something, you have ownership, do you need to ask permission from anyone? No. You control it. That's why IW and DW is a controlling element here. 

So, therefore, because you're no longer seeking for permission, you own it, you can change anything. So, in parts of element, these two DW and IW, you say that the ability to govern and sustain something, the power to hold something. Okay. 

So, therefore, when you build something, the universe will trusting you with more to build your own. Okay. Now, all the IW or DW, you know where is your path to build your network? It's about buying.

What can I buy? What can I own? You own something, right? For example, like a lot of people always tell me, right? Buy something that people willing to pay to use it. For example, like Warren Buffett, right? You know, and his company, right? It's an embodiment of the long-term ownership. They buy all these equities and location. 

How about Apple company? Apple company also about that they own everything, right? You think they own the phone? No. You think they own just the phone? They own the phone, they own the software, they own the whole ecosystem, like the Apple Watch, iPad, they own the whole value chain. You know, even the business value chain they own, and when they do total ownership, they can do whatever they want. 

They need not to depend on someone. They need not to depend on supplier or whoever it is. So, therefore, the independent. 

So, if you look at all the property module is because they own a lot of assets. How about Tesla? All right, Tesla, they own technology. You think Tesla just selling cars? No. 

They also make money from their battery patents, right? Yeah, their IP intellectual property, and also intellectual, also this technology patents. So, and their manufacturing plants. Yeah, so many things. 

Every time you want to use that patent to create battery, you need to pay Tesla. Okay? So, therefore, I want to remember this ownership of wealth is quiet. Not a lot of people know, but it grows while others still trading time for money. 

Yeah, yeah, that is, you own stuff. You have total control. All right, cool. 

All right, now you understand this. Now, again, I don't want you to think, what should I do now? No. I want you to internalize this in your mindset first. 

Are you guys okay? I know a lot of us here, when we learn, oh, I wasn't much, I don't know. Here is about how you think first. And do you think, or will you agree with me when I say that if you know this piece of information, when you're, during your teenage year, your life will be very different by now, by just this awareness or knowing. 

Okay? All right, cool. And most people talking about what, what to do? Wait, can you check my chart? What is my talent list? Or should I do that? That one low level. Okay. 

You guys here are here. You think ahead. Because you don't, you need to be ready. 

A lot of people, they don't think about this. They say, when I'm making money, only I think about all this thing, right? Too late. When you make money, what you do? You spend. 

Or the next, the next cool car is happening. Sport car. I want to buy a house and everything. 

And then you went to pin yourself. So many things. No, you want to start with end of mind first. 

Now, you know that DW and IW, I want to do this. If you guys have children, let them know as well. Train them to think like that. 

What can I own? What can I buy? If I cannot do something, I own that, or a company, they're able to do it for me. Owning, ownership, ownership. When you actually constantly instill this in your children mind, you're helping them to build an unstoppable future. 

Okay. Cool. All right. 

So now second one, you can look at your children chart as well. The same formula apply. That's why I say born for them, not only for you. 

All right. For your family. So the second one here is this. 

If you have EG or HO in that Macworld palace, on that Macworld palace, your way to build immense wealth come from this word, creation. Okay. All right. 

So when I mentioned creation, yeah, creation, you see it in the old world, people, wealth coming from hard work, right? And all these things, but in digital age, wealth coming from ideas. Okay. Creation as the name imply. 

Right. So which means your wealth coming from your ability to solve problems. Okay. 

And because you can solve the problem, you're creating a new way, a new formula, a new products or new services. That's how you become valuable. And when you're able to solve problems, money, recognition, opportunities will follow naturally. 

So you look back on your own life, a lot of time, the reason opportunities come to you or wealth opportunities to be specific here is because you're able to solve someone's problem. You improve someone's life. That is the answer to your wealth code. 

Okay. Because you, you don't create stuff for applause. You create because the world become better because of you, because you did something, you reinvent something. 

So, which means your creative output become your energetic signature. Yeah. This is the one here. 

So now I want you to know this, right? The, when you produce consistent value, people start to notice you and follow you. So now tell me, who do you know that actually they become wealthy because they think different. Yeah. 

They just see things. They might be weird. Some of you might be weird a bit, but they are genius. 

Okay. So you say Steve Jobs. Yes, he is. 

Even he's a previously the campaign of Apple is, he says things different. Right. He also say that, you know the crazy one will change the world, right? These are the group of people that are not happy with status quo. 

They keep banging the wall, try new things, new boundaries. Sometime they can be a bit rebel. Yeah. 

But they changed the world. They make impact. So like Disney, Pixar, YouTubers, you know, nowadays, YouTubers have to be creative.

The new style that educators, you know, educators right now are part of this creation. If how many of you are teacher or your digital creators that you need to reinvent syllabus content to help people in this era, in the AI era, because old information might not work anymore. How many of you are under that group? All right. 

You let, you allow everyone else to see a new version of themselves or way to becoming better and abolish the old. Yeah. That's what Steve Jobs last time. 

Okay. Things could be different. So therefore, if you are part of this, you, this is your easiest way to become wealthy. 

Okay. How many of you here belong to this? Wow. Okay, cool. 

All right. Yeah. This is the powerful one, especially in period nine.

Yeah. Especially your digital creators, you know, nowadays they make a lot of money. So if you don't know where to start, start as becoming a digital creator first. 

Okay. Next one. If you have DR or IR, type the word me. 

If you have DR or IR. Cool. If you have DR or IR, the keyword for you here is leverage. 

Yeah. Because DR and IR itself is a resource element and resource element in the old days, the moment they see a resource element, they'll say, wow, this person is so lazy. Okay. 

They'll tell you something like that because resources, you're not supposed to do anything. Therefore, the word leverage means that, you know, your, you, you know, that your hours are limited, right? Why you work so hard, right? Why not? We leverage on what people have and then you multiply it. Is it cool to think that way? All right. 

Yeah. It's about leverage. So when, which means leverage means other people time, you leverage on other people, idea, other people, knowledge, other people platform, for example. 

So which means that if you are part of this IR or DR, it's a heaven reminder that you are not meant to do everything alone. Now, if you have DR or IR, how many of you here, you still do things alone. Everything has to depend on myself. 

I work hard. I, now, you see some of you here, right? Yeah. Now, you know, all the major challenges coming from, you're not supposed to. 

All right. The moment you know that there are a lot of things out there, you can tap into, you can leverage. My last time, when I, I actually start my own thing, my own business, I need not to rent my office. 

I just talk to some friends and have an empty office. I just work there, you know? Yeah. So, and it's okay. 

All right. So this is, this is the thing here. And now the, the thing is like this, when, for example, like automation, yeah, nowadays, everything, you need to do it, right? Like AI nowadays have automation.

The shift, you need to shift your mindset from, I do it all, to into, I don't care, as long as it gets done. Okay. Then you are adopting or you're getting nearer to your wealth path. 

So now, for example, like, leverage means that you understand about the timing, about other people. For example, like if someone invite you to a podcast and that this person got like a hundred thousand followers, would you go? Even they don't pay you. They just want to have a conversation with you, a one hour podcast. 

Would you go? Okay. Of course. Why? Because now you are tapping into what? This person followers. 

All right. They've got 100,000 is pretty good. Right? So therefore there's a leverage. 

Okay. So therefore this is the thing you need to remember. The thing here is when you have leverage, you build empires, which in fact, a lot of wealthy people, yeah, that this ability to leverage is very common. 

Okay. So the thing is like this, stop chasing for results, start designing system that make results inevitable. You need to do it alone. 

So now let me, let me share some examples here. All right. You need to think big first.

All right. So think about Uber. Is Uber is a leverage business, right? They don't own cars.

Do Uber own car? No. They're leveraged on drivers and technology of a smartphone or software without owning a car. How about Airbnb? Right. 

They don't eat. They don't even own one single building, but they can actually leverage on homeowners and have a system. And therefore they can do all this hotel related business. 

So there are so many things they can do by not doing them themselves. They don't need to wait until the thing, everything be built. They use existing talent, existing resources. 

Yeah. That is the one. Because remember, if you have IR or DR, these two is lazy stuff. 

Okay. So it's okay to tell yourself you are lazy person because you always figure out a better way of doing something because you need not to get it, you need not to rely on yourself. Right. 

As long as get done is okay. But if you're talking about the earlier one, the ownership, ownership is different. Remember the IW and DW? They has to own it. 

I need to done it myself, but leverage saying no. Okay. I'm fine. 

I got more time to enjoy. And if you, if you realize if your IR and DR, you, you like, you appreciate have quality time to enjoy your life. Right. 

Either IR or DR is the same. Yeah. That's why, that's why you're okay. 

Cool. Now this next one here, let me show you the next one. Okay. 

This is the one, the fourth path to heavenly wealth is branding. If F stands for friend or RW stand for this rock wealth, then this is the one that represent the branding path. Okay, cool. 

So now F or RW, either one will do. So how come have you heard about attention is the new currency? Have you heard about this in period nine? They say attention a new currency, right? Do you agree with that? Yes. Okay. 

All right, cool. So it's not totally correct because attention without trust is not a currency, right? We can do a lot of stupid things, funny things online just to get view and attention, but does not mean you're wealthy. Have you have some friends that got like million views that show you that they have million views on their videos, but yet they're still poorer than you. 

Okay. So when people say branding attention, a new currency, you say that the attention must come with trust. Because in this noisy world of period nine, now wealth does not go to the most talented one.

Or check my pattern chart, which one is my talent? No, it goes to the most trusted one. Okay. And the trust begins when you walk your talk, when your presence become your promise.

Okay. So in business, we call this reputation. That's where your money coming from. 

So make sure you take care of your reputation. When people trust your voice, they trust you before they buy your products. Okay. 

Yeah. They buy, not the products they buy because how you make them feel. Okay. 

So now if you're thinking about brand, right? Brand is about how people feel about you before you start to say anything. That is brand. Okay. 

All right. So this is the one, and some of you keep asking about, can I show the screen again? And some of you miss it. Don't worry.

Later, I give you a slide with all the summary. How about that guys? Because some of you coming a little bit late just now, right? Okay. So later I promise you, I give you everything I said just now in a digestible way. 

How about that? Okay, cool. Don't worry. I know how I've been teaching this so many years. 

I know what you need and I can help you. Okay. Just have some trust here.

Remember branding. Okay. Then, and I will walk my talk later. 

Okay. I want to relax listening. Otherwise you'll forget because you keep thinking about the last slide that I didn't able to copy or something. 

Okay. Don't worry. And anyway, you got to replay. 

I can always watch it. So now this brand here, I would say, if you have this, let me show you some of this example here, because I want to know this. If you're belong to this branding path, you remember this word. 

I'm does not compete with darkness. Yeah. Remember the brightest light does not compete with darkness.

It transform it. Yeah. If you have this, you earn the essence. 

Okay. All right. So for example, like, you know, like Coca-Cola, the sales. 

Okay. All right. So for example, like, you know, like Coca-Cola, the sales emotion, right? Remember how the tagline open happiness. 

How about Nike that turn motivation into billion dollar business by using the word, just do it. It's a brand. How about a persona? You think about like Oprah Winfrey, right? It's a trust. 

It's a brand itself. And that brand alone make a lot of money. Okay. 

So just remember that a strong a brand does not need to speak louder. Just simply stand longer. Stand longer means what you'll be consistent with who you are. 

Okay. Do it. That is the power of branding. 

Okay. So take care of your reputation. So the next one here, I'm going to show you is the the fifth one. 

There you go. If you belong to a D O or seven killing these two here. So which means that either, you know, D O D O or seven K in your network path.

Then this one here say that, you know, it's like this scaling. What do I mean? Scaling is scaling happens when your message, your product, or your service begins to move others because you are no longer a brand. Like just now you creating a movement.

Okay. You turn your customer. A lot of people say this, right? I want to turn my customer.

It's not enough. I want to turn my customer become my client. Yeah. 

Client always better than customer. Right. But now they say no enough. 

You want to turn your client into a fence. And then now these people say, even fence is not enough. It must to be raving fence and scaling means another level. 

Raving fence is not enough. I want them to become my army. What an army do guys, they'll fight for you. 

They defend you. They're going to crush your competitor. Yeah. 

If you're in the entertainment industry, if you are, you're actually like the, one of the Korean group called BTS. Have you heard about this? Yeah. Nowadays they become uncle. 

Nowadays they used to be super young. Yeah. But do you heard about the word army in BTS? They are this group of super fans. 

Now they turn become an army. So when you are scaling something, it's not like you're doing less. Just now the indirect resource and direct resource under leveraged group that they do less, right? Which in fact scaling means you do more. 

You helping others to become better. You have others to do more because you created a system, a framework that empowers people to grow and shine. So which means that your energy multiplies. 

So you are the highest. Now when other rise with you. Yeah. 

So you even rise higher like that. So therefore your impact is timeless. You creating a living legacy. 

Have you heard about living legacy before? Your idea of Sister of Bread continue to evolve without your direct involvement. Have you heard about this? Right. So for example, like McDonald's, it's a system, it's a framework. 

It continue to scale, right? Identical experience globally. That's what McDonald's do, right? Starbucks. Yeah. 

In the heydays, old days, you think they're skilled the coffee? No. They're skilled at what? The culture. Yeah. 

The culture of, you know, having a place where people can sit down, relax and drink coffee. Yeah. They're skilled. 

Have you heard about Tony Robbins? Yeah. Tony Robbins is also the same, right? You think he's a success coach, right? But you know that he replicate his personal transformation through coaches, franchise and all of this? Scaling. Okay. 

They make people better and continue the legacy. Okay. The, just how the leverage is different. 

Leverage just means other people do things for me. I just relax. I collect my money, but scaling, no. 

Scaling that they want to create something timeless long-term. And because when they think like that, they're opening the gate of heaven. Then opportunities keep coming to them.

Okay. All right. So now don't worry. 

So later I'm going to give you this, this, let me, let me bring up. Okay. Do you want this a lot? Easy now? Instead of actually doing a copy each of the slide, this one tells it all already. 

Summary for you. And the team somehow will send to you. Am I right? Yeah.

Okay. Cool. Nice. 

Do you, do you got it already? Yeah, you are now, now, uh, later on, uh, you can listen back to replay. So at least right now, you know, you're heavily buffers before even deciding your career, what to do, because without this, even you make 10,000, you spend the 10,000, you will make 100,000 sooner or later. You, you actually are spending it all. 

Right. So unless we have this, that will go. And again, I'm not saying this easy, but it's a path worth pursuing because out of five path. 

Now, you know, your path, this gives you a lot of advantage, right? So this is the, um, the part here. Cool. Okay. 

So do you like this piece of information? Do you see, think this is useful for you? Okay. Now, cool. So can I bring it to next level or not? Next level, always the next level. 

Remember that I, I say that nowadays in period nine, things move very fast. Yeah. Things move very fast. 

And imagine this, right? If you're in the ownership category, how many of you here in the ownership category? Type the word. Yes. The first one, either a DW or IW. 

Yeah. Is it mean if you are 15 years old right now, just imagine you're 15 years old and you get to know about this, you're going to just do ownership until you're old. Does it make sense at all? You just remember ownership.

Why? Because I wasn't saying ownership. I just own, own, own. In the old days, it would be very useful, but in period nine, the world changed so fast, right? So we need, I want to bring you to another concept called the speed of wealth.

The speed of wealth say that, you know, it went, just now I show who is from the Pata chart. Pata chart is slow. How many of you like things to be faster? Type the word. 

Yes. If you're wanting to be faster, then instead of looking at the NATO chart, you look at the luck pillars. The speed will be average, faster than NATO. 

You know, where's the luck pillar? Luck pillar is here. Let me show you a luck pillar. Let's say this is your chart and your, let's say your, remember, first of all, just now I taught this one, right? You look at RW, it represent branding, right? This is a whole life one, you know. 

But you want something faster, you look at the luck pillar. When I say luck pillar is here, right? So look at the bottom. This is F. What does it say? F is what? Under what? Brand.

So, which means within this 10 years, this person also can do the branding part. Is it useful? Yes. But some people, they're impatient. 

The world moves so fast, especially in period nine. Then what are even faster? Let me show you this. From slow to average, if you want fast, we look at the annual pillar. 

Every year there's a element, right? For example, like this year, what year is this? Snake. Is it a year of snake? Yes. It's a wood snake, right? So we look at that year to guide us what we should do this year. 

Okay. So let me give you some example here, like this. This year is a year of wood snake. 

Okay. Let's say you, how do you able to locate this piece of information? It's through your pattern chart. So if you look at your pattern chart, you just scroll down. 

Let me bring this forward here. Okay. You scroll down here. 

Do you see this? This is 2025, right? So you come to here and you look at this. What is this called? 7K. So for this person, if you want a fast pathway, instead of looking at the natal chart or the luck pillar, I invite you to look at the element of the year. 

So all of you here is different. You look at your own chart, you look at the year, only the top element. This one is different. 

For the year, you look at the top element only. Because at the bottom, it's too slow. Once you do it, it already passed already the whole year. 

Okay. We always look at the top. Top is the fastest result. 

So for this person in 7K, what would you advise him to look into or focus on? 7K belong to which group? Scaling. Right. Okay. 

So let's do another one here. Okay. For this, another chart, I scroll down again.

Okay. Now, if this person come to you and say, Hey, now you learn BOM from Wealth from Iverson, tell me, what are the heavenly path I should focus on this year? What would you do? You look at the year first, because year is the fastest. And then now you look at here, rock wealth. 

Check your notes again. Branding. Okay. 

Do this. I show the old way. Always people just look at the natal chart. 

Only whole life follow this. But in the current world, it's different. Just like me, last time I was a programmer. 

Right now I'm what? I'm a teacher, educator, right? We evolved. So if you have no idea what to do that year, then by looking at the year, don't you think it's more practical and you gain different experience from different part. You'll not just own something.

You learn about branding and all these things here. Okay. First of all, do you understand what I'm talking about? Yeah. 

Using the year, every year will be different. So you know exactly the guide of the heavenly path. Why this is useful? Because period nine things move so fast.

Okay. Now I saw some of you here asking, Hey, I was saying what scaling means. Okay.

I'm not, uh, I'm not someone doing big stuff like, uh, all this, uh, big company, uh, like McDonald's and everything. What can I do? How many of you need some guidance here? You need some guidance? Type the word. Yes. 

Now you know the concept. Now I can give you the guidance. Okay. 

All right. Let me show you this. I told you exactly what to do. 

How about this? Because I know you ask this question. That's why I asked the team to prepare this. So can, uh, guys, can you send this to them as well? So you need not to think. 

I know all of you here are not running a business, right? You say, okay, on my own world, what can I do? So you, if you are a coach right now, you also can give value to your clients, isn't it? All right. Have you got this document in your telegram? Type the word. Yes. 

You got it. So I can continue. Okay. 

I wouldn't read out this for you. All right. This wasting time. 

I already give you more information. This one, you know how to read it yourself. Type the word. 

Yes. If you understand how to use this piece of information. Okay. 

Good. All right. So now complete, right? Happy now. 

Okay. Now more important, more importantly is, have you heard about a word or sentence? People say most people, they know what to do, but they don't do what they know. Have you heard about this? Or maybe you also guilty about this. 

A lot of people give a good speech, a very inspiring speech, right? But when it comes to themselves, they won't do it. So now, you know, the mindset part about the five paths, you know, exactly what to do, what to focus on, on every year. Yeah. 

Right now, basically you can actually plot 2026 and look at what you should focus on. Is it an ownership? Should I look into buying stuff or should I look into branding, or should I look into leverage on other people's talent, other people's time, or should I actually scaling, you know, or build a movement to help others. There are so many things, right? So if you don't know what to do, so how do I scale? Just start, re-give the piece of information.

You can, there as stated what you can do exactly, or you can take up a subject about scaling. How do you scale your life? All right. So nothing can solve, do anything. 

But the only problem here is after listening today, or I would say you're so good, you're so impressive, but after one week, most of us do nothing. Do you agree? Yeah. You can see a future one, you know, you know exactly inside. 

I know what I do with so many people, every day, even myself. Sometime last time, man, I heard a lot of seminar. I feel inspired. 

I jump on top of the chairs, you know, like this. And then I say, Oh, this is the time I want to change. Yeah. 

At that time, my friend said, what's wrong with you? I wasn't. Why you are so pumped up? I say, finally, I find the right sequence I want to change. But fast forward two weeks after, go back to the same person because in the same environment, you know, same mindset, right? So most of us here, we are in that zone, maybe not two weeks, maybe after one month, slowly we drifted back there. 

Okay. So only 5% of the people can walk that talk. So now I'm not addressing the 5% of the people. 

You know why? Because this is not the problem for them. Yeah. This is for the 95% of people who one of their hobby is procrastinate. 

Okay. So do you want to internalize what you learn into something be part of you? So you automatically will think from that mindset. Would you like that? It's sort of like installing a software. 

How do you think? Okay. And this bring us to this subject here. Activate your divine energy. 

All right. And just to let you know, in order to do this, you need your own Qi Men destiny chart. Do you have your Qi Men destiny chart with you? Yes or no? Okay. 

All right. Cool. So now, you know, do that just to tell you when we're talking about mindset change in Qi Men, we look at the stars. 

Okay. These are the stars. So you do not remember this. 

I'm just telling you, these are the stars of Qi Men. And these stars here appearing in your Qi Men destiny chart. Okay. 

It's appearing in your Qi Men destiny chart. And the, let me show you where the stars was. The stars always resides at the bottom, sorry, at the top center. 

So if you look back here, all the top, let me draw is easier. All the top center is the stars. Okay. 

All this is the stars. And now I just highlight for you where here is all the stars here and stars in Qi Men represent your thoughts. And the thing is like this. 

Remember just now we're talking about heavenly wealth activation. Still remember this? There are five, right? So this, is it this five is the job or not? Is it a job? Ownership, creation, leverage, branding, or scaling? Because Hu Lei Kuan asked, right? Can you list out all the jobs under each category? No, because this is not a job. This is the way you think. 

It's a mindset. Okay. I hope you guys will be clear. 

All right. Because we start with the big picture first. Yeah. 

Job, you are still focused on income. You're not focusing on net worth. Yeah. 

This is the way of thinking. So which means your colleague might do the same job as you, but you have different mindset. You become richer than your colleague. 

Even right now, both of you get the same pay. Do you feel me guys? It's what you do after you get your salary. It's not which job you pick. 

All right. Even maybe you and your colleague also accountant, but maybe one of you are ownership mentality. Another one is a creation mentality.

Both of you go to different destiny. Even you come from same school, get the same job, get the same salary. All right, cool. 

Now, now we're talking about mindset. So we talk about activation using Shiman. So each of this got different stars. 

Okay, guys, can you send this to them? So you have your ownership. Remember it's an ambassador. If your creation is an assistant, leverage is a grass. 

Branding is hero and scaling is hard. You just need to know which one you need not to memorize because I'm going to send this to you. Okay. 

So I'm sure you already got this. So once you've got this, now the fun, the exciting part begin. If you look back at your Shiman chart, you see this, right? Okay. 

So you see this star here. This is your star. So if your ownership, if your ownership, you look at what star? Ambassador.

This one is a sample chart, right? Your achievement. So if you want to install leverage mindset, you look at the grass, you look at the scaling is here and branding is here and creation is here. So now if, let's say if your ownership, how many of you belong to the ownership? You look for ambassador. 

So ambassador, there's one direction here, right? Say Northwest. So to install this mindset, you back to the Northwest direction and do manifestation. Okay. 

Let's say you're part of branding. Let's say you're under branding group or you, let's say this here is about branding. Then you need to do one thing here is you need to actually look for hero.

And then what you need to do, you look at the direction here is East, right? You back to the East. How many of you understand this? Let's say this year you're scaling. You look for the heart. 

Heart here is Southwest, right? So therefore you back to the Southwest. What to do after you back to the Southwest, I will tell you later, but do you guys understand how to apply this or not to install the mindset? Yes. We are referring to the natal chart, your own destiny chart. 

Okay. All right. Good. 

So once you actually back to that direction, you can do this every, anytime because this is your destiny chart. It's a lifetime chart. You do it whenever you like. 

For example, let's say this year, let's count of you here this year, 2025, your heavenly path is branding for 2025. Type the word me if 2025 is okay. So what you need to do, look at your achievement chart, look for where the hero star is. 

Do you find it? If you'll find it, right, then that because hero is equivalent to a hero, right? So look for the hero star and look at where your hero star resides. Type in the chat box for those who are branding, right? So therefore some of you are South and North, right? Back to that direction. So now back to that direction means you sit down back to that direction and then you close your eyes and think about branding. 

I think about, uh, about branding. How do you actually going to use the brand? So now let me show you how it works first. It's like this. 

If I ask you to back to the South, this is roughly how it looks like. Okay, cool. So now how many of you here need help on what to say? Type the word me if you need help on what to say. 

Okay. Now I know my direction. I back to it. 

Okay. How many of you here are ownership? Let me show you. Okay. 

This is ownership activation code. Okay. If you look at here, I own my choices. 

Remember it's about ownership, my time and my wealth. What I claim, I grow. What I own, I keep.

Ownership is my power and truth. Do you like this or not? Okay. Yeah. 

So this one, I purposely created only for those who under ownership category. It's not fair, right? Nah, just joking. I created for all of you. 

See creation, leverage, branding, and scaling. Okay. You can use it any year. 

It just happened this year is your branding, right? It doesn't mean next year you are something you same brand. Maybe you are leverage next year and all those things. And guys, can you send all these five for them? Okay. 

I think right now you should able to receive all the five already. Okay. Cool. 

So why you need this? You back to the direction you want to reinforce your mindset to think like that. Either true ownership, either true leverage, true branding, and leverage also many things here. Okay. 

Cool. Check your telegram right now. This is how you use Shiman to do this. 

I do this every year. I do this every year because every year I change stuff to do. So therefore I focus on certain part. 

So later on, you look at 2026, right? What is 2026 means to you? Then you do accordingly. And then while doing it, you back to that direction I told you just now, and then you read out the mantra I share and you complete it. So Yin and Yang. 

You know something, now you internalize the energy and you think different. When you think different, you make a different decision and different decision lead to different path. That's how your destiny being changed. 

Okay. All right. So you read it out. 

You can do it anytime, any day, because you're backing to your own destiny chart. All right. Your, your destiny chart is your, uh, is forever. 

So let's say some people say, I will say, I don't want to do the fastest way. Can I use this to do on the slowest way based on your, uh, natal chart? No problem. It's just slow, but in period nine, you might not be as competitive.

If you choose your natal chart, which is very slow. I recommend you either you do the lock pillar element or the annual one. You guys understand someone say using destiny palace.

No, not your own destiny palace. Come on. You look at where the star located your chip, your achievement chart got so many element, right? So this is Jill Leung. 

Jill Leung, tell me what category you belong to this year. Jill Leung. I want to help you right now. 

Type yes. If you hear me, Jill Leung. Okay. 

I saw your yes. Now tell me which category you are in. Is it ownership, leverage, branding or what? Jill, type out here so I can help you. 

Come on, Jill Leung. Need to be faster. You know, now it's period nine. 

You type also must type fast. Okay. Okay. 

Okay. You say you cannot get the five. You just look at the year, right? The year it says 7K, you apply 7K. 

All right. Okay. So my suggestion to you, Jill Leung, watch the replay.

Okay. How about the rest? Easy. Okay. 

For the year, we look at the top. Yeah. The only difference. 

So let me show you for the year, right? So for the years, we look at the top. This is 2025, right? Right at the top. So it's 7K. 

Why we don't look at the bottom? Say I was not fair. I got something. I went to bottom because bottom is low. 

But one year passed within a blink of eye, right? If you do at the bottom, before you're able to see result, the whole year already passed. Make sense? So we only look at the top. For luck pillar, you still can look at the bottom because luck pillar is 10 years. 

Do you understand? Guys, make sense or not? Luck pillar is 10 years, you know. You don't like the top, you like the bottom. So only the annual will look at the top. 

This one. Okay. I put the word five stars here so you remember more. 

Now you know. Yeah, this is a mistake a lot of people make. Because in a year, it passed so fast. 

If you use the bottom, it takes longer time so the energy already passed. In period 8, you still can do it. You can look at the bottom because period 8 is a keng gua. 

Keng gua is earth is low. But period 9, I'm telling you fire spread like lightning speed. So if you use the bottom, I'm not saying you're not able to reap benefits. 

But if you compare with your competitor using the top element, this person will beat you any time of the week. That's it. Okay. 

Do you guys understand? Okay. Mary asked, now it's still October, right? Does it make sense to look at the element for 2025? I assume you're asking for 2026, right? Why not? Right now, we have a few months. Learn it first for what required for 2025. 

And then 2026, you follow what is 2026. Because now we are still have three months to go. Learn the lesson first. 

Because you need to learn this to become better on 2026. So now, guys, are you clear for this chapter number one? Yeah, this is the most important chapter because it's who you are. Now you know what to do and also know how to reprogram your mindset. 

That is what I want you guys to understand in chapter number one. Cool? All right. Yeah. 

So once we do this, then now we're going to take a break around 15 minutes time and then come back to go to chapter number two. Okay. Super interesting. 

Okay. I see you in 15 minutes time. Okay. 

So while during the break, I actually noticed some of you still asking for the telegram link. Now, just for five seconds, scan this code and it will lead you to the telegram channel. Yeah, this is not my telegram channel. 

This is Born For Wealth telegram channel. So this is the one. Okay. 

All right. Good. So now I want to go through some Q&A and I want to start with just go through one time the process here. 

So I want you to know how to use it. Okay. So now how do we actually installing the mindset like what I shared just now. 

So I'm going to walk through with you. So first of all, this is a sample pattern chart. So now we need to know which is the wealth path. 

Okay. So the wealth path is you can look from the natal chart, which is here. Okay. 

Or you can actually look at the love pillar, which is here, still the bottom. Yeah. But if you want the fastest one, then I would say that you're going to look at the year itself. 

Okay. So there you go. 2025. 

So for the year is a bit different. Remember, instead of at the bottom, we look at the top, isn't it? So the top is here. So this one is IR. 

So for 2025, you should focus more in IR to align with the heavenly gate. So what you need to do here is remember just now I show you the five path to wealth IR related to what? Leverage, right? Okay. Leverage is the one. 

So now you know leverage already, and you know what to do. I show you exactly what you should take if a leverage, but let's say right now, say I was, I want to install the mindset. I'm going to use Shiman. 

That is an option, right? You need not to do that, but you say, I wasn't, I want to think like a leverage. Then you need a Shiman chart. So just now, I also show you a chart. 

IR are related to which stars in Shiman. Grass, right? Still remember it's a grass. Yeah. 

You can look at the telegram channel. It's a grass. Okay. 

So now I bring up a sample Shiman chart right now. There you go. Now IR just now for two to five is the grass. 

So now all the stars, the tops are center, right? So you look all the, and we discover the grass. This is the grass. Notice the green. 

So where is the grass? The grass is here. Do you guys see it? The grass. Okay. 

So therefore IR related to grass, right? So now where is the grass located? West. So what you need to do, you sit down, I'm back in drawing. Okay. 

So at the backing to the, this is the IR. Okay. So backing to the west and then close your eyes and then read out the mantra for what? For this leverage.

Do you guys understand? Okay. Let's say, yeah, I understand now. Very good. 

So this is, this is the process of it. So someone say, what about other element in the chart? No, it's none of your concern. Okay. 

Remember we thought about 20%. You want to read everything is like you are watching a drama of 1000 episodes. Have you watched a drama that actually stretched to 1000 episodes? Yes. 

I think Taiwanese drama last time is like that. Okay. Maybe some of you watch that started from someone like a young kid until they become a father and then become a grandfather. 

And then the next episode become the grandkids grow up, you know, it's like a three generation. So that one is a storytelling. Yeah. 

This program is not about storytelling. Yeah. This program is about getting results. 

So we focus on what matters. Are you guys clear? All right. Now let's start by some Q&A. 

If your question you're going to ask now only related questions. When I say question has to be something I taught before. Yeah. 

So any other than that, it's not fair to others. Yeah. This is not a session for you to ask for your own personal chart or my chart got this element. 

I got clash. What it means? No. That one you need to get a personal consultation. 

Okay. Because it's not fair to the others. I want you to ask a question related to what I taught.

So it will benefit everyone. Are you guys clear with me on this? Okay. Let's see some question here. 

The mapping between stars and wealth path only valid for 2025 or rarely in general. It'll be perpetual any year. Okay. 

10 years from now is still relevant. 20 years from now also relevant. Because not soon after now is 2026, right? So you scroll back to the chart. 

You look at 2026 and then that is the element. Okay. So which means you can do this forever. 

Literally. And can you actually do the same analysis for your children? Yes. And if you are a coach, you can do this. 

Not only for this year. Yeah. I won't do that. 

All right. Because I'm teaching you is something I don't give you the fish. Basically, I teach you how to fish. 

So this information or this formula is evergreen information. Okay. Guys understand? I just give an example for 2025 because we are in 2025. 

So it's more relatable for now. Okay. If I teach this class in 2026, I'll use 2026 chart. 

Okay. Cool. So Kelvin Lim asks, can I use it the same method for month? No, it's not for a month formula. 

This one is for the year. Month normally the purpose of the month normally is about date selection, about when to do something or the timing part, but the direction on what to do should be from the year itself. Okay. 

This is to answer one of the questions just now, right? Kelvin Lim question. I remember just now I say I chose to do Born for Wealth in the month of dog, but I already decided the program for this year. I just don't know which month to teach.

So therefore I use the month element to decide among Jan to December, which is the best month to teach Born for Wealth. Okay. All right. 

Karen Bonora said, do we have to think about 2026 as we close? No, not yet. Yeah. Even Christmas also haven't happened. 

I'll focus on what we need to do now first. So Karen, 2026, leave it to 2026. No, no problem. 

Learn the lesson right now first, because whatever you learn for this year, we'll be helping you when 2026 coming. Because all energy come in a flow, right? We don't disrupt the flow. You can know about 2026, but you still can do two, five things. 

Okay. You're welcome, Karen. Okay. 

Faisal asked the three combination. I chose not to answer right now because I didn't talk about combination. And yeah, I think you need to know, I need to be strict on this.

If I entertain your question, I'm sure that I open another can of worms and then all different sorts of questions flying over. No. Okay. 

I need to resist this politely. I would say reject this for this moment until that content comes up later. Okay, good. 

So, and so now this is Ting based on the annual parts of chart 225 is an IW. So should I focus on ambassador star just to double confirm I should go back to the direction based on the natal achievement chart? Yes, it is. So in your achievement chart, look for the ambassador star and let's say the ambassador star is, let's say in Northwest, for example, back to the Northwest and then look for the ownership mantra, read it out loud. 

Okay. Ting Yi, I hope that answer your question. Okay, cool. 

All right, good. So I think, okay, Karen Bonara say this year is HO and this year in order to own something for, okay, I get your question here. You say that this is HO.

So this year focus on branding and next year is ownership. So this year focus on brand first. You are building your trust, your reputation, and then next year, yeah, find what you can own.

Okay. Easy is you really added this because maybe true brand, you make some money and from the brand itself, you know more people than they can recommend certain great deal for you to buy on next year. So if you don't do the branding right now, you don't know the right people that next year, I'm not saying it's not possible, but you need to work harder.

Okay. All right, cool. So now let's continue chapter two. 

Metaphysics is fun, isn't it? There's so many things to learn. Yeah. Even for 1000, I can even create another 1000 courses.

Do you know that, right? There's never an end to learning. Yeah. It's because I also keep learning every single day, right? So I keep actually teaching new courses. 

You guys want to learn more courses from me? Type the word yes, if you want to. And even if you don't want to just type yes. Okay. 

Yeah. Just make me happy. Okay, cool. 

Because I like to share. Okay. Now let's look at chapter number two now. 

Okay. Let's see this. Okay. 

Just now on chapter number one, we're talking about unlocking the gates with heavenly wealth. Yeah. It's about clarity, where your wealth coming from and how to install the mindset and all this. 

Okay. Cool. So now the next chapter I'm going to talk about here is seven-figure creation. 

So which is this? Chapter two is about the seven-figure wealth creation blueprint. Because just now we know the overall, the big picture. Now we zoom in into what to do. 

And there are two parts of this. Seven-figure wealth creation blueprint, the first part, we're talking about the heaven council. So which means that this is the part where we, we need to know what to do exactly. 

So basically this chapter here is very easy. This chapter number two is you need not to do anything. Okay. 

Remember chapter number one, I just started with exercise, right? To link this to that, because chapter number two is about heaven council. So which means that you read the chart, you say what to do, you just do it. How about that? So section number two can relax a little bit, not much exercises, but more on listening, what the heaven message is for you. 

Everyone cool? Okay. So in order to proceed this, in learning metaphysics is about understanding the concept of duality. Okay. 

What I mean by that is, have you actually encountered this symbol before? Of course, not the 3d form, like this slide here, but I think you see this side, the Tai Chi symbol. Okay. This symbol is actually governs everything in the universe is you can look at it from the wisdom perspective. 

You can look at it from enlightenment guidance. So basically everything happening can be answered or if follow the principles of yin and yang. So like I mentioned earlier on, yeah. 

If you don't know what is happiness, you wouldn't know how sad feels like and vice versa. Right? So everything always, there's an opposite side of it. There are every beginning, there'll be an end. 

And then this is, for example, like also basically telling you that this world, nothing is permanent. Things keep changing, changing all the time. For example, like how many of you here think you're super handsome right now? Type the word. 

Yes. If you think you are super handsome. Okay. 

Very good. Okay. So nice. 

Thanks for being honest. Okay. Okay. 

Ricky Ram or so we have two most handsome guy yet. Okay. Edmund and Ricky Ram. 

Okay. So now no matter how handsome you are right now, yeah. Eventually it will go away.

Yes. Right. Yeah. 

I don't care how, maybe some will say, Oh, I got six pack. I got a nice body. Yes. 

It will go away. All right. Some, some, uh, but the good thing is also like that, whatever problems you're having right now, no matter how hard it is, it will pass. 

Isn't it? So that's why the Tai Chi symbol is a circle, a circular motion. And you know, it's like two fishes swimming around. So which means that the world keep changing and the more you resist, the more pain you have. 

So part of doing metaphysics is to understand the respect that is a cycle. Remember just now on chapter number one, I'm telling you which year you should focus on, uh, which part I remember the five parts. Why I shared that part with you, because it's about timing. 

Now this timing is derived from the heaven, which is the puzzle. I can decode the heaven code. So therefore from there, be able to actually give you the answer. 

Make sense. So, but you say, I will say, what if I don't follow that? Nothing happened. You just don't reap the best benefit because you're not aligning to the heaven flow. 

Does that make you a bad person? No. Yeah. But it's just that you don't get the most out of what is supposed to given to you.

Okay. So now when we look at this again, this Tai Chi symbol here, I also want you to know from wealth perspective, one way to look at it here is this. If you want to become, you make more money, you must know two things. 

All right. Know yourself and also know what the market wants. Make sense or not? All right. 

Know yourself. So you know what to give. And when you know what the market wants, you know how to actually design your gift in a way that suits their needs. 

Make sense or not? All right. So therefore, when we learn from wisdom perspective, basically it's know yourself what you are doing and find out what people want and then create something for them. That's how you make money. 

Make sense? So this chapter here primarily revolves around these two yin and yang interaction. So in order to do this, first thing here is I want you to know that talent is overrated. What do I mean by this is if you learn Ba Ze, the first thing people interested in is what? It's about the 10 profiles. 

They want to know what is their talent is. Have you actually met a lot of people like this? Because in their mind, if I know my talent, then I'll be super successful. Agree? No one tell them like this.

They're made up like this. They keep thinking talent is everything. And how I used to think that way as well until I went to London. 

This one is back in 2018 or 19. I think 2018. And in the subway, you know, I see a lot of talented musicians. 

They sing way better than all the popular singers out there. They're so effortless. Their sound is so magical.

And some of them, I just stand there for like 5 minutes listening to their voice. It's like voice of an angel. It's mesmerizing. 

Everything is so perfect. Only one thing, they're struggling. So that tells me, hey, a lot of people in Ba Ze, they're looking for talent a lot. 

They're focused on that. But talent does not make them rich. So therefore, that changed my perspective. 

Because those musicians there, they are great people. They're kind. They're friendly.

When we talk about from wealth perspective, maybe they're not doing so well on that department. Because I talked to some of them as well at that time. And suddenly, I changed the way I read Ba Ze. 

Nowadays, a lot of parents keep asking me, hey, what is my child talent? I don't know. I will still tell them. But after that, I'll tell them that one is not that important. 

But not everyone can accept the fact. Because we are so ingrained with this tradition, finding what my child is talented in. And then we groom them. 

And then they become successful. Not so easy. You're just telling me like, if I work hard, I'll be successful. 

It's not. Because the reality doesn't reflect that way. So let's say you discover that. 

Let's say someone tell you that according to your Ba Ze chart, your talent lies in marketing. And they say, very good. I go to work in a company, the best agency in the world. 

And then I want to work in the marketing department. Now, let me ask you, if you're able to work there and your talent, according to your Ba Ze chart, is marketing, will you make a lot of money or not? I want you to think a little bit. Will you make a lot of money? Your talent, you know? You're saying no, right? Yeah, of course.

Yeah. Because you see like this, right? In a company, there's not only you. You got colleagues.

Yeah. If they're doing better than you, you're out. Agree or not? You don't have a chance to get, not don't say just becoming rich, let alone a promotion, you also might not get it.

This is the part people don't want to think about. Because this is the sad part about reality, right? We like to think our talent, everything will be smooth, but the reality doesn't work that way. And you know about it. 

A lot of talented people got fired because their boss don't like them. Agree? Why I can know this? I see a lot of cases like this. Yeah. 

Because of course, right? If the boss see you or not, if you're super talented, why the boss want to promote you? You outshine them. Yeah. So now, that's what I want to tell here is talent is overrated.

Yeah. You might think, how come I'm talented in marketing, I cannot get promoted? Because your colleague, what do you think your colleague also, also what is the chances of your colleague having a marketing talent in their father chart? Is it possible or not? Yes. What if they also have the marketing talent, but now they are more hardworking, they are more smarter than you? Of course you don't get anything. 

You get zero results and you keep blaming, oh, now the path is not accurate. No path is accurate, but there are people better than you. Yeah. 

It's just as simple as that. So therefore, instead of thinking about the talent part, this is a very old way thinking. This is like period thinking. 

The world need to change. Now you see so many firing. So we need to know first, if it's not talent, then what it is? Okay. 

Let me show you here. Value. Money or wealth only goes to where value resides.

So the question is how much money you're able to make depends on what value you have, right? The more value you have, value means that something that can solve other people's problems. Remember I told you, know yourself and know what market you want, right? So the more you build your value in the right one, and then therefore, this is the part I want to focus on about know yourself. Remember, just like water always flows to overground, money always flow to where the value is. 

So if you're available to your company, you bring a lot of money to company, I'm sure you're going to be, get a lot of money, right? You'll get a big reward from that. So once we know that value is a key, I think you remember Li Ka-shin say that, a lot of people asking him this question, what is your advice to anyone who want to build their wealth? You know what his answer is? He say, be useful. So short, but yet profoundly true, powerful, right? Yes, we need to be useful, right? If you're not useful, don't say just money, everything. 

A lot of people say, how come I don't have a lot of friends? Because you don't have value. Yeah, this is how the world is. You might think, oh, it's not about value, it's about love. 

You try and see, the easiest way to spoil your friendship is you ask, you borrow money from them. Okay, you try and see, tonight, you call your friend, say, can I borrow 1000? Okay, and see how many times you ask that before they stop picking up your call? Because you're no longer valuable. One time, two time can. 

What if you're not the one borrowing, ask someone to borrow money to you? You are the one able, you are the provider. Different world. Okay, so I want to understand the value part here. 

So when I look at BaZi, this lead me to think about if value is so important, then which part of the BaZi represent value? Okay, so let me show you now. There you go. Okay, so remember this, the month pillar at the top. 

Do you see the element here? So for this person is EG. Now look back at your BaZi chart, at the top only, don't sneak anywhere else. Just that one.

Look at the one, month pillar at the top. For this case is EG and you guys here, type in what you found in your BaZi chart in the chat box right now. IW, okay, good. 

This is value. I'll call this value creation element. Chapter number one, we're talking about the big picture of the end goal. 

So now how do we get there, right? A lot of people say, oh, I want to own stuff, right? I need money to own stuff. This is how you make the money to own stuff. So therefore, this is not the end goal. 

This is a means to an end. Guys, you understand? The end goal is on chapter one. Why I tell you the end goal first? Because if you make money, you don't know what to do is a problem, isn't it? So now you know exactly what you can do based on your BaZi chart. 

And how do I actually share with you this? I will share with you in an easy way. Let me show you this. Because now there's one problem here is this, AI disruption. 

Yeah, the way we read BaZi will be very different from old days because some, uh, I would say job might not be relevant or obsolete. So when we look at what to do or what value you can create, it changes, isn't it? So because we cannot deny the fact that AI disrupt a lot of industry or probably disrupted already. Yeah. 

So therefore we need to factor in this into our reading. So now first I want all of you here to look back at the value element just now. And I want you to actually, how many of you here, your element that you have is direct resource. 

This one, your value creation. Okay, cool. Yeah. 

Direct resource. So now, yeah, this one, that's why I say this part here, right? Easy. You just listen on it, right? You need not to do a lot. 

So now let me explain if your value based on your chart is direct resource, what you can do to generate wealth, make the money first. It might not be a lot because whether it can be a lot is depends on chapter number one just now, the mindset, the wealth path. This one telling you, how do you create your, the money you have to get to the wealth path. 

So there are two boxes here. The top one is standard or always reading, but the bottom one here is now in the AI world. There's something you should actually look into. 

Make sense guys? So this one is old. This one is new. Which one you want? Which one you prefer? New. 

Okay, good. Yeah. That's why we in period nine, right? So, but if you learn parts in the old days, they'll tell you all this teacher, doctor, all these are, but right now there'll be a bit different, but the nature will be roughly, there'll be some nature there. 

Just if you are DR, just remember this, you are educator. You like to share wisdom. You are builder of trust. 

Yeah. So basically you are, basically you're a teacher. Okay. 

So the one that can make it big is like, have you heard about like Khan Academy? All right. So that built a giant global education platform, mentorship and learning accessibility. All right. 

So that is the one. Yeah. So therefore, this is the value can create if you are direct resource. 

So the essence here is about knowledge. Always remember, direct resource is about knowledge, care, guidance, support, and stability. They are the supporter. 

So if you don't know what to do, say, I will say, look at my chart. What is why I can make money? If you discover it's a DR, look at this. Okay. 

I won't read out everything here. All right. You just, if you don't understand the word there, go Google and search.

Yeah. What is a job? Okay. What is an e-learning program designer? You want to explain each of that? I will say 10 days is not enough. 

Right. So, but I think you get my point, right? So always look at the bottom, but if that person already 60 years old, look for the top. Hard to change.

That is how I use it. Okay. You still, you still, you still can, you still can actually use the on top if you are, you'll reach certain age. 

Okay. I think Stephanie also suggest something very good. You say that if you want to know the details of what is an e-learning program designer, like here. 

Okay. So go check GPT and search. Okay. 

You, you got 100 pages explaining what is e-learning program designer. Okay. All right. 

Cool. Yeah, I'm here. I give you the direction.

You go and search this way is better. Right. So I can give you more information. 

So if an, are someone that older, but you say, I will say, even though I'm 70 years old, but I don't want to do the top. I want to do the bottom. Can I, can no problem.

Okay. Yeah. So not an issue here. 

So it's a matter of choice and also wisdom. When someone talk to you, you can sense when, you know, someone open for change or not. Yeah. 

If, how do you know if someone keep telling you when things you revert back to normal and you ask them what is normal means, means pre pandemic or the time where people don't use smartphone, they sit in the table, eating, look at each other. They don't look at smartphone. Yeah. 

They expect way to revert back. That way is always already. Okay. 

But someone keep looking forward then, and that will be, there'll be good. All right. So look at the bottom. 

Are you guys understand first or not? Okay. Kee Hung say, can you send me the slide that one later? Okay. Kee Hun Lee, calm down. 

Okay. I can come down or not. Kee Hun Lee. 

Okay. All right. Now this is DR for you.

Yeah. I like to use that word. Okay. 

Now, second one, just to share with you first, I won't explain every single thing. Otherwise you go crazy. I also go crazy because I will give you, give this to you anyway. 

Okay. For IR, right? If a lot of IR the same, the top represents the old days and the bottom one is represent the period nine or AI era. Okay. 

So it's cool. If you look at your chart, if you have that, good. Yeah. 

Because IR normally they're the inventor, they're the philosopher, and then they're also a spiritual innovator. Normally if you have IR, yeah, you can be a very talented Chinese metaphysics practitioner. Yeah. 

Because they're creative. Okay. So they're imaginative. 

So the DR just now more on data, knowledge, but IR are more on imagination, more on intuition. So therefore, because of that, they have all this, they are, if I are there, I'm sure that you are super intuitive. Okay. 

So these are the ones just like Elon Musk. Yeah. They push boundaries. 

They reinvent stuff. They take an unorthodox route to success. Yeah. 

They break through the conventional way to do something. They are more radical because they imagine stuff. All right. 

DR just now they're based on data, but IR they're different breed. Yeah. That's it. 

Okay. The rest you read yourself. Next one, EG. 

EG here is more like artists, entertainer. Yeah. They are brand expert.

So these are the job that can, they can do well in period nine. If you are EG there, you select one of this. Okay. 

They can, all this, the keyword here could be expression. They're very expressive. So there are also tribe in entertainment. 

Yeah. Because of the art part. So for exact job, look at the chart. 

Okay. Now next one, if you're HO, HO are more like the challenger. Okay. 

And the challenger, and then there are viral disruptor. Therefore they are, they are someone that like to speak, you know, like to challenge. Do you know who is Gary Vee is? All right. 

I think some, most of you heard about him, right? So you see his energy, they challenge the norms, you know, they're built with civility. That's a very HO type. So therefore at the bottom of the box, you can see what you can do. 

So you can give you some suggestion. How do you create value from your job? Okay. Direct wealth, as usual, the same, the, this one represent HO, this one represent new. 

So direct wealth, they are more structure. They are reliable. Yeah. 

One, once you have a, how many of you have the DW at the value box? How do it mean? Okay. Yeah. Most of the time, unless you have a screw up chart, most of the time you're very reliable because they work on structure.

Only, only one thing is sometimes they eat in the same restaurant all the time. All right. So, but other than that, this one is good. 

So for example, like, McDonald's, McDonald's is very structured. Yeah. Reliable. 

Yeah. Like Ray Kroc model. Yeah. 

So they are systematic. They are consistent. They are predictable. 

One thing about DW, they are predictable. They always do the same thing over and over again. Okay. 

Yeah. But because of that, they are also becoming rich. Okay. 

They are becoming rich. And this is the, one of the most favorite in terms of wealth creation in the old days. So now the next one here is IW.

Let me show you the IW. Okay. Let me clear this. 

Okay. IW is the same top and bottom. That one never changed. 

So IW are more opportunistic, which means they are networker, they are dealmaker. They are willing to take more risk. So they'll multiply their wealth easily than the direct wealth. 

Because direct wealth are more stable. Indirect wealth is more adventurous on making money. Like Richard Branson will be one of it. 

The Virgin Group, they're fast to spot the trend. They love traveling. They take calculative risk. 

That's indirect wealth. Okay. So this is the suggestion for you if you are in direct wealth. 

Next one, DO. DO is the essence here. They are leader, they are manager, they like law and order, highly principled. 

So therefore, these are the job that can build value if they can thrive. One of the example here, like Apple CEO right now, Tim Cook. Tim Cook is, Steve Jobs is visionary, right? But Tim Cook is very effective.

You see how they scale the business, how they manage the supply chain, logistic, everything. There's a law and order of stuff. So this was the thing that you can actually look into.

So seven killings, a lot of people are afraid of seven killings, but seven killings is not dangerous. When it comes to value creation, it's like a warrior. They are good in managing crisis.

So if a company going through crisis, they want to restructure, seven killings is the best person to do it. They like to disrupt stuff. So they're master risk. 

They're willing to take risk. I think one of the example could be Uber founder. He took the risk of that time, it's an unknown business. 

They carved the way. So it represent courage. They're very competitive.

They like to go through high risk, high reward. They are wealth coming that way. So these are the suggestion of the thing they can do.

So last two, friend. The friend essence here, if your value creation is friend, this one is about partnership, community builder and tribe leader. They want to be with people.

They're alive when there's a sense of camaraderie. We fight together as a team. So therefore, these are the thing they can do. 

If you look at the chart right now, you see community builder, partnership, mastermind, host. Nowadays, people like to interview successful people. So therefore, they are very friend related. 

They can create a lot of money out of that. So now finally, the one here is rock wealth. How many of you are rock wealth? Right. 

So these are the challenger, they are fast mover, they are rebel as well. So these are the job that they can find momentum and passion about. How about TikTok dancing, bike dance, all these are Zhang Yiming and all those are, they are very rock wealth. 

Okay. So they like to challenge and do something different. These are the one that like to compete with the giants in the industry. 

Okay. They are bold challenger and then they go through, they are very high drive to do something. So if you want to have competitor, this is the last people you want to fight with. 

Yeah, because their drive are very high and then they're going to beat you. I'll do everything you do. That is a rock wealth. 

Okay. So now guys, I can send them, do you want all these 10 slides here? Or you have a photographic memory, you can remember everything. Okay. 

The team will send you right now, all the 10 slides. And this slide here is something, is a compilation of so many hours while doing consult. I do research in the market, what is happening right now, what is the sought after. 

So this, now I give it all to you. Okay. It saves you a lot of time. 

And if you do, you can guide your children also. And if you are a Pazzo coach and you advise people on their career or career change, there are some people that they hit a midlife crisis. They want to do something different. 

Right. So this will be a perfect time to advise them to do. Okay. 

All right. So, and just this alone, imagine this, if you want to say, okay, I will sell to make my some money first, even now today, right? You just post a message later on your Facebook. You say that, you know, I just learned day one from Iverson born for wealth. 

And right now I able to give you the big picture of your five heavenly path. And I also can tell you exactly what job role suitable for you for this AI era. Would you be interested? And because you're my friend, instead of $100, I only charge you at a minimum of $50. 

And that's the disclaimer. Okay. You cannot ask me everything, anything else, because that is the only thing I know so far. 

You need to be honest, right? Then would you be interested? If they say yes, you say, thank you. But my time are pretty busy. I only, I only be free a little bit on the fourth week. 

Can we set an appointment right now? Do you think people would be interested? Yes. Even though you're, you're damn free. Okay. 

For the next three weeks, you don't know what to do. And you're watching Netflix every day. It's fine because scarcity sell. 

If you tell them, no, I'm free right now. Let's go out. No, that is bad marketing.

Okay. I say, you might think Iverson, then it means you're lying. No, right. 

You didn't do any harm. Even you need to make sure during the consult, we just need to deliver the right information. All right. 

If you don't know, you tell them, you don't know. It's fine. You tell them, let me learn day two from Iverson. 

Then I come back to you. So my, now do you think you can make some money or not by just doing that? Come on guys. Yes or no? Not that hard, right? Which means you can make money on day one here. 

Now I want you to look back here. What actually changed? Because now you just increase your value, right? When your value increase, your money will follow. So need not to work hard on making more money. 

Just work hard on increasing your value. It will come. And now you know exactly where your value is. 

What are you waiting for? Okay, cool. So this part here, I leave it to you. Yeah. 

So rather want to do this, you post on Facebook, that one, and I'm telling you a lot of people love this part. They want to know what they can do. They want to know the wealth path. 

If you can deliver it well, I'm sure they'll refer a lot of clients to you. Okay. All right. 

So now some people like variety, right? Can I give you something a little bit advanced, but some people, they might feel confused. So do you want this advanced information or not? It's a good confuse. All right. 

Okay. Now, okay, cool. Okay. 

Look at this slide now. Just now I'm talking about what you can create, right? Now, if you say, I don't want to learn stuff, I just want to sell, look at the year pillar. Okay. 

So you look at this DO, you look back at the DO, you sell whatever those people provide. You don't do the actual thing. You just sell something. 

Okay. Now look at your, look at your year pillar. What is stated there? Type in the chat box. 

Okay. All right. So, okay, cool. 

So let's, let's use one example here. If your year pillar is indirect wealth, for example, is indirect wealth, you see indirect wealth here. So now we're talking about selling, right? Let's say I don't want to build up skill, but I don't want to sell to make money. 

So you sell, help people to sell orders. Yeah. Maybe they have a program, services, or you help them to find more clients, referrals. 

So you're selling their products or services, you help them. Instead of becoming the skilled person, you help them. Okay. 

So this is one, another angle you can use your pattern chart for. One, you learn the skill in a month pillar. The year pillar is the services you sell. 

Let's say, remember we talk about the dark resource is educator, right? You'd be the teacher. You look at a month, but if it's happening a year, what, what is that teacher is for? Which means you have the teacher selling what? Courses. You have the teacher marketing their courses. 

Make sense or not guys? Do you understand? This is additional information because not all the time you need to be skilled, you need to learn, right? You still can make money by selling something. So you can choose now. Now, just now you offer 50 ringgit, right? Now you add an add on. 

Do you want to know what products or services to sell? You add on, it's just $10. So from 50 now to $20, sorry, to add another $10 add on because you have more value right now. Now you can sell your consult for $60. 

Okay, good. Is this information useful? All right. Now you know how to make something, how to create something and how to sell it.

So it depends on you, right? Some people, they don't like to, Oh, you asked me to learn a skill. You asked me to learn Pazhi. I'd rather help someone who knows Pazhi. 

I make a lot of money by selling this person courses or consultation. Yeah, it's fine. As long as you give value, you help someone either directly or indirectly, you're good. 

Okay. All right. So far so good.

You understand this? Okay. Someone asked, okay, let me answer this question. Sharon Tim, how do I sell if it's IR? Let's do one more. 

I won't do everything. Otherwise then everyone asks for that one. Okay. 

Let's do one example like this. Indirect resource. So let's look at here. 

How do you sell? Okay. Indirect resource. Remember just now, they are metaphysics. 

Okay. Content creator. Can you offer them design, help them sell their service and all this thing, right? So innovation consultant, their client is companies that are looking for innovation. 

So you have them sell their service. Okay. Terra. 

All right. So therefore, basically you help to bring them businesses. That's what I mean, selling. 

Okay, guys, you need to think a little bit this one. That's why I say, otherwise I'm going to do every single one. So let's see this one. 

This one has come from Shirley, right? Okay. So how about the friend? Okay. Look at the friend. 

What can you sell? Can you help the friend to sell? Community builder. If they need money, can you help them to attract investor coming in? Can or not? Or market the service. If they say, I need money, I need funding. 

I don't know. Or can you help them to build a Venus, to get in more recruitment or enrollment? Okay. All right. 

So now you see, anyone ask for their own already. How about HO? How about EG? But I want you to just look at that and then just shift to different angle. Okay. 

Good. Now, making and selling. Now you cannot say, I don't know what to do.

You cannot say, I don't know what to sell. You already got all the answers. Okay. 

Start first. Yeah. The key here, once you know, you start. 

Not to figuring out a whole five-year plans. It never work in period of night. You just start. 

Just like me last time, when I actually transit from programmer to partner, a lot of people ask me, what happened in your mind at that time? Yeah. Is it, is it mean, how do you actually face your fear or uncertainty? For me that time, I just do. Yeah. 

It's just as simple as this, right? You need not to complicate the stuff. You do it first because you see the next path. After you complete that one. 

How many of you experienced that before? You're not clear, but you take the first step. My first step here is I tend the resonation and I start consulting, mini consulting. I start giving talk in bookstore when there are no one listening to me, all the empty chairs right in front. 

To a point, I need to ask my colleague to stand in front. So at least I've got one person. And after 10 minutes, I feel happier because another person coming, sitting down on the chair, she's not my colleague. 

Yeah. But only to know that the reason the lady sitting there is because she's tired walking. She just take a rest.

That's how, so therefore, yeah. Start something first because when you align with heaven energy, they will guide you for the next thing. Sometime the next step is to just to tell you that there's something else is better for you. 

Have you guys actually experienced that before? You take the first step only to tell you that another direction is better. If you haven't go through the first step, you never know that, that other direction is better for you. Okay.

So do that. When we have time in the bonus data, I talk a bit about the heaven alignment part. Would you be interested? About the heaven rhythm. 

Okay. Cool. Right. 

We stay in the end later. All right. So even you are a bit sleepy, tomorrow need to work, that one can wait. 

Okay. Now, next thing I want to talk about here. Okay. 

First of all, make sure you've got all the five, sorry, the 10 slides. Have you got it in your telegram? Yeah. I need to move on to next subject already. 

All right. Just to make sure everything is out of the way now. Okay. 

Cool. So just now we're talking about the Yin and Yang. One part is know yourself, which I told you just now about the value.

You know it. And then the second part is also about know the market. The market also important, right? Because if you are good at something that not a lot of people want, for example, like I actually asked someone, this is like back seven years ago, I'm in Penang. 

I go there to conduct a workshop. I asked this person, what is your skill? What you're good in doing? And he told me without thinking, you know, so it has to be true. He says something, I will say I'm good in collecting stamps. 

Okay. Is there a skill about good in collecting stamp? I don't know. Yeah. 

Maybe is that good? I don't know how he mentioned that, but he might not able to not a lot in the market, not a lot of people want this kind of people. Oh, the skill. Right. 

So therefore it's more like a hobby rather than a skill to make money. All right. That way is a different topic altogether.

It's fine. You have hobby to balance out your emotion, right? But it's not about something that can make money because we must know what market want. So now let's talk about the market.

Let me show you this and get to know what the market want here. So now let me ask you, market changes a lot or it stay the same for a very long time. Will market change? Yes.

Right. Changes all the time. Something working right now does not mean it will work next year.

Have you seen a lot of business? They are starting off very strong, but somehow eventually they faded away. Okay. Because the market changed. 

So which means sometime the market don't need your products or services anymore. We need to understand it, right? Then how do we do it? So when we say no, the market is not like once you get the answer, it will stay there forever, right? So therefore it's a very volatile thing. So when we look at the market, we look at one thing. 

We look at the year itself, the next two years or the upcoming years. So we start with that one first because there are no one fixed answer to it because it keeps changing. So how do we do this? We look at the timing part.

So now in period nine, we know overall is governed by fire element. And we also know that the next year is a pure fire year, right? This is a pure fire year, right? So 2026. So therefore 2026 is the year that is set the tone for period nine. 

Okay. So which means that even though period nine happens in 2020-2024, but the real happening changes is on 2026 because the fire element is extremely strong. Do you know what is the element for the fire in 2026? It's a fire horse element, right? So if I show you this again, fire horse is here. 

Let me show this again. Okay. If you see this, fire horse is here.

Okay. So fire horse is all pure fire. It's a starting point. 

So therefore I need to plot the fire horse chart for you. So let me show you. Okay. 

This is the fire horse chart. Okay. Fire horse is 2026. 

And how do you, where the fire horse is? There you go, right? There's a fire horse. It's the year of a fire horse here. So once we know that we can actually decipher what is happening there because what is important, I want you to remember this.

2026 puzzle chart is not just an annual chart. It's the director's script for period nine. That's how important it is. 

So which means that if you do it right in the year of 2026, it sort of like set the tone for the rest of the period nine. Is it important? Guys, is it important or not? Because when we read an annual chart, it's not, we always read one year, one year, right? But 2026 chart is a bit special because it's like the director's script for the rest of the period nine because it's the starting point of the fire energy. How do we predict our destiny? We always look at the starting point, isn't it? We look at what? What is your date of birth? What is your time of birth? Don't you think you've been asked this question in order to plot the puzzle chart? You might think, right, that one is just my time of birth. 

So how important it is because it's the starting point of an energy and it will dictate for the rest. You still have the same puzzle chart for the rest of your life. So therefore it will talk about the birth of period nine is actually the pure fire starting in 2026. 

So the chart is, you can analyze it as an annual chart. You also can see that is the puzzle chart for period nine. Yeah. 

So the more you understand it, the more knowledge or awareness you have to deal with all these challenges in period nine. And I'm going to tell you what it is. Okay. 

And how do we do this? I want to actually form it in a way that you can actually act on it. This is the one. Okay. 

The five heavenly moves. So which means something to know and to act on it. There are five things it's important. 

I'm going to show you right now. So now let me show you the first thing here. Now what does it read here? Be the second mover, not the pioneer. 

What do you able to understand from that sentence? Be the second mover, but not the pioneer. Okay. Let me show you the chart. 

Don't be smart. Okay. That other five was smart. 

Okay, cool. But some of you might think, Hey, I was saying, don't you think period nine is a very fast, right? We should move fast. Yes, you should move fast, but not too fast. 

Not be the first one. Okay. Let me explain. 

Let me explain here. If you look at the chart here, you see this, uh, it is a two to six chart by the way. And do you realize that is a super strong fire? Do you see that? First of all, the whole year is fire element. 

And then the fire is here. Fire is here and the fire is here and the wood also produce fire. So don't you think is a very, uh, uh, so-called hot chart. 

Yes. When is a super hot chart fire represents speed, right? So when is good, what, when is too much fire, they're, they're very impulsive, emotional, and explosive. So basically when fire dominates, people act with urgency because they're impatient or simply their fear of missing out.

Okay. So therefore in business, it creates a climate of Russian trend. People always want to be the first one. 

They want to have a lot of quick launches, viral. Guys, you do know that nowadays a lot of people want to be viral, viral, viral help. Uh, therefore they have all these, uh, impulsive decision. 

So now why is not the first mover? Because if you read the whole chart, do you see any water element? Do you see any water element in the chart? No. So they move very fast, but no wisdom. You see a lot of people that just want to be fast, but they are not, they are not taught over all this. 

They're just doing this for the sake of doing. Yeah. So remember this important. 

2026 here, especially, and moving forward, the tone here, be fearful when others are greedy, be greedy when others are fearful. This is the exact word for Warren Buffett. Now, arrow move fast. 

You'll be the second. You're still fast. All right. 

Yeah. Because it's still a fire, but you don't actually do the first one. And now if you learn metaphysics before, when someone move fast is fire, right? So fire produce what in the end, who you benefit fire produce earth. 

Do you see the earth here? You move so fast in the end, you produce earth, right? So what is the nature of earth? Stable, patient, structure, observation. So you observe first. So therefore that is why second movers in period nine always win. 

Yeah. Let the pioneers kill themselves. They are the one, the first mover is the one that clear the jungle. 

They educate the market. They spend a lot of money for marketing and awareness. They take all the arrows, right? And the second movers that got good point, they learn from the first mover, that copy what works, that adapt faster and the skill with less risk. 

For example, you think about BYD, right? Yeah. Tesla clear the jungle. BYD actually paved the road. 

Yeah. So a lot of things has all the hard part already done, right? The Tesla educate the market, set the stage, build all the hype. But they also take all these arrows, right? So therefore also look at Apple and BlackBerry, right? BlackBerry is the first mover, but Apple actually later, but they win. 

So therefore these are the first concept, uh, or the, uh, why is the reason from the 2026 chart here? Do you find that interesting? Yeah, you can read the chart that way right now. How many of you here like this way of reading, but if you don't know, it's fine, right? I already tell the answer. In the end, whether you know how to analyze the chart is irrelevant, but you must know, don't be the pioneer. 

You got killed first. Is this important? Yes. Okay.

So follow what works, improve, adapt. That is the way to go in Pyrenees. Because when everyone rush, you hold on a little bit. 

So let me clear this. Now let's move on to the second point here. Okay.

Second point here, say, uh, clean your shadows. Okay. So what, what do I mean by clean the shadows? Let me bring back the chart again. 

So the chart, uh, let me see whether I can draw something on this. Okay. Now, when you say clear your shadow, which means that if you look at you know, pink fire is the sun. 

Yeah. Pink fire is a sun. Yeah. 

This is a yang fire. Okay. So I just draw like this easier for you to remember. 

Okay. It's a sun. And do you see how many sun you see in this chart? Yeah. 

Not only top and, but also bottom, right? So in Pazer, when something appear on top and the bottom, we call this rooted. So which means super strong sunlight. So when the sun is so dominant, it shines everywhere.

It also reveals everything because sun remove a lot. It actually shines on darkness, right? So which mean nothing can hide. Corruption, hidden motive, all your weaknesses will get exposed.

If you have an affair, easily got exposed as well. How many of you have affair right now? Of course you won't type here, right? Okay. So I'm just asking. 

So now here also, uh, is like water buffers is swimming naked, right? So which means that if you, if you discover that a lot of your colleagues, they actually don't know what to do. They have no idea what they are doing, but somehow they get away with a lot of things. Wait until two to six, they are swimming naked.

Which means that suddenly all the weakness being revealed. So which means that in period nine, there's not much you can hide. Yeah. 

Everything under the, you swept under the carpet, you got revealed. So therefore, if you're talking about business or anything, or did your weak spot. Yeah. 

Before in known publicly, you know, whether it's a finance relationship or something you're embarrassed about, you know, so two to six is coming. So so which mean period nine, no, uh, a lot is very hard to keep mistake also means easy to hack. If I'm talking about computer world, hacker will lose period nine. 

So there are no system, uh, so-called like secure system. A lot of people thought like Bitcoin is unhackable. Yeah. 

Because the possibility to hack it is like almost zero to none, but the charts tells you. It's not true. I mean, now, nowadays we have quantum computing, right? That thought is powerful. 

A lot of people still saying it's not enough to crack the Bitcoin algorithm algorithm, but the chart says, because everything bring to light all the security part will under huge challenge in period nine. So if you providing all these security services for, for companies, you can see a lot of money there as well. Okay. 

Cybersecurity. Yes, you're right. Jamie cybersecurity. 

Okay. And, uh, because vulnerability is that, but if your speaker discover, you have some dark past, you say, okay, what if people find out I want to be an influencer? I want to be a, uh, KOL, but what if people find out my past mistake? So the key here is what turn your shadows into strength. Okay. 

Share with people because people don't know it anyway. Why not? You make it part of your inspiring story to become a better person. So what is once shameful right now, become a magnet for respect. 

How about that? So in your view, transparency system, you know, basically, uh, keep all the contracts, you know, fulfill promises because a lot of things here. So, but if you're from spiritual perspective, when you look at this, you say that, uh, shadows represent unresolved karma, guilt or secret. So for you right now is a time. 

Yeah. This is a time that means for forgiveness. Let go. 

Yeah. When you let go, you're like, you're become lighter and easy for you to attract wealth because now you are aligned, easy, easy to manifest. Yeah. 

So if some of you here, uh, have all this unresolved karma, or you want to forgive someone, or you feel guilt, address it head on. Yeah. You feel powerful because if not for the next like 10 or 20 years, now you always feel guilty. 

And then it drain your energy and you cannot make money. Okay. So Maundry, uh, from the chat box here, Maundry asking, can tax dodge anymore? Means you want to dodge your, are you saying that you're currently dodging a lot of tax? I don't know. 

Yeah. But based on the chart, it says it's become hard, which means the government will install a lot of system tracking, maybe due to AI technology. You can't even do all these funny things anymore. 

Okay. All right. So, which means a lot of tax consultant. 

Yeah. You're finding hard time and there are more to come. Have you already seen this thing happening already? Even without, I'm telling you from the path to chart.

All right. So the path to chart just conferred to something, which you already know more and more. That's why I say, if I have a affair, yeah, you'll be in a dangerous spot.

Easy to know somehow like Coldplay concert. Okay. Something, something, uh, something similar like this will be more and more because of this two ping fight, very strong ping fight. 

Yeah. Okay. All right. 

So far so good guys. Yeah. I'm telling you. 

Yeah. So can make your plan. All right. 

For, I cannot talk this in a free webinar because it's too technical. Okay. So now the next one here, let me show you the next one. 

The third thing here is manifestation is a secret weapon, which means in period nine, you know, one, at least if you want to, um, even you're just beginner is fine. All right. At least you learn some manifestation because the manifestation energy is strong in period nine. 

When you talk about wealth, yeah. Wealth manifestation, don't worry. I go teach this tomorrow. 

How about that? All right. I will teach you some manifestation tomorrow, but right now I want you to know manifestation is some, one of the important thing here because it's, um, you see here, you see direct resource here. You see this, direct resource here, the ping fire is strong, right? So all ping fire is that resource.

Remember one thing, when the direct resource is too strong, which indicated in this chart, it will become indirect resource. Okay. This is a part of theory. 

Yeah. When that resource is, you don't think you see that resource, right? You think is that resource? No, actually you're looking at indirect resource. So which means, uh, the indirect resource represent, uh, manifestation connection, manifestation power. 

So therefore, because it's a ping fire, it's a sun, the manifestation power become, uh, amplified in period nine. So if you have some manifestation technique with you, you know what to do with those technique, you actually get unfair advantage in period nine. Remember on chapter number one, did I teach you some manifestation technique based on the five achievements stars? That is, that's the one that's why include that part of it, because he indicated that that business will thrive in period nine. 

You can teach this as a course, or you can apply it. Since you already know, I would encourage you to practice manifestation maybe daily first as a beginner. Once you get a hang on it, then you can choose any time you like. 

Okay. All right. So remember manifestation is a tool is a big business. 

So now the next one here, remember one thing. Yeah. You might think you're good. 

You want to come, you want to be strong. You want to beat down competitors, right? This one doesn't work in period nine. You know why? Because if you stand alone, you'll be killed in period nine. 

So period nine is the period you want to do anything. Don't start alone, get collaboration. It does not mean you must actually find a partner in your business or anything, but in your business, try to collaborate with other businesses. 

So to form a win-win situation. So why, why I'm saying this because in period nine, or especially in 226, competitor, competitor actually is super strong. You look at Rockwell, Rockwell represent competitor. 

You see competitor here, competitor is here, right? It's earth element, right? Earth element is because fire is stronger for so strong. So competitor will be very strong. So if you fight with them because yourself is weak, right? So because competitor is stronger.

So therefore it says that instead of competing, all right, you actually become allies with them. All right. Joint venture, partnership, athlete models, or in a career collaborative projects, leadership, you become stronger or building communities like nowadays have Telegram, TikTok group, right? So community is the one. 

So the advice here is don't fight over the pie, be the one who bakes the oven. Okay. So period nine is all about share wealth.

Don't fight alone. All right. Build networks rather than fight alone.

Yeah. Because here say that competitor is strong. If you fight head on with them, you lose, but if you form collaboration, things are happening. 

Okay. Now you become friends. Now that is the one that you need to actually look into. 

Okay. So remember, don't, don't start something or some collaboration is important. And now next one here, I want you to look at is this, yeah, this is super important. 

Yeah. Don't chase wealth. Why? Yeah. 

This is, if you're chasing wealth in period nine, yeah. You, you've, you've discovered a lot of problems. Let me tell you, you look at the chart for Loh Pa Tse, this is you, right? Yeah. 

It's your day. It's the earth. For earth, what is the wealth element? Water. 

So do you see any water in the chart? So in 226, there are no wealth element one, you know? All right. There are no water, right? So the earth control water. So, which means strong self. 

Why is strong? Because fire is strong, but no wealth element. In Cantonese we call what? So this one is reversed. Basically means self is strong. 

Wealth is weak. So it's a reverse polarity. So now, when, when the wealth is missing in layman term, it means that if your way of making money is exchange your time with money, you're finding hard times.

I think about this, all people think I'm making money, I'm making money, right? Actually, you're not making money at all. You just exchange your time with money. For example, so the interviewer will ask you, right? What is your requested salary? So basically, whatever amount you're saying, you're saying that in order to buy my time, this is the value. 

So you're exchanging time for money. So if you look at the chart in period nine, since there are no water element, which represent wealth. So if you trade your time with money, you have problem. 

So you don't chase money anymore. So now, since then, how do you make money? So allow me to be a bit technical here. So since the wealth is strong, when the element itself is strong, what favors them? Output element, right? Because output reduce your strong energy. 

So do you realize that the output element is right at the bottom of this earth element? So it's easy, right? You see here. So the way to make money is through output element. EG is output. 

So, which means that if you don't know what to do, you want to secure your wealth flow, brand yourself as authority because eating God creation represent that, you know, is a brand. Brand yourself as authority because see metal also are shining diamonds. So about content creation, teaching, speaking, be in social media, creating digital product, courses that people willing to pay for. 

This is the way to make more money. This is the trick here. A lot of people looking for wealth element is non-existent. 

So don't look for one. Don't chase it. Look for creation. 

And how many of you here, your chart, your day master is a sin method? How many of you? Okay. That one, you don't even need to think. You must start now already.

Okay. Start to be what? Think about your brand, build as authority, make the brand find you, all right? Do a lot of content creation. Either you teach, you speak, you write, whatever.

Venture in social media because the chart already telling you so. Okay. Which means the traditional way of making money slowly, slowly will go away.

And do you realize that nowadays when you walk in a shopping mall, even weekdays are crowded by a lot of people. Do you realize the changes? Normally on weekdays, right? Normally last time is not a lot of people walk in the shopping mall during working hours, but nowadays a lot, it seems like weekend. Okay. 

So now, you know, they don't work. They are not working in this office bound job anymore. Therefore you see the chart. 

There are no single wealth element. Do you realize this? Wealth element, all these people like, because it's represent what? It represent all this, what we call standard way of making, trading your time, your money. So by hopefully with all this, all these five moves here, you're able to actually guide you looking at 2026 and onwards. 

So now what you can do with this? First of all, if you look at the chart here, it says one thing. If you work at an office bound job, get another part-time job, learn how to brand whatever you're good in doing, building your brand up. Because the wealth element is no longer there.

The more you chase it, there'll be more problem. Okay. So learn how to collaborate with people.

Like for example, if you're good in ideas, work with someone that actually have a podcast studio, you know, work with them, build your brand that way. There's so many things you can do. That's not what I say, but it's what the chart say, because the chart says that is wrong. 

No way to compete. Okay. And now if we hear, if your friend share with you a great idea, what you should do, ask them do first. 

You tell them, wow, it's a great idea I ever heard. Okay. I support you emotionally, not money. 

Okay. Emotionally. I support you. 

Go and do it. Yeah. Then if it's good, then you improvise. 

Yeah. It seems bad to do this to your friend, let's say, let's say, don't regard this as a friend, maybe someone, you know, or a certain thing you pick up along the way. Okay. 

So therefore, once you have this understanding, you better equip yourself with, in period nine energy. And remember, I already told you manifesting there are two way. One way you make it as a career or manifesting could mean energy, healing and everything. 

All right. Or blessing even some people that don't like to manifest themselves. Right. 

How many of you are lazy when you don't like to, ah, I don't change, select a time and all this. I better spend time with my kids or family or go for a holiday. How many of you have this kind of mindset? Type the word me is fine. 

Me also like that. Okay. Sometime. 

Okay. Some people it's fine. Some people want to select the date and all those things. 

Right. And you might think, okay, if like that, then how, don't worry. Now, do you know that there's a, so many way to manifest. 

Sometimes you need not to do it yourself. Have you heard about remote manifestation? Also one way, right? So either way, do your best, mix yourself with good energy. Remote manifestation means someone do it on behalf on you. 

And then they send to you remotely because energy does not constrain by distance. I think I did an exercise with some of you here last time about here, right? When I do this, you feel the energy, right? So therefore some people are there, but if you like to do it yourself, then yeah. Find some good dates to do it. 

It make a lot of difference for you. How many of you actually joined the Qimen wealth portal? I did it like last month, I guess. Type the word me. 

Right. So yeah, that one we use what? Date and time. Because without date and time, the manifestation won't go. 

Okay. Wow. Thank you. 

Thank you. Wow. I see so many good response here.

So this is how we read the Bazi chart. Okay. Just now, now let's recap here. 

We talk about few things just now. We talk about all the value that you have based on your value creation box. We talk about talent is overrated. 

Don't look at the talent box anymore. Come on. I'm telling you seriously. 

Okay. The moment you change your mindset, you will actually attract different frequency. Now your goal here is not to work until you retire or not. 

There's no longer everyone dreams right now. Yeah. If you want to tell people you're CEO, people don't respect CEO nowadays. 

You know why? Because now there's a lot of YouTubers that can make more money than CEO. Do you guys agree? So the world is changing. So therefore we know our value. 

The value is to build wealth. So you can, once you make the money, what you need to do? Go back to chapter number one, you listen again. What kind of mindset to build your wealth? Do you see the flow right now? I hope you understand this. 

I don't just teach you something. You need to connect the dots. So once you, the value that I just taught just now on the value box, once you make money, you go back to chapter number one on the five heavenly path, grow money from that. 

Okay. And just now also tell you what to expect in 2026 and also period nine. So pay that, take that into whatever consideration you're doing. 

It will help you to escape a lot of problems. Sometimes it's not about what to do more. You know, sometimes it's what to do less or not to do something. 

Okay, good. So do you understand what you've been learning so far? Type over yes, if I understand it. Okay, cool. 

So, and some of you ask also about, should I follow the period nine job or the top? It's up to you. All right, it's fine. The older job is still there, but it's just less opportunity. 

That's it. Okay, cool. So now this is chapter two. 

Now you're ready. Yeah, you're ready. I also told you, how do you make money post on your Facebook to offer some services? I told, I show you all this while you've noticed chapter number one, chapter number two, I show you all the templates, step-by-step framework, right? It's not hard. 

That is the 20% rule. And once now you're ready, you really listen to all the counsel from the heaven. Chapter number three, after the break, I'm talking about the power of timing. 

Do you want to know when opportunities strike? Now you're in preparation mode, right? Now you exactly know what you should prepare. In chapter number three, I'm talking about time, the opportunity, when the wealth opportunity come, because if you're not prepared, if you haven't gone through chapter one and two, even opportunity come, you cannot capitalize on it. Okay. 

So let's take 15 minutes break. And after we come back, we're talking about the power of timing. Hi, hello. 

Welcome back. How are you guys doing? Okay, good. All right. 

Okay. So, I saw Karin Ng ask, can I have the 2026 sponsor chart? Okay. All right. 

Later, I'll say later, I go to ask them to send to you, Karin. I mean, to the diagram group, so everyone can get the 2026 chart. Are you guys okay with that? Okay. 

After today's session. Okay. Because now they need to focus on the current session first. 

Later, I'm going to ask them to send one copy to you. Okay. So I also noticed during the break just now, some of you asking, remember on first chapter number one, we talk about every year, what we should do, right? We always look at the top element, right? Okay. 

The top element. Do you guys follow me? Remember back to chapter number one, instead of focusing on the NATO, the lock pillar, we got the 2025 annual element, the top one. The only problems here right now, you might wondering, hey, how about 2026? What should I follow? But if you are learn metaphysics before, you can easily know. 

Next year is a pink fire on top and pink fire means what is the 10 God means to you. But I know some of you here, you haven't learned about 10 Gods. You don't know. 

Can I give you a technique to discover that as well? Do you want that? I can show you quickly how to do that. Because some of you don't, I'm not trained with Pazer, right? You say, okay, because the Pazer chart show 2025, what about 2026? It's very simple. Let me share with you first. 

First of all, you just look at your own Pazer chart. Okay. So this is a sample Pazer chart. 

All right. So let me just, okay. All right. 

Cool. So this chart here, let's say, just imagine this is your chart. You know that next year, next year, this is 2025. 

This is 2025. You know that next year, 2026 is a pink fire. Yeah.

You must know this first. Okay. It's a pink fire. 

Yeah. It's a, I told you earlier on the, on the chart, right? 2026 is a fire horse. It's a pink fire. 

So, but you don't know what is pink fire means to you. So the way to do this is like this. You scroll down.

Okay. You look for where pink fire is. Okay. 

For this person is here. So what is stated here? Direct resource. What direct resource is? What is the direct resource? Leverage for this person.

Okay. So now let's do one more. I'm just in case one more. 

Let's say for this person. Okay. This person, different chart. 

Next year is a pink fire year. You want to know what to do? You just actually need to look at where the, you see a pink fire here. Okay. 

So what is a pink fire for this person? Rock wealth. Rock wealth stands for what? Do you still remember? What is rock wealth stands for? Yes. Correct. 

So for this person is branding. Now, look back at your own chart, check for next year, what you should do and type in the chat box right now. I want you to practice it. 

Anything you do, you practice, you own it, right? You just listen passively. You won't start. Okay. 

Now, you know, right? So this is like a pink fire. How about 2027? You know, 227 is a thing way, right? 227 is a thing fire on top. So yeah. 

So for this person, 2026 is here. 2027 is here and so on to it and so on. Okay. 

So you might go through two years. It's the same. So it's very clear. 

Okay. So for me, for me is, uh, my day master is a pink fire. When I next year is a pink fire, right? So I see friend element. 

What will you advise me to do next year? I'm a friend element. I see another friend branding. Okay. 

So guess what I'm going to do next year? Yeah, I'll do, I'll focus a lot of my energy into branding if possible. Okay. Yeah. 

Basically what I'm telling you, I following it. Okay. Yeah. 

So how many of you here, you also a pink fire or a pink fire, right? You see that the next two years, you know, the way to maximize your wealth potential is through branding. Isn't it easy? Yeah. Rather than read, oh, there's a clash, there's emptiness, there's an inner combination. 

There's a tree harmony. No need to, once you do that, you're wasting your time. And the only thing you cannot buy back is all the time you lost on com you complexify everything. 

Have you heard, uh, uh, have you been in a conversation with a wise people and you realize all the solution is very simple, so basic, but profoundly effective. Yeah. But you ask for those people that, that don't know much, they give you 10 suggestion. 

You also don't know which one is which the more you hear, the more you confuse, you have say something like, depends on what you like. You know, if you do this also good, do that also good. So in the end, you're hearing nothing. 

Okay. A wise person will tell something for you to think about and awaken inside you. Right? So parts are reading also the same, but if you are someone that need all the confirmation in the chart, ensure that it's a fact, there are no flaws in it. 

You can wait forever as if they want to go from your house to a destination to wait until all the traffic light is green. No way. Okay. 

So you need to know every time you dog, you try to think of where you, you, you're actually wasting time and you cannot get it back. That's a problem. All right. 

So therefore, uh, this is the part here. So Raymond asked, can we create value by investing? Investing? I'm going to talk about tomorrow. Okay. 

Because investing is money work hard for you. It's no, you create value. You guys. 

Yeah. There must be a process. All right. 

Yeah. That is important. Raymond, don't worry. 

I'm going to cover it tomorrow. You remind me again, just in case I forget. Unlikely I will, but just for you to feel better, I allow you to remind me again. 

Okay. Don't worry. It's part of here. 

I'm going to deliver the investment part. Yeah. But not now. 

Why? Wrong timing, wrong sequence. Yeah. That's why when we putting a cost, there must be a sequence. 

There be a right number to dial to get to the receiver you want to talk to. Okay. All right. 

So now I also saw some of you, just now you made the request of this. Okay. This one. 

Okay. Can you guys send this to them? Chapter two, just now. Do you want this? All right. 

What to create, what to sell this also super important. I, yeah, you should have this as well. So you want age in your memory, you want to exercise this. 

Okay. Sell and create. Now you remember this. 

You can do, but what if these two elements are also the same? Yeah. Remember just now the year represent what to sell. Right. 

And then what, then what if these two elements are also the same, which means what? You can do both. Yeah. You do your, right. 

It's like someone that marketing that cafe. They're also the chef, you know, that can do two things at the same time. Yeah. 

Some people have this capability to do it. How many of you have both also the same? Yeah. Type the word me. 

Okay. Good. So which means one day cake. 

Yeah. One day cake means you do everything. Who asked everything you also know to do, you know, to create also know how to sell.

Yeah. It's a destiny in Cantonese. We call this low look, man.

You know, as low look, man, laborious life, because you know, everything, somehow you feel like you want to do everything because no one are better than you. Right. Because it's part of your competence box. 

That's the thing. Okay. Good. 

All right. So now I'm going to allocate like five to 10 minutes here for a Q and A. Okay. So now you can ask me questions if you want related has to be related to chapter number one and two. 

How about chapter three? Some of you might ask. No, because I haven't teach chapter three yet. Okay. 

All right. So, okay. I will not ask for manifestation. 

What if it's done on achievement? Don't worry about it. You think too much. Okay. 

Because you manifest on your destiny chart, destiny chart. There are no negative or positive. It's only whether it align to your, what you want or not. 

Yeah. For example, destiny chart. But I know some of you here, you haven't learned about 10 gods. 

You don't know. Can I give you a technique to discover that as well? Do you want that? I can show you quickly how to do that. Well, some of you don't, I'm not trained in Bazaar, right? You say, okay, because the Bazaar chart show 225. 

What about 226? It's very simple. Let me share with you first. First of all, you just look at your own Bazaar chart. 

Okay. So this is a sample Bazaar chart. All right. 

So let me just, okay. All right. Cool. 

So this chart here, let's say, just imagine this is your chart. You know that next year, next year, this is 2025. This is 2025. 

You know that next year, 2026 is a pink fire. Yeah. You must know this first. 

Okay. It's a pink fire. Yeah. 

It's a, I told you earlier on, on the, on the chart, right? 2026 is a fire horse. It's a pink fire. So, but you don't know what is pink fire means to you. 

So the way to do this is like this. You scroll down. Okay. 

You look for where pink fire is. Okay. For this person is here. 

So what is stated here? Direct resource. What direct resource is? What is the direct resource? Leverage for this person. Okay. 

So now let's do one more. Just in case one more. Let's say for this person. 

Okay. This person, different chart. Next year is a pink fire year.

You want to know what to do? You just actually need to look at where the, you see a pink fire here. Okay. So what is a pink fire for this person? Rockwell. 

Rockwell stands for what? Do you still remember? What is Rockwell stands for? Yes. Correct. So for this person is branding. 

Now look back at your own chart, check for next year what you should do and type in the chat box right now. I want you to practice it. Anything you do, you practice, you own it, right? You just listen passively. 

You won't start. Okay. Now, you know, right? So just like a pink fire. 

How about 2027? You know, 227 is a, is a, is a thing way, right? 227 is a thing fire on top. So yeah. So for this person, 2026 is here.

2027 is here and so on to it and so on. Okay. So you might go through two years is the same.

So it's very clear. Okay. So for me, for me is, uh, my day master is a pink fire. 

When I, next year is a pink fire, right? So I see a friend. What would you advise me to do next year? I'm a friend element. I see another friend branding. 

Okay. So guess what I go to do next year? Yeah. I'll do, I'll focus a lot of my energy into branding if possible.

Okay. Yeah. Basically what I'm telling you, I following it. 

Okay. Yeah. So how many of you here, you also a pink fire or a pink fire, right? You see that the next two years, you know, the way to maximize your wealth potential is through branding. 

Isn't it easy? Yeah. Rather than read or there's a clash, there's an emptiness. There's an inner combination.

There's a tree harmony. No need to, once you do that, you're wasting your time. And the only thing you cannot buy back is all the time you lost on comp, you complexify everything. 

Have you heard, uh, uh, have you been in a conversation with a wise people and you realize all the solution is very simple. So basic, but profoundly effective. Yeah. 

But you ask for those people that, that don't know much, they give you 10 suggestion. You also don't know which one is which the more you hear, the more you confuse. You have say something like depends on what you like. 

You know, if you do this also good, do that also good. So in the end, you're hearing nothing. Okay. 

A wise person will tell something for you to think about and awaken inside you. Right? So reading also the same, but if you are someone that need all the confirmation in the chart, ensure that it's a perfect, there are no flaws in it. You can wait forever as if they want to go from your house to a destination to wait until all the traffic light is green. 

No way. Okay. So you need to know every time you dock, you try to think over you, you, you're actually wasting time and you cannot get it back. 

That's a problem. All right. So therefore this is the part here.

So Raymond Lim asked, can we create value by investing? Investing I'm going to talk about tomorrow. Okay. Because investing is money work hard for you. 

It's no you create value. You guys, yeah, there must be a process. All right. 

Yeah. That is important. Raymond Lim, don't worry. 

I'm going to cover it tomorrow. You remind me again, just in case I forget. Unlikely I will, but just for you to feel better. 

I allow you to remind me again, Raymond. Okay. Don't worry. 

It's part of here. I'm going to talk, I'm going to deliver the investment part. Yeah. 

But not now. Why? Wrong timing, wrong sequence. Yeah. 

That's why when we putting a cost, there must be a sequence. There be a right number to dial to get to the receiver you want to talk to. Okay. 

All right. So now I also saw some of you just now you make a request of this. Okay. 

This one. Okay. Can you guys send this to them? Chapter two just now. 

Do you want this? All right. What do you create? What do you sell? This also super important. I, yeah, you should have this as well. 

So the amount each in your memory, you want to exercise this. Okay. Sell and create. 

I remember this. You can do, but what if these two elements are also the same? Yeah. Remember just now, the year I present what to sell. 

Right. And then what, then what if these two element also the same, which means what you can do both. Yeah. 

You do your, it's like someone that marketing that cafe. They also the chef, you know, they can do two things at the same time. Yeah. 

Some people have this capability to do it. How many of you have both? Also the same. Yeah. 

Okay. Good. So which means one decade. 

Yeah. One decade means you do everything. Yeah. 

Who asked everything you also know to do, you know, to create also know how to sell. Yeah. It's a destiny in Cantonese. 

We call this low look, man, you know, as low look, man, laborious life, because you know, everything, somehow you feel like you want to do everything because no one are better than you. Right. Because it's part of your competence box.

That's the thing. Okay. Good. 

All right. So now I'm going to allocate like five to 10 minutes here for a Q and A. Okay. So now you can ask me questions if you want related has to be related to chapter number one and two. 

How about chapter three? Some of you might ask. No, because I haven't teach chapter three yet. Okay. 

All right. So, okay. Aruna asks for manifestation.

What if it's done on achievement? Don't worry about it. You think too much. Okay. 

Because you manifest on your destiny chart, destiny chart, there are no negative or positive. It's only whether it aligned to your, what you want about. Yeah. 

For example, destiny chart, you see a gun metal. It doesn't mean bad. Because remember chapter number one, we talk about our destiny chart to do manifestation. 

So you need not to worry about Yin, Fan, Fan, Yin, Fan, Fan, whatever Fan or Yin. Don't worry. Okay. 

Let's see here. Chapter number one. Achievement. 

Should I apply NO10 god star with achievement destiny? No. Why do you want to make things so complicated? Saikan? Okay. I think life is already complicated.

Some more you want to overlay the NO. No. Overlay so many things, right? Does not mean it's good.

Right. Okay. So don't think like that. 

I just want to overlay a piece of pizza with hamburger and then with something so many salad or whatever, it become mixed. So your result become mixed. You cannot track results. 

Yeah. One thing I realized that a lot of people think combination makes the result more powerful. No. 

I know all of us here attracted to, if I can link Pazhi with achievement with Feng Shui, with date selection, with Yijing, then it will become powerful. It just create a good story to hear about. Oh, okay. 

Now it makes sense connecting. But actually it does nothing. But if you like to watch movie, you enjoy drama, you go to that direction. 

Yeah. So what you want to focus on 20 and 80%, we only focus on things that matter. One punch, if you're able to beat your opponent down is the best technique.

Okay. Have you heard about the one punch technique by Bruce Lee? Yeah. That's all. 

One blow that good enough to kill someone. Yeah. So you're crushing it that way.

Are you guys okay with this? Yeah. Otherwise, right. There's so many fear in Pazhi.

Oh, I see emptiness. Oh, I will say, you don't notice there's a D. I notice I just ignore. Can you ignore something? Yes. 

Why not? You wouldn't come up from the people and kill you or something, right? So when you ignore something, you focus, then you're able to create results. Yeah. Okay. 

So you think about this, right? A lot of people ask me, Hey, I was in, because there was a time I'm in, uh, uh, you know, a lot, a lot of talks, right? After the talk, a lot of people queuing up and then they're asking me questions. And so there are one time here, there's like hundreds of people. They're queuing up one by one, you know, how tiring it is.

Almost. I want to help them because my topic, they're talking about entrepreneurship. So the thing here is every time they ask me a question, I wasn't, can I, uh, according to my chart, can I, should I start a business or not? And every time I see the chart, I'll say no.

And then my assistant is just next to me after like half an hour. I keep saying, no, actually, my job is pretty easy. You know, I just say, no, no, no, no. 

He said, I was in, do you actually look at that chart? Although you're pretending like you're looking, but actually you're not, I was in, you know, what's happening here. Then I tell them, no, it's not like that. I say that those people who want to start a business won't ask that question.

Do you realize this? They won't. Anyone that says, should I start a business means that they are not ready. From that question alone, we can tell one, you know, right? So when someone they're obsessive, that's why it's the focus point. 

So when we look at BaZi also the same, if you want something, you focus on it. We don't care. We want to get results, right? We know that life is not perfect.

You don't think next thing you will got headache or something are not working your way. They'll always be. So if the safest one you want is you don't go out, that's the safest.

So after you get old, people ask you, what's your achievement? I'm very safe. Nothing bad happened to me. Is that what achievement you want? Then you guys can do it. 

But now, can you okay to have some courage to apply BaZi? If you don't have courage, you cannot make money. I'm sorry. The difference between someone that make more money than you is not because they're brighter than you. 

It's just that the courage to start something and ignore something that is not important. It seems like terrible, but it's not. Okay. 

All right. Now, so, and let me ask, answer cheat. Cheater wiki. 

Is Anita chart is low, luck pillar is average and Anna chart is fast? Does money mean super fast? Okay. I already addressed the Monday question already. So you watch the replay. 

All right. Because the month basically talking about month selection to execute activities. It shouldn't use to determine direction of what you should do every year. 

Do you understand guys? Do you understand or not? I know a lot of people. How about the month? Month basically is about which one is better to do something, but what is the something has to determine by the year, not the month. Okay. 

All right. Cool. So let's see what other question. 

Okay. Kieran told us if next year fire is heavy and my day master is paying fire tips on how not to overburden. Who say you get overburden Kieran? No, you won't. 

Yeah. This is not the real fire, you know, Kieran. So if you see fire, what does it mean? It means that, you know, branding, yeah. 

Making, making more friends that what you should do. Don't worry. You won't get burned.

If you really cannot, you still worry. I advise you to apply some sunscreen. Okay.

And you're fine. Don't worry. You won't get burned that way. 

Okay. So let's see. Okay. 

Karen Bonora asks, I'm still not clear how to transform what to create and what to sell meaning from original. This one, you need to watch replay at this problem. So first of all, what to sell and what to do, it depends on the value box. 

Okay. Let me show you this. You, for example, if this is a chart, you want to know what to sell, you look at here, then you refer back to the five slides, sorry, 10 slides I sent to you. 

You look at it. Okay. And if you want to know what to create, what to learn, what skill to acquire, you look at the month pillar because it tells you what to create. 

Then you look back at the same slide, but you look from the angle to learn the skill. Okay. What to sell, you look at the year. 

Okay. Understand. Okay. 

So Karen say, yes, but example is DR is teaching. Yes, exactly. So DR is teaching is like this. 

If you, if you are, if your DR is in your month means you acquired teaching skill, you'd be a consultant. You can be a speaker, anything that got to do with exchange knowledge to others. Information is power to you. 

But if this resource element, that resource is in what to sell. So let's say I'm a teacher right now. You're helping me to sell Born for Wealth program. 

How about that? Karen Bonora. Yeah. So now you're helping a teacher because you sell.

Okay. So like that. Understand Karen. 

Okay. Cherry Ng asked about investment again. I haven't thought about investment. 

Okay. Don't jump first. Otherwise you get confused.

Now we're talking about how wealth creation happened. I was talking about how to grow what you have yet. Okay. 

Cherry Ng. Can you wait until tomorrow? Chapter number six, pages number five. Next, next tomorrow. 

Be patient. Okay. Lina Chua asked, can you upload the five heavenly moves slide? Already uploaded. 

Okay. Check again. Okay. 

Josephine asked me, can I get the presentation slide is from the Telegram channel. Okay. So now this question from Sony, I have a D O for selling it and difficult for me to see with my EG in my mind.

Can you please help me, Iverson? So if it's difficult, then don't do. Okay. Don't blame the EG in your mind. 

EG is innocent. Yeah. It's very simple in life. 

I know you do or you don't. Yeah. Like ask someone to be a speaker. 

You say, Oh, but I don't like to be, I don't like to talk. I'm low profile. Then don't do. 

Okay. I don't want you guys to think like is forcing you to do something. Right. 

Just give you a suggestion. Remember it's a council. It's kind enough and good enough to tell you information. 

If you don't like, it's fine. Yeah. Because even you don't listen, the puzzle is not that revengeful that you're going to actually, you get struck by lightning or something. 

No. Okay. Yeah. 

It just means that it's just telling you that is the maximum path you can create. Okay. I do have the fear.

No, it's fine. But it's very forgiving. If it's a person, right. 

It's someone that they don't care. You do whatever you like. Okay. 

Yeah. I, my job here is to give you advice. You deal with that part. 

Okay. Do becoming a pioneer means don't start something, which is new, not done by others. Yes. 

It's better get someone do first. Yeah. Don't be impulsive. 

If the thing haven't done before. Ask your friend to do it first. Okay. 

Okay. Joy Chan asked, how would you advise a teenager student on the value creation and self-creation? The same way I talked to you just now. Just give them the paper. 

I slide, you share. I just share with you. Search on the job street or whatever job search website. 

And then the job will come out, ask them to apply there. Okay. Kyoko asked, what if you're already a pioneer? Okay. 

How do you know you're a pioneer? Okay. I don't, I don't understand the question, right? What if you're already a pioneer, which means that in the future, you want to be a pioneer or what? Okay. You rephrase your question.

Okay. Sharon asked on the point, don't chase wealth. Would us using Chinese metaphysics focus on wealth be chasing wealth? No. 

Right. Don't chase wealth means that the nine to five job is not longer popular. That's what it means, right? Chinese Feng Shui or whatever can use to create wealth. 

Don't confuse between two, right? When I say don't chase wealth, because the wealth element is missing in the chart. So which means that the nine to five kind of nature doesn't, it's kind of obsolete. And eventually if you don't have a second income job, you have problems.

Okay. Kyoto asked, we already pioneered with all companies since three years ago. It's good.

All right. Now is what happened from now onwards. Whatever you use to get, you get to keep.

Because 2026 don't happening yet. So when I say don't be the first one is on 2026 onwards, it doesn't erase what you did previously. Okay. 

Kyoto, don't worry about it. All right. Okay.

Gina asked, does being a self-employed also fall under nine to five? No. All right. Self-employed depends how you run it. 

Well, self-employed the word actually is a very subjective. So basically nine to five is someone control you. You need to report from nine to five. 

You trade using hours. Self-employed means you don't exchange your time with money because you can earn more than that because you have the power to choose. Because you're trading performance for money. 

You're not trading time for money. Okay. But nine to five job, whether you like it or not, money are nine to five. 

You need to be there. And almost every month, you know, how much roughly you're going to earn. And then after one year, you know, roughly going to earn. 

Right. But if you're self-employed, yeah, then you choose to do what maybe one day you just do one hour, but your one hour equivalent to one year of your nine to five job. Okay. 

But now the point here is Gina, the chart does not say you should resign and do a self-employed job. The chart doesn't say that. They just say that, get another part-time business to do. 

Everyone clear on this? Not only Gina, I'm glad you asked this question because a lot of people, then they say the chart no wealth element means that they need to resign. No, it's the worst thing to do. Yeah. 

Because Apple, the fire element is so strong, everyone impulsive, they just resign, resign, resign. Then after that, they regret. Okay. 

Connie Yup say, what if the company always focusing on the first to start a trend, then you're shorting their stocks. Okay. You make money.

Although this is not, right. If you know the company is doing something, you check, right. If you know they're heading in the wrong direction.

Okay. They spend a lot of money. It's trying to be the first. 

So sometimes they've got this problem. Okay. You know, stock, you can make money. 

Not only the stock is increased, right. You can make money while the stock is decreasing as well. Okay, good. 

Now let's start the, this topic here is about, uh, timing. How have you liked the concept of timing that, you know, that, you know, by just working hard, that's not, uh, the only factor you also need to do it at the right time. Right. 

So, and therefore we're going to talk about this in this, uh, chapter number three. So before that, I know some of you just joining in. So this is a telegram channel. 

You just, uh, scan and you're good to go. All right. So five seconds, five, four, three, two, one done. 

Okay. So now on this chapter number three, let me, uh, show you where we are. We just are on the early 6 PM. 

Just now we thought about chapter number one, unlocking the gates of heavenly wealth. And then chapter number two, just thought about seven figure wealth creation blueprint, which is a heaven council, which means that you taking advice and now you know your value, everything you're prepared. Then we lead to the seven wealth figure blueprint is still the same under the same category, but we're talking about wealth timing. 

Okay. And timing, as you know, that is super important. Yeah. 

There's always a timing for everything. When we say, uh, timing, means universe time. For example, something you cannot force, right? You want to get, you want to have a baby, you know, with an, an, at least seven months, for example, right? So you cannot force something. 

So by doing things at the right time, you feel empowered, you are supported and you can multiply the rewards. So basically that is the power of timing. So this is under the heaven realm of it. 

And in metaphysics, this is something that a lot of people, uh, metaphysics guy, I'll emphasize a lot into it. Okay. So now how do we do this here is I want all of you here, uh, to take out your pattern chart. 

So I want you to actually look at, uh, this thing called, I will introduce you one concept here is called celestial wealth. Okay. So before I talk more about it, I wanted to know if you know, you know, how to catch the wealth signal. 

Yeah. Like things is coming your way. Opportunity is coming. 

How many of you have this instinct? You know, it's coming. You don't know why sometimes, you know, okay. In Cantonese, we call it, it's coming. 

Nowadays, there's one rapper say that, right? So some people have this, but 95% of people cannot feel it. If you have it is good. So this chapter is about timing. 

It's about identifying the wealth signal from the heaven. Okay. So when we know even better before it comes with Bazaar, you can, uh, you can do it. 

And you're going to know it after this session already. The, the importance of timing is that is a lot of time. Uh, people talk about success happened when preparation meet opportunities, right? Have you heard about this? So, and another way I'm telling you here is fortune happens when preparation meets wealth timing. 

Yeah. There are such thing called the wealth timing. So the first one I'm going to talk about here, there are two powerful techniques that I'm going to share with you. 

The first one is called celestial wealth. So let me explain to you what celestial wealth is. Let me show you the slide first, something like this. 

Okay. So let's show wealth. So celestial wealth here is, um, it's something that is rare. 

First of all, that's why I tell you something is powerful. All right. It's very powerful. 

The name itself is also know, right? Celestial. Come on. So it's not only for money timing is also a time when you receive Norman help wealth opportunities that flow naturally into your life. 

I'm not saying everyone get those timing, but if you have it, I want you to actually focusing on those time. Okay. So now the whole concept of celestial actually are based on this concept. 

Let me show you again. What do you see here? Triangle. Okay. 

So this is, uh, in metaphysics, we call this, uh, what heaven of men align in this West. How many of you here are in Western astrology? Type the word me if you're into Western astrology as well. Okay, good. 

So you might have heard about the three planets roughly in 120 degrees apart. You form a triangle, right? And there's a special phenomenon. So therefore, and also if you look at pyramid, how many of you went to Egypt before you thought about that trying is a triangle alignment, right? The triangle is alignment. 

The pyramid itself is manifestation is a realization. So, which means the concept of this triangle or the great trying is actually is being applied across. Uh, I mean, different civilization in summary, when you see something form, a triangle is about alignment is about the birth or creation and is stabilized because the triangle mean everything is stable and that's where growth happened. 

So when the group happened is not something like just for one night or overnight success, this is something you can carry on for a very long time. So it's stable. Okay. 

So therefore in this, uh, this election, a lot of people actually do this, that regard this as a special day. Yeah. Some of this.

So how do this work here? Let me introduce you to how do you see when this celestial wealth is coming. So first of all, I want you to do one thing. You look at your day master.

What element is your day master type in the chat box quickly. By now you should know by heart, right? You need not to look at your chart again. Okay, good. 

So now there are 10 possibility. Remember I sent you a slide on, uh, on chapter number one, there are five elements, each element got, um, yin and yang. So made of 10, right? So right now I want you to disregard whether it's yin or yang, either your fire, either your water, metal, wood, or earth. 

So only possible five elements. So now I go to show you this chart first. Don't worry. 

I'm going to send to you shortly, but listen first. Okay. So now if your day master is fire, let's say, uh, I don't care whether it's yin or yang, as long as fire element, your celestial element is snake, rooster, and ox. 

If you learn Pazhi before, these are the three harmony. When you see a snake, rooster, and ox together, you form the triangle. If you look at 24 mountain, you know, so this, uh, you form a triangle there. 

Okay. So if you don't know Pazhi before, it's fine. Yeah. 

Now you have this table. That's all you need. So how many of you here, your day master is wood, either is yin or yang. 

Okay, good. So now your celestial wealth is tiger, horse, and dog. Okay, cool. 

All right. So now guys, can you send this, uh, powerful slide to them? Okay. Do you receive it? Let me check first. 

Otherwise you cannot concentrate. Right. Let me check for you. 

Oh, now that's just sent to you. Okay. You have it. 

So you're not going to missing out anything now. How do we get this? Okay. Let me explain the concept.

Animal sign in Pazhi represent timing. Yeah. I remember this. 

Yeah. Why the animal sign exists in the chart? It represent timing because the animal sign will tell you which season you're born, which element is strong in your chart based on the season. So you're talking about date selection, animal sign also important. 

So which means, uh, the thing here is if you are fire, when you see this tree element appearing, it form the celestial wealth. Yeah. The concept is the same. 

So if water, if you see this tree element together, you also, uh, it give you, that is the time where the celestial wealth come. Metal, they need this tree together. Wood, you need this tree together. 

And then the earth, you need this, uh, tree together as well. Okay. All right. 

So, um, some of you ask why these two is the same is supposed to be the same. Okay. Don't, you need to concentrate. 

Okay. Instead of listening, you go and compare which one is different, which one is the same. I know it's the same and it's supposed to be like that.

Okay. You know why? Because there are only four seasons. There are no earth season. 

Yeah. That is the explanation. So the earth season is actually the summer season because summer fire is strong. 

Earth equally is strong. Okay. That is a technical explanation, but it's irrelevant.

All right. You should focus on what I'm telling you. Now we're going to find out which one is different, whether it's a mistake or not. 

Why we waste energy doing this? Okay, guys. Yeah. You must have faith. 

You know, it's not like, Oh, I get the information wrong. No, no. You're getting everything exactly right. 

Okay. If you're like that, you're very stressed in your life. You know, everything also must have faults. 

So Angelica say, I don't understand. Don't worry. That question is not, the answer is not for you because someone asked why this and this is the same. 

Some people ask this question. They notice this, right? So I explain to those people. Okay. 

So Angelica, you don't understand is fine because it does not change or the way you benefit from today's session. Okay. So the one who is the one asking the question just now about this now, do you know the answer? Okay. 

So it's because there are only four seasons, so there are no earth season. Therefore we use the summer season applied to wood. If you don't understand this, the rest of you, it's fine. 

That is for to help who answered this. Okay. Chantry. 

All right. Okay. Good. 

Now more important is how to use it. Now we'll share with you how to use it. You got this table already? Type the word. 

Yes. You've got this table. Okay, good. 

So now let's move on. I will go through one by one. I don't worry today. 

I discover I'm very patient. So I will address each of the five day master because normally I just address one day master. Then that's it. 

Okay. Now, fire element. How many of you here? Hold on. 

Let me just share it again. This is for all the day master. If you're okay. 

What am I? Hold on. Hold on. Just give me a sec. 

Okay. Ready now. I bring back the slide again.

So now this is for those people who are Yang fire. Okay. Yang fire. 

Right? So these three elements, you know, I just derived from the chart, make it easier. So you need not to go back and forth to refer to this information. Okay. 

For this three. So which means if you're Yang fire, you need to see this. Let's say right now you have a ox here.

Let's say imagine. So this one already fulfilled, right? Okay, cool. So, and let's say right now you're going through a rooster. 

Oh, it's too small. Can I put KFC here? Kentucky Fried Chicken. Okay. 

So you see a rooster here. Now, second one, this one is done. Now what is missing here? What is missing? Snake, right? So what if this year 2025, isn't it a snake year? So you get three.

So for this person here, 2025 is where he met Celestial Wealth timing. Super powerful year. What if he did nothing few years before? What happened? What if he did nothing? He's very lazy. 

He didn't get preparation. What will happen to that? Nothing. Yeah. 

They see opportunities, but it just pass them by as if they are not there. Okay. But if you know this earlier, can you prepare or not? Yes, it is. 

Okay. So here it form a triangle. Everyone clear? Okay. 

Let me give another scenario here. What if this person got ox, got KFC. I just put a rooster. 

It's too long already. And then they got two already. Let's say what is missing? Snake, right? So if this year is a snake year, 2025 is a snake.

So can you form a, uh, these three element together? Yes. Okay. This way here, can you bypass the lock pillar? Yes. 

You bypass the lock pillar because you already have two here, right? You just need one more. Snake year. Some people, they have two in their chart. 

How good of you here? You are your fire day master. You already have two in your pattern chart. Any of these three, you already have two. 

Cut the word me. Okay. So if you already have two, let's say you have ox, you have rooster.

So all you need, all the snake year is good for you. You should plan already. Good. 

Okay. But now the criteria here is one of these must be in your natal chart first, any of these three. Otherwise you need not to analyze already. 

You won't have it. Okay. So let's say this person is fire and then the chart, this is monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey.

Will this person have celestial wealth or not? Will this person? No, because the first criteria, the first way to analyze one of these three celestial wealth has to be in your chart first. One, if don't have, need not to analyze. It's not part of the destiny is fine. 

There are so many wealth method. They are later going to introduce another wealth method for you. So this one is not for you. 

So you want to know the solution. If you don't have any of this, you want to know the solution. Okay. 

Very simple, yet very powerful. Accept it and move forward. The best solution ever. 

If you start saying, telling everyone, you are the victim here, why I don't have this, you're wasting your time. You should use your time, use other method. Okay.

All right. Write it down. Yeah. 

This is a 1 million worth of solution for you. Accept it and move on. Okay. 

Now, what if, what if you have snake, you have rooster, you have snake, you have rooster, and then you see an ox here. Can I form one? Yes. Okay. 

So can I say that these 10 years got big opportunity come or a big, big true coming? Yes. Yes. So the only criteria here is one of this and either this, this, or this has to be in your chart first. 

That's it. That's the only requirement. If not, you are not part of this slasher wealth destiny and it's perfectly fine.

Okay. So now some of you say, if I don't have it in the year, can I look at the month? No. Maximum is year. 

Okay. So basically it's a natal chart, luck pillar and the year. You zoom down there, cannot. 

So Lily, they say, if I got two snake here, is it considered one animal sign or is it considered two? One. Because it's still a same family member. I know some, some of you might think, right, I got two snake here. 

I got, then I got rooster. Is it four? No, it's just two, right? Snake, rooster. You need another ox here Lily. 

I cannot cheat the system. Lily, I know you are very intelligent. Okay. 

Okay. Kyoto say I'm in acceptance. Very good. 

Okay. So now, so the, the, in summary, the tree need to present to four months. Okay. 

Alicia asked, how about this tree also in the chart? This one means that you have a great destiny in terms of wealth. How many of you have three together in a chart? Basically you can lock off right now. Okay. 

You don't need to attend this anymore. Okay. Yeah. 

So this is, um, is powerful. So which means you carry a huge burden as if like you need to outperform your previous generation and with more ability come with more responsibility. Right. 

So if you have three, there's no reason at all. You are poor. There's no reason. 

I'm acceptable to be poor. Right. So which means if you have three, you're so poor, whose fault is this? You. 

Some things, how you mess it up and the sin is unforgiven. Okay. I'm not that scary. 

All right. But you know that you have three is quite, it's kind of like a special chart already. Okay. 

So it's good if I have three, but also normally those people that go through a life is very high responsive. They actually carry a huge burden that take care of their family and everything. So that consider one of the special chart. 

Okay. And normally they are a bit extreme. Okay, cool. 

So I think you get the meaning here, right? So let me just clear this. Let's move to the next one. Water also the same. 

If you're water, I won't repeat everything. So if you're water, it means that if you see any of those, just like just now, you see a dog, a horse or tiger, you can form it. Like for example, you have a dog here and then you got this tiger and then 2026 is what animal signs? Horse. 

Triangle. So you can say, Hey, if you discover someone got this kind of chart, how many of you have this kind of formation? Because you know, next year will be a horse. You just need a dog and tiger to fulfill it. 

Okay. David, Zach. I saw Zach, David here. 

Okay. You have it, right? So, and then Mondry say your one is 2027 is fine. So what is your next step? Become good friend of David. 

And then Mondry says is 2027. After that only talk to Mondry. This is priority setting. 

Pralukas say, uh, month is not included. No, month pillar is not included. Okay. 

Yeah. So David, it's your time. Let's show wealth. 

So I am, I'm glad that you actually attended today's program. So you know something you can do to work on it. Somehow I think you're blessed in one way. 

I think you align or you sing with the heaven energy. Okay. You know, it takes so many things to happen for you to be here. 

And yet you have it and you receive this information in very timely way, because it's just like next year haven't happened yet. And you still have time to prepare for it. I don't think it's easy. 

I think God must love you very much, David. Okay. You're a darling from Moscow. 

All right, cool. Guys, the rest of you, do you see this? Yeah. Yeah. 

This is, uh, uh, slash your wealth. Okay. Now I think you sort of like getting it already. 

I won't, I won't go through the rest of it here. So let me just, unless there's something you don't understand, you can ask me. Okay. 

The rest is basically, okay. Logis run. How about horse? Lockpillar is tiger and I'm missing tiger. 

No, you cannot. Right. If your current lockpillar is tiger, then you're not missing tiger. 

You're missing dog. Right. Okay. 

So if I'm missing the dog means that you wait for the dog. Yeah. Okay. 

Not getting a dog as a pet. All right. I know some people are crazy. 

They're doing this now. Okay. Wait for the dog. 

Yeah. Then you become super powerful. Okay. 

Logis run say 2030. Okay. Wow. 

You need just another five years. Come on. All right. 

Okay. It's fine. Okay, cool. 

I think you guys understand this. Okay. I, I Vinash asked, is it has to be present lockpillar? Yes. 

Has to be present lockpillar. Okay. For example, it's a very good question. 

Let's say you have a dog here. For example, you have a dog here and then you have a tiger here. Let's say. 

So now you're not there. You cannot consider this. You only consider what is inside here. 

Okay. Good. So you always, it's a very good question. 

We always look at the current lockpillar animal sign. Everyone clear? Guys. Yeah. 

This is so important. Now I'm teaching you. This is a one Stanley. 

Okay. Not a lot of people get access to this. If they have to access on this, that pays, I don't know how much you're going to pay for this. 

So it's worth your time to track it. If you're able to track this, you're powerful because you're forming the triangle of wealth where the heaven, earth, and men align. Okay. 

You, you, have you read a book called Darbin Seafood? Read it before? Dan Brown, is it the author? Have you read that book before? You look at his harmony combination. That's where it lead to breakthrough of his career. You look at it.

Are you later on? Not now. You try to plot Dan Brown pattern. Okay, cool. 

All right. I don't think I need to go through the remaining two element, right? It's the same thing. It's just the special element is different. 

Okay, cool. All right. So now I know that some of you here don't have this special element. 

How many of you here, you don't have this special element? Okay. And you start to almost want to cry already. Okay. 

So now you say, why me? Right. Don't worry. Don't worry. 

Okay. So if special element or the heaven element doesn't work, how about, how about we do the man realm? How about that? Okay. The man realm. 

Yeah. Man realm is also a very powerful technique. And in order to do that, I want to explain, okay, let me show you this chart first. 

I want you to download this chart. Guys, can you send this to them first or not? Now you need not to think anything. All right. 

Just download. That's it. So at least you can concentrate on what I'm going to say. 

Okay. When you have this, it's like this. In wealth element, let me show the chart again.

When we study wealth, wealth is the element you control. Now remember this, because for making money, you need to control it, right? So you need to own something you need to control. That's why on chapter number one, IW and DW is ownership. 

You don't control. So if you are a fire, if your fire element, which means your, what fire control? Fire control metal. Basically any element you control is, is, is your wealth. 

So if you're fire, when you see metal, it's wealth. Okay. So if you're water, water control what? Water control fire, right? So if you're water, day master, you see fire also wealth for you.

Okay. This is no longer celestial wealth. All right. 

This one is a man realm. Because you're so depressed about celestial wealth, you don't have it. Now this is a chance for you to revenge. 

Okay. This is your comeback moment. Better listen carefully.

And this is your only chance. There are no backup method already, either celestial or man. Okay.

So if your metal, metal control wood, so therefore when you see wood, it become your wealth. So do the wood control earth. So therefore this is your wealth element. 

So if your earth, you see water also wealth element. Okay. Everyone okay with this? You need not to remember.

You just know that wealth signal or wealth element is the element you control. If you forget about this, just refer back to your Telegram app. So now, let me show you this. 

Once you're ready on this, imagine, imagine this is your chart and where is your day master? Here. Okay. Your day master is here, right? What is this element is? Water. 

If you don't know, pay attention. This one here, it says water, right? Okay, cool. So now based on the chart, if you're water person, what element you control? Water control fire. 

So if you see fire, is it a wealth time for you? Timing for you? Is it a wealth signal? Yes, it is. So if I actually look at here, since it's fire, so can I put the word fire here? You see how I put it here? Okay. So I put the word fire here, right? So why I want to do this? So it's become easy for me to remember because we are beginner. 

Of course, when we see this or if you learn Pazer before, you automatically know, right? But this is a new format I'm asking you to do. I want you to actually write it down at the top. So, which means every time you see fire is represent your wealth. 

That's why I put it here. Everyone okay? You just look at the chart. Okay, now, do you know like for 2026, 2026 is a fire horse, right? So is this person, because this is fire, it's very strong.

So is this person wealth year in 2026? Yes or no? How do you know? Because I written fire here. Shortcut. So this year you have fire means or this fire, right? Confirm 2026 is your wealth year. 

So how many of you here your day master is water? A lot of wealth timing. Okay, now I will become your best friend also. Nice. 

Okay, so this is the concept when someone say you see wealth element or is the timing is there. Okay, so now some of you here your day master is different, right? Maybe you don't see the wealth element. Okay, let's say I erase this.

I look back here. Water, let's say that year is not fire element. Let's say now is fire. 

Let's talk about this, let's check a little bit. Okay, let's say the year is full of water element. Let's say, so regardless, I just made it up. 

Let's say around 2020. So water year, does this person see wealth? See wealth or not? No, right? Cannot see wealth, right? So now this person is what? Screwed. Okay, game over. 

In the old days, people will tell you what? Will tell you that this is not your wealth year. So what is the solution normally you get? Either go study, rest for a year, relax, wait for better years. Is it common? Okay, so this makes us to think, right? If I need to wait, it's not the best strategy. 

You look at all the successful people. Are they going to wait like two years just to rest and then go back to hustle again? No, to them, this is a stupid idea, right? So now, therefore, there's some people that give this kind of advice. And therefore, a lot of business people, they cannot connect with that.

They can't relate. How can they ask me to stay low profile for two years? Don't stay two years. Even one month, if you do nothing, you're out of business, isn't it? So therefore, it raised a concept about this. 

Have you heard about the multiple personality disorder? When someone can have two characters or three characters within them? Have you heard about this? Okay, right. And the part that intriguing is every time they shift from one character to another, let's say one character is Alex and then another character is Mary. Every time they switch character, not only their personality change, but their body composition, their health also change.

Maybe Alex has got a vision issue, and then when he becomes Mary, suddenly, he has perfect eyesight. Or maybe Mary has got this high blood pressure issue, but when they shift character to Alex, the blood pressure is normal. Do you know about this? Which means the moment they switch their personality,