How are you guys doing today? Good? Haven't got a nice rest yesterday? Do you guys sleep well? Type the word yes if you sleep well yesterday. You sleep like a baby. Wow, good. 

Okay. Yeah, but not my team. The team here, actually, yesterday, they are barely sleeping because they tried to help all of you here.

You know what happened yesterday, right? Yeah, they want to register for the program but somehow they cannot get in and then they sent a long message to the team here so they work around the clock just to help you guys fix the problem. So I've been told that it's already fixed, right? For everyone here? Okay. Yeah, because yesterday they are so stressed.

They told me I got so many messages coming in and they don't know what to do. Yeah, pity them. But I'm sure I'm going to buy them a special dinner after today's program.

Okay. For all of you guys here, if you are... Yes, how many of you here already are joining yesterday's program? Type the word me. Yeah, let me check out.

Yeah, to ensure that all of you here actually... Wow, okay, so many of you here. Good. Okay, don't worry.

I'm going to ensure everyone here are properly taken care of, you know? So if anything, just talk to the team. I think we have... Let me see how... Okay, they are Kerry, SK, Dyson, Steph, William. All right, all of them here are able to help you with any questions.

You just talk to message any one of them there. Then, yeah, they are more than happy to help you out here. Okay, so now for yesterday, I know some... How many of you here, you didn't attend yesterday's session? You didn't attend? And you... Or maybe you totally forgotten your talk today is day one.

Okay, all right. So if you do, if you are... That category is fine, all right? Because later on, we're going to release the seven-day replay. You're going to watch it.

You're not missing out anything. And the way I design it, you need not to know chapter... Day one chapters for you to understand day two, all right? You're all good. For chapter one, you fill in the missing part.

You're going to watch the replay. Are you guys okay with that? Okay, all right. So let me see.

Okay, good. At least you're relaxed. Otherwise, you feel like, okay, yeah, I am... You feel like you're not belong here because other people learn so much.

No, all right. That's the reason I organize chapter by chapter. So first thing first today, what is the most popular question people ask? Is what is the telegram channel? Yeah, that's the most important question ever.

And that's an easy question, right? Okay, there you go. If you are new or you didn't attend yesterday, now I give 10 seconds. Okay, screen time here.

So this is the code you're going to do actually to scan. Or you don't know how to scan QR code. Look at the chat box right now.

Carrie actually posted the link there. All right. This is the telegram channel for Born for Wealth.

This is not my telegram channel, my official one. This is specific for Born for Wealth students. But I noticed a lot of people asking questions in the public or my public telegram channel.

And I decided not to reply. Otherwise, it's not fair to the students, right? Some of you ask questions about the courses and all the info you learned yesterday. Everything will be... All the slides will be sent through this dedicated channel.

Only for Born for Wealth students. But what if you're not Born for Wealth students and you actually join his channel? Whatever you apply won't work for you, okay? Yeah, this is something that I've been experimenting since the last manifestation. Yeah, I created this on coming day.

I know some people, right? They buy this program and then they actually resell it to their own member. This is not something good to do. I don't endorse that.

Yeah, basically, you know, they do a pirated version of this. Yeah, this is not something new to me. I mean, since I'm teaching Period 9 in 2019, I saw that.

Yeah, there are a lot of students come to me and tell me, I would say, do you know that someone actually teaching your content? Yeah, so of course, I can do it in a more forceful way. You know, all these legal letters. But so far right now, I didn't do that.

But let's see how. Later in the future. But for now, everyone good for today? Okay, good.

Now, so just now I also noticed some of you asking about the Pazer chart for 2026, right? Don't worry. Yeah, you're gonna get one. Yeah, probably in chapter number 5 later.

There are some of you yesterday. I promised you to give you chapter, the Pazer of 2026, right? Don't worry. I saw just now Karin Ng.

Are you there, Karin Ng? Yeah, so I still remember it. Okay, don't worry about it. It comes through the right time.

You'll get it. Yeah, I need to need to align with that or synchronize with the heaven's rhythm first. All right.

Okay, so now. So Anna say that we are born to love students. Otherwise, we won't be here to join the Telegram channel.

Yes, all of you here are here. Yeah, but some people, they copy the link and then they send to other students. Yeah, some people like that.

I don't know why. I mean, I'm not saying all of you here. Some people are somehow able to get the link and then they just spread.

And yeah, that's the reason. Of course, we can do another precaution is to give you password. But I think so.

I think right now I don't try to restrict too much for all of you here to join to make it easier for you. So we have a good faith in all our students here, all of you here. All right.

Okay, so now. Let me just give you some recap about what we are doing yesterday. Okay, this is the roadmap of Born for Wealth.

Yesterday, we talked about three chapters. It will be the first one will be unlocking the gates of heavenly wealth. Second chapter, the seven-figure wealth creation blueprint.

One is a heaven council. And then another one is the heaven, the wealth timing or the heavenly timing. So we go through all this.

So basically, yesterday, we talked a lot about the person, right? The talent, the path of wealth. When is the timing come? And now, today, the chapter number four, I will talk about from a different realm, which is the earth realm. Because sometimes, you know, you don't, maybe you hate your partner.

How many of you hate your partner? Some people do, right? How do you know you hate your partner? The more you look at it, the more fearful you are. Okay, internally, you develop resentment with the partner, okay? But how many of you here, the more you read your partner, the more inspired you are, the more energetic you are? Type the word me, if you're those type of person. You start to see so many possibility, I can do something very good.

Okay, so and now let me bring you up this chapter here. Chapter number four is multimillionaire Feng Shui setup, period nine edition. Okay, so today, for chapter number four, I'm going to talk about Feng Shui.

Okay, Feng Shui is a huge subjects. They have more than over 1000 formula of orders. Yeah, but the thing here is, today we will focus on it primarily on wealth and we also focus on speed.

This is important. I know I mentioned several times before that in period nine doesn't recognize you. If you are slow, how many of you here are pretty slow? You make decision very slow.

I need to think about it. Then you need to meditate for five days. And then after that, you do so many divination.

Only you decided like what to eat in the next week. So people do that. Okay, but definitely not you, right? All of you here.

Yeah, you actually, you're very fast. You make decision. You eat fast.

You walk also fast, you know, so everything also fast. Yeah, that is how period nine work. So if you're very slow, somehow period nine will forgot you.

Okay, it seems like you're invisible there. So therefore the technique I'm going to share with you here is something fun. Just like yesterday, right? Remember I keep emphasizing you to use the annual pillar.

All right, why? You need to know why. You don't just follow blindly what I'm going to share, right? So you need to know that we do that. All right, the thing here.

And Kevin Lim say that's why we joined the course in test vote. Yeah, yesterday the payment is test vote. Okay, yeah.

So, but the information and time I share with you is tested. Yeah, I've been starting doing this like 10 years ago. I go through all the hard things.

First, I do all the weightlifting so I can get information presented in a way that consumable. Even you are layman. Okay.

So now let's start this feng shui thing. First of all, we need to know why we use feng shui. Yeah, feng shui is somehow if you think you, or maybe if you hit buzzer, somehow you just hit it.

You don't know why. Or you feel that you already maximize your capacity. You work really hard and you actually achieve a lot.

But it's sort of like hitting the ceiling already. Or you reach a plateau that you know somehow there are something higher that you can achieve or bigger. How many of you have that feeling? You're sort of like now you're hitting the walls already.

You say I work really hard. I give every ounce of my energy. Yeah, you're already at that part.

Yeah, then maybe feng shui can help you. Because feng shui able to open another capacity for you if you already max out. But if you're someone lazy, you haven't maxed out anything.

You do nothing. I'm telling you feng shui cannot help you at all. Even you live in the best feng shui house, because feng shui just amplify what you already have.

This is super important. A lot of people think that the solution to their life is just live in a good feng shui house. No, feng shui amplifies stuff.

If you are lazy, what happens? You live in a good feng shui house. Tell me. Okay.

Think a bit. If you are lazy and you move. Yes, Yaidi mentioned correctly, right? So, for example, what happens when you motivate an idiot? You get what? Motivated idiot.

Is that what you want to be? We don't want, right? Yeah, so therefore I leave this chapter number 4, not on chapter number 1 yesterday. Okay, we don't want to be a motivated idiot. Motivated idiot is dangerous.

They charge on everything. We don't like that. Okay.

So now, when we use feng shui means that you want to have favor from the earth realm. Yesterday, we talked a lot about the heaven realm. So, if you need favor from the earth realm, earth energy, so that's why we use feng shui because the whole function of feng shui is to tap into the earth realm energy.

Remember the cosmic trinity? Yesterday, a lot we focus on the heaven. So, this way focus on the earth realm. So, the earth realm here is something that I will say, let me show you this.

Okay, there you go. Yeah, yes, this is a slide I sent you yesterday, right? So, this now we're talking about feng shui is on the earth realm. And how can actually feng shui works here is it works on the concept of proximity.

Proximity means what is the distance between you and the good energy. So, imagine that if every day, if your house got good energy, and every time you go back, don't you think those good energy will affect you? Within proximity, right? So, the concept of proximity, you are mixed with those energy. Just like your friends, if you within proximity, you mix with a lot of successful people, you become what? On the opposite, you mix with a lot of people that keep draining you down, you won't be successful.

Nothing wrong with your partner. It's just the concept of proximity doesn't work for you. Okay, so therefore, feng shui talking about proximity.

So, imagine if you have two house, one house you're staying in, and you have own another house, maybe in another state that had extremely good feng shui. Would you enjoy benefit from that house or not? Your second house, which that you don't stay in. You actually rent it out.

No, no, no effect at all. A lot of people think, as I buy more good feng shui house, they get more feng shui. No, feng shui doesn't recognize whether you're the owner of the house, or you rent the house.

Okay, remember this. A lot of people say, okay, this house I rent from others, doesn't mean the feng shui cannot affect me. No, feng shui don't know.

They only affect anything that inside the house. All right, if you put your pet, your dog inside the good feng shui, you actually affect the dog also. Do you guys understand this? Now at this juncture here, some of you, you didn't decide to buy any property for this year.

Some of you actually are looking for one right now. So if you're looking for one, what we normally do, we keep asking one question, right? Is it a good feng shui or not? This new house, is it good or not? That one might not be entirely right question to ask. First of all, you must make sure the new feng shui house, although it's good, is it better than the current feng shui house that you're living in? Make sense? Anyone can tell you a certain house is good, right? But if they cannot compare with your current one, let's say it's worse than your current one, even you so-called move into a new house that claim to be good feng shui, but it's a bad feng shui to you, agree or not? Because your current house, the energy already that high.

Now you actually constrain yourself and you go to low level again. Make sense? So this is to share with some of you, keep looking for good feng shui, that's one part, but must be better than the current one. Make sense, guys? You follow me.

So once you know the concept, I want to introduce to you what actually influence energy, the earth realm energy. Because just now I'm telling you, now we're assessing to the earth energy. So some of you learn feng shui probably already know, there are two forces that govern the earth realm.

When you see these two so-called features, it's sort of like telling you, you are actually, that area got some positive energy happening. So very simple is the mountain and water. The mountain is the yin, water is the yang.

When these two are in balance, you get good feng shui. So if you go to an area, there are no hill or mountain or higher terrain, and there absolutely no water. Would you buy that area? No.

Okay. So you don't even need to take out your law pen or compass to measure it. Okay.

So remember this. So this is super important because when you talk about how to set up a middleman, set up feng shui, this is the thing they're looking for first. They don't look at anything else.

I think five years ago or six years, roughly around that, I actually lead a team to do something like a feng shui excursion. This one is in Penang. It's a small excursion just for students at that time.

So we bring them to an area where there are three blocks of condo or high-rise building, and then I ask them to actually look at which is the unit you're going to buy. So I give them like 30 minutes to go around the property, walk around and all those things. So one thing that caught the attention on that area is it's very nearby to the airport.

So it's very noisy. They actually see the landing, the lane there, you know, the runway. And then on one side, there's a balcony.

They see that. Do we like that? Is it a positive feature? Very noisy? No, right? This is yin or yang? Tell me. Two yang already, right? Okay.

And then because they're only 30 minutes, so they're a bit stressed, right? Oh my God, oh my God, what I should do? So they take out a law pen, measure this. Okay, this is the location facing one direction. And then they plot the flying star chart and everything.

I don't know what they're doing. Some of them take out to measure the Shanggong-Dagua alignment, align the table, the bed. So you don't see directly to the runway.

And after 30 minutes, I do a debrief with them. And then they explain all the things, all right? It's good because I allow them to explain. So after that, then I supposed to give an answer, right? So I tell them with all due respect, you know, I mean, you guys here are very hardworking.

Yeah, you do all this calculation. All formula is correct or aligned to Feng Shui principle that they're missing one thing. All right, is what is the 20% rules here? I tell them if here is because there are four blocks, right? If here is so noisy, you need not to choose already.

You just search the opposite, right? Opposite there, the other block is mountain, right? So any unit in that area is already better. Makes sense. I don't even take out formula just because we know that the balance of yin and yang.

Okay. So now you also know. So I want you to think in a macro level, because when we think about Feng Shui, we keep thinking about what's inside, what I should measure, the bid or anything.

That one, yes, but not the determined factor. So now I want you to know mountain and also the water is the one. So now the question here is how do we receive this energy? Let's say, just imagine right now you're going to buy a new house.

You see, you look around, right? See whether got hill or something. So now I'm going to teach you one thing here is like this. How do you harness 5G network from the earth energy? Yeah.

If it's a, if it's, if it's not a bad, a good area is, is a bad area. Then you might not get the 5G network. You may, you may get 4G or even lower.

So, which means that you're not able to reap the true benefits of those energy. Okay. So do you want to know whether your current house or your future one, or the knowledge of knowing where to have this 5G energy? You want to know this first, right? Because this is super important.

When you want to buy a multi-millionaire future house. So the first thing here, you want to know that, because there are mountain and water to choose. One is yin.

Yin is mountain. Water is yang. And in period nine, if you need to only choose one, choose the mountain.

Write this down first. Mountain will take precedence when it comes to period nine. I know a lot of people looking for water, but they're heading to the wrong direction.

Okay. So yes, both are so important, but let's say if you have both is even better, but if you need to choose, choose mountain. Okay.

So do you know why you want to know why? Okay. Let me show this. I do do this quickly.

This is technical part of it. So look at this chart here. This is HER2.

HER2, this is a metaphysics things. All right. When you learn Feng Shui, you have this.

So HER2 basically is a science. Lu Shu is the applied science. So here, do you notice that right now we are in period nine, right? Okay.

Period nine, outer number. This one, eight, six and nine is obviously yang. So period nine is very yang element because it's powerful.

So now you apply to application. You see number nine here, right? So which means number nine is super yang. Because it's on the outside.

So when you are super yang, number nine, right? Because period nine, you always focus on nine first, because that's the most prosperous energy. When the element is too yang. Remember the Penang story I told you guys all about? When it's too yang, we need what? Yes.

Correct. Cheong Sin Leong. Okay.

So say yes, it's correct. It's actually, you need to apply yin. So now mountain and water, which one represent yin element? Mountain.

Because mountain doesn't move, right? So therefore, it already telling you anything. If you don't have, you need to choose between one, look for mountain first. Okay.

Or hill. Not necessarily a real mountain. Yeah.

But it could be a hill. Okay. It's super important.

And you also realize this is universal principles that no matter where you go around the world, most of the time, the hilly area is where rich people live. Do you actually realize that? Or the rich neighborhood is all there, right? It's not just your country, everywhere. For example, how many of you here from LA, California? Especially LA, right? So you see that Beverly Hills, the northern part of it.

So you see that's a part of the foothills around the Santa Monica area. Right. Okay.

Who is from LA here? Okay. So, okay. You see that, right? That's where all these rich people lives, right? The Santa Monica is a mountain in Los Angeles.

Okay. So that's that. So, and if you look at London, right? One of the highest point in London, have you heard about Hampstead? Are you from London? It's more like 400 feet above the sea level.

So that one is also rich people live. Okay. How about let's bring this to Asia, Hong Kong.

Where is where all the rich people gather or live? Sun Tang, the peak. Have you heard about the Victoria Peak? Okay. Yeah.

This is the ultimate Feng Shui textbooks case where the wealth rises to the hill, overlooking the water there. Okay. Yeah.

So, and in Singapore, have you heard about the Bukit Timah? All right. Yeah. That was also super expensive, right? In Malaysia, Bukit basically means the hill.

Yeah. Bukit is the Malay word for it. Okay.

So, and in Malaysia, we have this Damansara Heights. Yeah. Nestled between the Bangsa Monkera area.

That one also a hill, hilly area. You see all this and this, I cannot mention every country, but I try to make a point here. You see this consistently.

Okay. So, since Bukit equal hill. So, do you realize that any development that has the word Bukit, normally the price will rise? At least in Malaysia, because the word hill.

You're in a Western country, then maybe Beverly Hills could be one. Yeah. This is consistent.

So, now in period 9, it also says that look for hill, look for mountain, look for higher ground. Make sense? Okay. So, because the mountain is the direct connection with everything else.

Yeah. The energy coming from that. Okay.

So, you learn something new now. Okay. So, once you know this, I want to bring this principle forward here.

This is the summary. Guys, you can actually send to them this. Okay.

So, basically, this is the, we like to see mountain from this four location. We don't just want to see mountain. We want it to, if your house is here, let's say, yeah, this is the four direction.

We like to see mountain. And the thing here is you see the South got five star, right? So, if you only can choose the one area that have mountain, which mountain you like the most? South. Why? Because South is number 9. 9 is period 9. The most prosperous.

Once you do this, you lay a good foundation function in your house. You might think, I haven't measured the house direction yet. I haven't do internally.

Whatever it is, it's not that important. Now, make sure is the right energy first. When you are right energy, you can enhance.

So, when you're in the wrong energy area, even you apply Feng Shui, it's sort of like a treatment only. So, let me ask you, when is the best time to become more healthier? It's when you're healthy, right? Do you guys agree? The best time to become healthier is when while you're still healthy. So, whatever you do, you see benefits.

But when you try to be healthy, when you're sick, that way is called treatment. You just try to improve. So, therefore, the same concept actually apply in Feng Shui as well.

Okay. So, therefore, the mountain position has to be correct first. If I need to be strict on this.

I know some of you right now, you might think I was in my house, don't have the mountain. Then how? Then don't worry because now is still chapter 4, right? There are more things you can do about it. So, now you know the concept.

So, now I want you to think a little bit. Your current house right now that you're staying in, do you see mountain or hill or higher ground? Okay. Some of you, yes.

Some of you, no. Okay. Cool.

And if you see it, where the mountain location is from your house. Okay. So, basically in your house, at the center of your house, you look at the compass, see where the south is, then you're looking out.

Do you see a hill or not? Okay. If you see it there, that is a good feature to see in period 9. If you want to build your wealth, this is the first criteria. Okay.

Cool. Now, we're going to zoom in. There are some, because some of you might think, right? The mountain, I mean, there are four directions, right? Is this the same? You ever seen the southwest or northeast? No.

Yeah. It's not the same. So, let me show you this thing here.

Do you want this or not? Okay, guys, can you send this to them? All right. Okay. Some of you ask if I have surrounded by mountain ranges, select the highest point of the mountain, the peak.

Among all the ranges, they always want, of the mountain, our hill is higher. Okay. So, now, which one you like the most? Of course, depends on what you're doing, right? So, if you look at the south, this one is about authority, you're building brand.

You see the south, you know, coming from the south is a mountain of illumination. So, if that is your goal, you want to have this personal brand authority, look for the south mountain. But if you want to build happiness, trust, relationship, collaboration, partnership.

Yeah. West mountain has extra function for this. Okay.

So, if you want to look for northwest mountain is authority. This is good for professionals because about leadership, mentor, management, create legacy is a long-term thing, more stable. Like you're working for others.

You grow money, you create legacy. It takes time, but it's about authority or powerful in that way. And if you're looking for wisdom, then how do you convert your knowledge into experience or money or solution, then it's northwest.

Okay. Are you guys clear? But what if you don't know this? Don't worry. Just choose a mountain within the four direction is considered good.

This one is only if you want to be specific. So just share with you a little bit about how I use this. When I built my career, which one do you think I pay more attention to? When I started, I'll use this.

Okay. I'm using West. I know a lot of people think about this because when I do, um, when I started my career in management, direction is considered good.

This one is only if you want to be specific. So just share with you a little bit about how I use this. When I built my career, which one do you think I pay more attention to? When I started, I'll use this.

Okay. I'm using West. I know a lot of people think about this because when I do, um, when I started my career in metaphysics, I, the way, or this is more like someone's style, right? So the way I do more is more with building trust with clients.

Yeah. Partnership collaboration. Yeah.

Because that time I don't know a lot of people, but I need to tap to their platform so I can speak. So I built a lot of happiness trust first. Let them trust me.

Then things got, start going for me. Okay. So, and, um, the thing here is now, yeah.

I just to share with you. Yeah. I actually have another, I'm going to move into a new house soon, probably next year.

And the mountain is the best mountain is still there, but not the most prominent one. I choose this mountain. Yeah.

Go become different. Yeah. Now it's about the wisdom.

Yeah. I monetize my mind experience and solution and innovation. Okay.

This is how I actually use the mountain. So for you is different, but if you don't know anything of this, it's fine. Yeah.

As long as we didn't, this four direction is equally good. This is just additional function. I hope guys.

Okay. All right. Because the mountain or hill itself is already good.

This is additional function that each of them have. Okay. So, uh, Zach David say, if I see both Northwest and Northeast, can I use both? If you see, there is not your choice to choose whether you want to use.

Yeah. You get these two benefit at the same time. Okay.

David, do you understand this? Yeah. It's not a choice. Yeah.

Because it's environment, environment. Yeah. It overpower you, but it's your choice whether you want to act on it or not.

Right. You can just do nothing. Right.

Watch TV every day or do or collecting stamps, just like one of my friends. Then it's fine. So therefore, but if, because today topic is about born for wealth.

So we actually do something like for me, I'm using West mountain. That's where that time I used to build trust with students, with clients. Yeah.

Because you don't have trust. I think that is very hard for them. Yeah.

To study. I'll get, I'll get a consultation from me. So you must do something.

One is not like activate, activate. Activate is for lazy people. I do nothing.

I just activate suddenly wealth come. You know, life doesn't work that way. I wish it worked that way, but it's not.

So did I put a lot of effort at that time? Yes. As, as a human realm, I still do a lot of effort, but when it comes with the right mountain, what Feng Shui will do, it will amplify my effort. You guys understand this.

I don't want to get an idea because out there, a lot of people take advantage of those people don't know Feng Shui. They ask you if you put this element, then your life is changed. You'll be okay.

You'll be great. You really believe in that? No, right? Yeah. You look at all the successful people that reach people.

If you interview them, how many of them, or even no single one tell them I become rich because I put a toad in my bed next to my bed. No one telling this. Everyone telling you effort.

So the effort part you cannot avoid. You still need to do it. All right.

But with this right position, you will see the speed. Yeah, actually increase faster than you can imagine. Okay, good.

So now once you understand the mountain position, this bring you to, I want you to understand this. You want to learn Feng Shui. External, which is the mountain of water, governs 70%.

And what you do inside the house just govern 30%. That's how little it is. Okay.

So I want to think that right now, right? Every time you do Feng Shui, is it you do it for the 30% or 70%? Most of the time. Yeah. We plot flying star chart, everything.

Very likely we actually do it in the 30%. I'm not saying it's wrong. Because some of us here, we already stay in a house.

And then we haven't have enough money to buy a new house. Isn't it? So the solution, there are two solutions. You want to hear the solution? Okay.

If you're 100 of you here, you know that you want to have a better Feng Shui house. But you don't have enough money to do that yet. Cut the word mean.

It's a common problem, right? Because learning Feng Shui is one. So there are two options for you. Okay.

So one option here is you can rent a good Feng Shui house. You know Feng Shui, you can subscribe one. Can you do that? Just like how you subscribe Netflix.

You can subscribe good Feng Shui one. So by today's session here, this Feng Shui, you know what is a good Feng Shui house to rent. And what is a bad Feng Shui from wealth perspective.

Which in fact, I'm going to share with you. Okay. What is the second step? Second step is learn from Iverson.

In fact, you're doing it right now. It's very good. Okay.

So these are actually the third step. Third step, you can engage our consultant. We can do it for you.

So totally you can pick whatever you want. But right now I'm going to teach you how to identify a good one and a bad one. So I just did just now by looking at the mountain position.

That one is for observation, 70%. But you say, Iverson, how I wish I can move the mountain to somewhere else, right? Or the right location, because a lot of us here, sometimes we stay in a house, the mountain will be there, right? You can't just move the mountain. So therefore we also can look at the 30% influence to do something on it.

Okay. So you might think, right? 30% is so little, right? But don't you think it's also something you can do? How about this? I want you to think, if your salary increased by 30%, are you happy or not? Are you happy? Not bad, right? You've got 30%. What if next year you do even better, another 30%, you know? So actually it's quite powerful too.

And once you do that, you're compounding, later you have a lot of money, then you can buy a better house, a better environment. Okay. Now I'm going to teach you how do you maneuver this 30% since we cannot move mountains.

Therefore, I want you to, this leads us to this topic here. Know your house. Okay.

This is basically is the internal blueprint. Know your house energy. And the system I want to introduce to all of you here in terms of knowing energy is one system called flying stars.

How many of you here actually learn or heard about flying stars? Not flying fox. All right. Okay.

Flying stars. Okay. It's a formula.

It's among so many formulas is Feng Shui. This is one of the popular one due to the reason because it can give you fast results. Okay.

So flying star Feng Shui is one of the system. If you do it, mentioned going to wait 20 years. At that time, your grandchildren also coming out already, you know? So probably that one later.

Okay. But for now, all right, I want to talk about the fast way. All right.

Feng Shui because period nine is fast. So flying star is one of the favorite topic in period nine is the most useful one. Okay.

So now let me share with you first. How do we know the house is good or not? Basically, this is a flying star chart. Of course, right now, you don't know what it is, right? Okay.

Also numbers. So the numbers will tell you whether that sector is good or the sector is bad. We are going to tell you shortly.

So why don't you grab the concept first? Let's say, let's say this house here, where you think is a good area for wealth? Just simply pick one. Is it a South sectors or where? Let's say South. A lot of people say South.

Okay. So here I just put the dollar sign here. It's like this.

So let's say this is your house. Where you will do your work? Where would you place your office? If you, let's say, of course in the South, right? This is common sense. And if you discover this area, let's say this area is a bad area.

Let's say, would you go to that area to work if you were going to make more money? No. Would you go to North East sector? No. All right.

It's a bad sector. So if you discover that this sector is a stupid sector. Okay.

Have you, anyone that go there, suddenly they get confused of everything. Would you stay there? Let's say, I'm not saying Southeast is stupid sector. I just give you an example.

Will you stay there? No. And who you ask to stay there? Maybe your mother-in-law that you secretly hate. You'll tell her that, okay, according to my calculation, after learning Feng Shui, don't mention my name.

All right. Okay. Southeast is the best among the room.

Okay. But you know that because I respect you so much, you are the one that come into my mind first. Put that.

When you put your mother-in-law there, she'll less complain already. Right. They don't complain so much.

If you're awake at noon time, they also won't scold you. That is good. Someone maybe help you to do laundry or so.

Okay. Very good. So now that is the concept.

But now you don't know yet, right? Okay. Now I know how to position, but I don't know the number what it means. Okay.

So now I will teach you that. How do you do that? Of course, you must know what is the numbers in your house. This number is basically energy.

Okay. So what is the number? So in order to do that, you need to know two things. Facing direction of your house.

Okay. And what is the period of your house? Okay, guys, I think this is important. Can you send them the slide for this? Okay.

Send them. Only two things. Because now you don't know which is your chart, right? So look at these two things to get the chart out.

Okay. So now, very simple. Facing direction.

You are facing the direction here. First thing, do you know your house facing direction? Okay, there are two types, right? One is the high-rise, and then one is the landed property. So if you live in high-rise, you need to go out from the building.

And then from there, you need to take the facing direction of the building instead your own unit. You need to know this. All right.

How many of you here, you live in a high-rise building? All right. Okay. So you need to get out from the building.

And then you stand here, for example. And this is the facing direction. Everyone clear? Okay.

Last time when I teach this, but they say I wasn't. But my one is a condominium. Is it considered high-rise? And some students ask me, but my one is an apartment.

How would you reply to those questions? There was a name people gave to it, right? So it does not matter. So as long as your house has so many units to share, you actually stand there and then you take direction of the building. Okay, everyone clear? All right.

So now, what if you are actually landed? Landed is easy. All right. And landed is you need to, you just, because you own the whole thing, right? So therefore, let's say this one, where you stand to take the direction, stand here, roughly at the center here.

Okay. My drawing is still very bad. Hopefully next year I can be better.

According to 2026 chart, I can draw better next year. So bear with me at this moment. Okay.

So now, facing direction. So if your neighbor asks you to, how to take direction, ask your neighbor, stand here. This is a facing direction.

Here is here. Okay. Guys understand or not? Super easy.

Okay. Now let me clear this. So let's say you, the thing here is when you need to use this system here, it's not just like South.

In South, you also need to divide by South 1, South 2, South 3. Let's say you measure direction is South, but you need to fine tune it, whether it's South 1, South 2, South 3. It divided into three sectors. I would say subdivided into three sectors further. So we call this sub-sectors.

So how do you know what is South 1, South 2? I already indicate the degree here. So the team will send you the full copy here. So guys on the Telegram channel, I think there are one file called 24 mountains reference chart.

So send to them right now. Okay. Which means if you discover your house are facing Southwest, that is not enough.

You need to know whether it's South 1, Southwest 1, sorry, Southwest 2 or Southwest 3. Are you okay? Cut the word if you understand this. How do you know? Based on the reference here. Let me check whether they already sent to you or not.

Have they sent to you yet? Let me check for you. Okay, good. They haven't.

Faster please. Okay. It's coming.

It's coming. In the Telegram folder, there are one file called 24 mountain reference chart. Okay.

Okay. While they're sending, now you can... Okay. I think it's coming.

Okay. Check your Telegram right now. Do you see that? Because the slide, I cannot show all the possible directions due to the asset screen size.

So, but from the PDF, it shows you all the possible directions. Starting from South until encounters all the rest of the 8 directions. Okay.

Got it? Okay. Once you got this, then it's fine. And some of you here, also maybe you're finding hard to discover the facing direction of your property.

Maybe it's a bit weird. Don't worry about that because I actually record a YouTube video. You go to my YouTube video.

You search for facing direction. I record that for you. So I don't want to do it here because most of people know it.

So just go. It's free. The video how to take direction.

Can you guys go and search? But 95% is really easy to determine the facing. Isn't it? But there are some weird shape building. Maybe you need some clarification I actually go through step 1, step 2 and step 3 in my YouTube.

That one you look it there. You look it over there. Are you guys okay? All right.

Don't let what you cannot figure out right now to interfere to learn more. Okay. My YouTube channel just says youtube.com slash Iverson Lee.

Okay. That's it. Or later you cannot find, you talk to the team, they will give you the link as well.

How about that? Okay. Let me do this for you. Later on, I'm going to copy the link.

I post it in the Telegram channel. How about that? Okay. So everyone just click the link and then you can view it.

Okay. Okay. Later after today's session, I'm going to send it to you.

Now, once you know, now I assume that you know the facing, just pretend you know the facing direction already. Then what's next? Okay. What's next here? Now you know how to take the facing direction.

The second information you need to know, the period. Period basically means when the house is born. There are only one to nine.

Okay. You just need to figure out when is it? It's just like your house barter chart. Okay.

So, and in order to do that, actually, it's very easy. I just, okay, guys, can you send this slide to them? It's in the slide folder. Yes.

Send this to them. So there are only nine periods. So your house would belong to one.

So how do you know? It's like this. Now there are also two, right? One is a high rise. I just put the word H, high rise, and then landed.

If you are high rise, you need to know, you look at the year. Every year, there are span of 20 years. So for the high rise, you need to look at the first occupant moving in.

Okay. The first occupant, maybe it's not you, maybe your neighbor. The moment your neighbor, let's say it's a new high rise building.

The moment your neighbor move in, let's say move in, in 2008, which period is the building? Eight or nine? Eight, right? Because 2008 is within this range. So yeah, so you need to check. So which means your building, everyone share the same period.

Your neighbor, everyone is a building, is a period eight property. Okay. Clear? It's the first occupant moving in, not you, unless you're the first one.

Okay. So now for landed property, you want to know the period, always easy. Period for landed property is the year you move in.

You don't care what neighbor it is. Okay. So if the year you move in is, let's say in 2025.

2025. So what is the period of your landed property? Nine. Okay.

All right. Easy. Okay.

So once you should able to got this already. So once you got this, which means that now you can able to determine, you have two information already right now. So you have the facing direction and also the period.

Now with these two information, you can plot the chart already. Then how do you plot your house chart? It's like this. The team will send you a PDF file of all the possible charts in period from period one to period nine.

Okay. Guys, can you send them the PDF files? Yeah. From the flying star charts from one to nine.

Send to them now. They are about to send to you. So now let's do this.

Let's say just now, don't worry the PDF is on the way. Just now we need to establish two important information. Let's say, let's say you're discover that your house are facing south.

Is it enough? Not yet. You need to know south one, south two or south three, right? So let's say it's south one and then it's a period eight property. So you look at the PDF file later, you scan period eight property first.

So this one save you time because it's period eight, this example. All right. So south one, do you see that here indicate facing south one? Can you see this? Okay.

If this is the one, then this is your house chart. That's it. So now let's do another one here.

Okay. This is period nine. Some of you are in period nine property, so let's say your period nine property, you're facing north east.

Is it enough? No. You need to know north one, two or three. So let's say it's north east three and it's a period nine property.

Then you scan through the PDF file, look for period nine first. Then which one is facing north east? Three. So do you see facing here? Facing? Okay.

Are you sending the wrong files? I think you did send the wrong file. SK is flying star. Not flying fox.

Okay. It's there. Just look at it.

Okay. Wow. Okay.

Everyone here take a deep breath, close your eyes and open now. It's here already. Okay.

Do you see it? So SK, you need to delete the earlier file to avoid confusion. Okay. Do it now.

Okay. Very good. Now you only got one thing to deal with.

The period nine chart. Do you see that? So why I give you the PDF file? So you know how to look for the right chart in your case here. But some of you might think, oh, I don't know the facing yet.

That one don't worry first. Then later you'll find out, you ask people and all those things. But now I want you to know the method first.

All you need to know the period and the facing you can get a chart. Everyone clear? Guys? So you browse through the PDF file right now. It consists from period one to period nine.

Now I want you guys to do one thing. Assume you know the chart of your house already. Can you pretend first? Because later you can work that part out.

That one is technical part. It's not hard. So now let's say, yeah, let's say this is your chart.

I'll just pretend for a while. This is, this is the chart here. So what you need to know, because we are talking about wealth.

So when we talk about wealth, all wealth energy is from the top right. How about the rest? Ignore. All these are wealth energy.

Don't disregard anything else because you want to make money. You need to be focused. Okay.

So are you guys okay? Type the chat. Yes. If I understand what I'm talking about.

Okay, cool. So only top right number. So now I'm going to show you all this.

I'm going to introduce to you this number first. If you're talking about period nine, wealth in period nine, nine, one, two, four. Guys, can you send this copy to them? This is from the slide.

Okay. Do you see on your telegram? Okay. Now, in period nine, we want fast, right? So which of this is the fastest? Number nine.

I already indicated there, right? One is average, still pretty good. So are you going to use number two now? Would you? No. SK, you're sending the wrong image again.

Okay. Okay. The one you sent earlier, then later they're confused again.

Okay. Now SK say it's still handled by me. Oh, who is that? Okay.

Dyson. Okay. Please.

So you can relax. I just look at the right chat, then I'll send it to them. Okay.

Cool. So now you see nine, one, two, four, right? They'll tell you nine, one, two is you can use. But now we are talking about speed.

I will more concerned on nine and one. Okay. Yeah.

But nevertheless, these are the wealth numbers. Easy to remember or not? Nine, one, two, and four. Okay.

So now once you know this, then now I'm going to tell you how to apply this. This is become your new friend, best friend. You want to check whether this number lands here or not.

So let me just remember all the four numbers just now. When we look for wealth element, is it the top left, top right, or the center number? Top right. Remember I told you just now.

So can I see one here? All right. Nine, right? One, two, and four. Easy.

This part should be no problem, right? So let's say this is your chart basically. Okay. So now happy or not? If this is your house, happy? Of course, right? You see the wealth element, right? But so do everyone.

Every house, this number will appear. Does it mean it's good for everyone? No, of course. All right.

So the second thing you want to add one more layer to it is this so-called wealth numbers resides in the right sectors or not? We need to know that also, right? So let me tell you what sector they want to reside in. Wealth sectors. So now I'm going to share with you what is the wealth sectors.

So basically let me clear this. So just now that house is bad, right? Doesn't fall into this. So hold on.

Let me just share the screen again. Okay. Now guys, can you send this to them as well? Okay, good.

Now you see on your telegram channel already. Okay. So now he indicate that this will remain constant for period nine.

Okay. You might need to write this down. You might think will this change or not? Not until 2044.

Okay. So right now you still have a, because period one, it will change again. What happened in period one? Later before period one come, you attend my class again.

Which could be like 18 years from now. Okay. Maybe the time you send your son to attend.

All right. Okay. So therefore this is the position of the wealth element.

So now you know the thing here. So how do we apply this? So I'm going to show you how to apply. Let's say this is your house chart.

Okay. Don't worry. Don't worry.

I just put what I show you just now here. Remember just now I show you the, all the wealth palace. There are four palace.

Okay. This is not new, right? Remember just now I show you the wealth star is day 124. So this is nothing new.

I already send this information to your telegram just now. Okay. So I already sent to a telegram.

So you need not to concern. So now this is easy for the reference, because I don't expect you just can remember at this moment, right? So one is in the north, the first wealth palace, right? So what you need to do second off and then Southwest and then Southeast and then East. Then you say, I would say, why you need to, how do you know all these four boxes? Because coming from here, I already signed the chart.

So your job is very simple. Go through this four boxes, whether it contains wealth element or not. Let's start with Southwest.

Is number one is wealth element. Yes or no? Yes. Okay.

So, and then let's go to Southeast. South is number three. Is it a wealth element? Just check here, right? Nine, one, two, four.

Yes or no? No. Cancel it. So how about is number two? Is it a wealth star? Yes.

And how about the north? Okay. Is this a good wealth house or not? Yeah, pretty good, right? You score, you know, you need to land. Basically my point here is not, it's not enough just to have the wealth numbers.

You need to land in the wealth location. Clear? People take one year to learn this. Now I'm telling you this is the most easiest, yet the powerful way to learn Flyingstar for period nine.

And if you learn before, you know what I'm talking about, right? So it's very clear. So now you know this, I'm going to add one more layer to it. Okay.

Because people like rating one, you know? Yeah. Just like, I actually survey for hotels for holiday. What do we do normally? We look for rating, right? So some of them, if out of five star, if it's a four star out of five, is it a good place to stay? Like it's pretty good, right? So now is it has to be very accurate is 4.1. No, roughly, you know, because it's a collective opinion from certain group of people.

So what if I can share with you also the rating rather than, you know, okay. Three out of four is good, right? Would you be even better if you know roughly the rating of the wealth energy in this house? So if you want to know, it's very simple. You just need to, I'm going to send you this file.

Okay. So this, this is the points use. Let me clear this first.

Okay. Okay. Now they are sending you the file already.

So just be patient. It's coming. So now if you've got number four, you've got 40 points.

If you've got number one, 30 points. Number two is 10. Why is 10? Because it's super slow.

And four, pretty good, 20. So that's how you score your flying star chart. So now let's do this again.

Circle all the, all the wealth palaces first. East, southeast, southwest and north. Remember just now we do that.

Then which one is the wealth star? The three in the southeast definitely is not. Cancel this, but they are three, right? So it's, we got number nine from the north. I got number one from southwest and I got number two here.

So now apply the rating. How, how many points if you've got number nine? 40 points, right? So here is 30 and then number two, you got 10. So how much is this? 80% strength roughly.

And again, this is a guesstimate percentage. All right. So at least you know.

So this is the one. So some of you ask, do you actually look at the center? No, good question. We don't care about the center.

Why? Very simple. Because the chart don't ask you to look at the center. Only four location.

Alex won. Do you understand? Now you try to break rules. Okay.

My God, burn in period nine. Don't. I already clearly mentioned here only four sectors to look at.

All right, good. Okay. Now, so 80%.

So can I say that if you buy a house, this house is a period nine house and then facing south two or south three, you got this formation. I just telling you the logic behind. So once you know the logic, you can do on every house.

Every flying star chart. I don't want to remember which facing direction is good. There's so many.

All right. So you do this, you have this mindset. You can read any chart.

You might think, is this same thing applied to period eight chart or period seven or six? Yes. Same formula. Okay.

So someone say check in the center. I don't care, Karen, because it's not part of the discussion. Karen, do you understand? Whether you check in the center or not, it doesn't matter.

It's not part of the focus point. There are only four boxes you need to consider. All right.

Good. Okay. So once you know this, let's do some practical.

Okay. Now let's do this house here is a period nine house. How do I know it's a period nine? Because center is nine.

It says it's a period nine house. You look at your chart. You look at the PDF file.

It'll be like that. You look at all the flying star under period nine. All the chart center will be number nine.

Isn't it? So there's a quick way to tell this is a period nine house. So now what is the first thing to do here? We're going to circle all the well palace. One, two, three, four.

Then we will go through each of them. Three. Well star? Well star or not? No.

Very good. Five. Well star? No.

Four. Yes. Two.

Yes. So now we're going to apply the rating. You've got four.

You've got two, right? Number four give you how many points? 10. Number two give you 10. So you only got 30.

That's the rating for the wealth potential of this house. Interesting. Okay.

Is that easy? So now you can choose which house is good for you. You own a new superpower already. Okay.

Now let's do our next one. Okay. How about this? So what is the first step here, guys? Circle all the wealth palace, which in fact you should already know by now.

North, east, southeast and southwest. This formula stands until when? Period nine. Okay.

If you remember this, it's even better because you're not going to change every year now. This one will stay the same until the whole period nine. Only 2044, you'll come and attend Iverson class for period nine feng shui.

Okay. Remember that. All right.

So now the thing is like this. We do the same thing. Look at the top right number.

Five. Not well start. Four.

Yes. So I put a four here. Good.

Six. No. Seven.

Also no. So four. How many points for the four? 20%.

Okay. Having go through a few examples here. Now, do you know how to rate the wealth element in every chart? Okay.

Someone said I forgot the one. Why I forgot the one, guys? Huh? Qing Xing Liang? Because it's not part of the wealth palace. Okay, guys.

You understand Qing Xing Liang? Now you understand, huh? So someone say Faisal chart change every year. No, because this is your house chart. This is not the annual chart.

Okay. All right. So Susanti, it change is the yearly energy, but your house energy is the same.

Yeah. Susanti and Greg, you ask this question because of everything has changed. No.

It doesn't change until you buy a new house. Okay. All right.

Cool. So now I want to know that do you feel confident right now to check? So even if period eight or period seven is still the same thing. You don't care.

I don't bother by what period of your house is. Formula will stay the same. Yeah.

Okay. All right. Cool.

So now you actually earn a new superpower. The superpower here is, you know, now you know which is the direction you can buy a house at higher wealth capacity. And you can do it easily.

If you do it a few times, I'm sure you can compute the rating just like seconds. Yeah. There are two ways I can do this.

I can tell, okay, at least down all the direction you mean to memorize probably 20 of them. But I'm going to give you the ability to do it yourself. So whether it's a period one house, period two, stretch to period nine, you still can do the same.

Okay. Kellyn asked, is this applied to apartment building? Yes. Remember just I tell you, if you're apartment building, you still use this formula.

Okay. Jamie say my house got good rating. Gonna optimize it.

Yes. Now you have great potential because you cannot move the mountain. But right now let's do something on it.

So now let me just give you something you can think about here. If this is your house, let's say this is a house. Let me see this one.

Let me clear this drawing. Okay. Now let's say right now you're Feng Shui consultant and you got this assignment.

You want to check this house here. So do the same thing. First of all, circle all the wealth palace first.

So South East is the same if you notice. Okay. So all of it is here.

So now you check, right? So which one got wealth element? You see this is the one and then this is the one. Correct. Easy.

So just one more. Okay. How about this one? This one wealth element good or not? Only got one, right? Here are number four.

So let's do a one that have... I'm going to find the one that good rating for you. Ah, this one, I guess. Okay.

So now same formula. This one, this one, this one, and this one. So we got number one here is good.

Number three, no, not wealth star. Number two is good. So number in the North also good.

So two, nine, one. So let's say this is your house, like just now Jamie, right? You say, I got this. Then how do I optimize this? You know, this three area is good for you.

Agree? All right. So which means the thing here is you can position or work on one of those area. Jamie or any one of you here.

Now let's say discover this is your chart. Just imagine, let's say this is a house. You know that these are the right wealth star land in the right palace, right? So can you choose this Southwest? Of course.

What you say? Okay. Southwest is occupied by my mother-in-law. She refused to move.

Nevermind. Okay. Go to the North also can, right? Also go to the East.

But if you have a choice, let's say there are three options for you. A, B, C. Which one are you going to choose? North? Yeah. B, right? Why? Why? Why you choose B? Because number nine, number nine is the fastest, correct? All of you are so smart.

Remember I told you number nine is the fastest before period nine, right? But let's say number nine not available. Let's say it's a toilet. Which then it gives you only A and C. Which one? Yeah.

C. Take someone out from the room. Tell them it's a five yellow room. Get them out.

Okay. Can do this. You get the C one, right? Because if you get the two is the slowest.

Cannot. And you get fat some more, right? Number two is an earth star, right? Better not. Then choose number one.

Equally good. So Southwest is where you put your desk. Work there.

Do your reading. Negotiate. Or doing an interview.

Everything you can do there. Zoran say what if it's a kitchen? Can work and cook at the same time. Depends on the size of the kitchen.

It's very big. Then probably you can do something on it. Otherwise you have no choice.

You use the other one. Okay, cool. So this is how to do it.

And one thing here is like this. If let's say we know this area is good, right? Because North sector and nine here. What if you see a door here? Is it good? Yes.

Which means it's already activated. Automatically. It's already.

You already have. I would say 24-7 subscription already. You don't need to put a desk right in front of your door.

No need. Okay. So which means the whole style already activated by the wealth star.

It's not a choice. Even you refuse it, it will still come in. Okay.

All right. Good. So and the thing is like this.

Let's say this is a main door reactivated. And you discover this one also good, right? Remember just now number one also good. Either you move here or you if there's a window around this area, you open it.

It will also allow the energy to come in. Okay. So door or window.

This is called automatic trigger. If it's not, you need to do it manually. You move there and stay there and look there.

Then you get all the energy. Because you are there, right? You get it first. If you just have a window energy coming in, but you need to share with all the residents.

What if there's a window there? You open it and you also inside that room. You get everything. Yeah.

Window is important because once you open the window, allow you to access the environment. Okay. Cool.

So this is how you do this. Okay. Some of you say, what if there's none of the web sector has a good numbers? Then you have no choice.

You just follow where the nine is. Now, you know, even the nine is in the wrong sector, but you don't have a choice, right? So you just use it. So, you know, that next time when you buy a new house, you better make sure you comply to it.

That's it. Yeah. For example, like, let me show you one example.

Okay. This house here. You want to set up Feng Shui here.

We do the same thing, right? We circle all this. Let's say your favorite is number nine. Where's number nine? Northeast.

Is it part of the wealth palace? No. Then what you need to do? If you still do it, you still assess it. Just the nine is not that powerful.

Underutilized. Sometime working, sometime not. Better than nothing, right? So which means the number nine become emo.

You know what is emo means? They become emotional. Sometime the number nine no mood, they don't, they don't, they don't work. They might take sabbatical leave.

But when their mood is good, they will help you a lot. But better than nothing, right? Yeah. So we call this emo number nine.

But what if it's land into the wealth palace? Yeah. That is the dedicated star that availability is 24 seven. Okay.

Understand. Okay. So yeah.

So this is how you actually look into this. Tan Ivy asks, how about office building? Is it apply the same? Yes. Yeah.

If you know this information, if you have the power to change the location where your desk is now, you become good. Yeah. Tan Ivy.

Then, but if you are, it's like that, right? It's like the Feng Shui, right? Be like, if your company's success are based on your leader, you normally put the leader in a good position. Now you know how to do this. Okay.

I understand. So just now we talk about nine, one, two, right? So nine is the fastest and then followed by one and two. What is this? Number five, number four, doing that.

Number 12. Number four, basically is about ideas or creation. So if you look at this chart here, although number nine is not in the right location, do you see number four here in the east? Do you see that? Yes.

So you might think, right? What does that mean? This one about creative, create products or business or idea to make money. Then you still can put a table here. Use this one.

Number four. Okay. All right.

Cool. So you might think, okay, number four, why number four is part of this equation? Because number four star is untimely. If you learn, if you learn flying star, the classic one, why number four is powerful in period nine? Because number four can form four nine is a her two combination.

Okay. It's a her two. If you don't know now, you know, it's a her two.

Okay. And also one thing here, the four, when you see number one, one four combination is powerful. Yeah.

This is, uh, this is, uh, if you learn Feng Shui, purple, white, purple, white, we also like one four. So do you see number four is good. Number four is not the most powerful star in period nine because nine is, because it's form a her two with number nine, it become like the sister of the king or the close relative of the king or queen.

Is it powerful or not? Yeah. So nine, when you, uh, number four is like close relative of the king or queen. So they're themselves, they are not powerful.

So what this person do, since they are not powerful, they like to give idea, right? Need to be, remain relevant, right? This person will give a lot of idea to number nine, which is what to say, what to take, how to strategize. This is the one. So in this case here, if there's your house, I will ask them what they're doing.

If their work got to do with a lot of content creation, you know, ideas, how to solve problem. Basically there are strategies. I'll ask them to use number four here instead, rather than this email number nine.

Okay. I hope that answer Jamie question just now, how to optimize this and the rest of you, you don't have this insight. If you don't have it, then you use the emo star.

The emo star can come either number nine or one, right? As when they are not in their wealth location, they become emo, right? Because they don't feel like themselves. They are out of the tribe. Okay, guys, do you understand that is the concept? Okay.

So now you know how to arrange it for wealth perspective. So you can be there. You, you, you do this.

Then is it, you might think, I thought you need to calculate everything. I don't care. You have my own house.

I only focus on important area. Is my wealth star in there. Everything is fixed.

You enjoy life. Because Feng Shui are not designed to restrict your life until you do the important thing. The rest, you can do whatever you want.

Do you guys agree? Like every day at 24 hours, right? As long you set out the important things and you complete it, what you're going to do with the rest of the hours is up to you. You answer to no one. You do whatever you like, because it's your life.

That's how you get more freedom using Feng Shui rather than become restricted. All right. So someone at least ask why is, is the wealth sector? Because this concept come from direct and indirect spirit.

Okay, cool. So now can I share with you one, uh, also very powerful millionaire setup or not? Do you want to learn? Okay. So now think about this in period nine, the way, the way we make money actually coming from, are you going to make fast money? If you do it yourself, it's very slow.

Remember yesterday, we talk about collaboration. When we look at the annual chart of 2026, which also the director's script of whole period nine, still remember the rock wealth element? Instead of competing, you collaborating with them. So therefore, in order to collaborate, you think anyone would like to collaborate with you? Maybe not, right? They'll ask, what can you offer? So therefore you need to have noblemen.

You want to attract more right people into your life so you can make money faster. They give you opportunities to do something. Okay.

Like for me, when I started, you know, I don't know, and I don't know a lot of people and Dr. Joey, Dr. Joey Yap, give me opportunity. He tell me, I have got a platform for you. You go there and speak.

Okay. Learning yourself over there. So he is my nobleman.

He's helping me. All right. Now you're a programmer.

You know, you don't know how to speak. I might go on stage. You are, you're, you're so scared about so many things.

Your palms are sweaty. There's no way, no motivation thing can go for you. You need to jump into the water and then get used to it.

So don't you think he's my nobleman? He helped me, give me the platform. So, and I also set up my house to activate my nobleman star in the house. Otherwise you think about this, right? How can I move forward? If I do it alone, it take very long time.

When, you know, yeah. So in period nine, if you plan to do it alone, you don't want to tap into other people, help other people platform. You're going to losing out.

So in order to do that in period nine, you want fast feng shui, you nobleman feng shui technique becomes super important. And I'm going to show you now. Yeah.

This is the one. Okay. Nobleman feng shui technique.

Are you guys ready? Ready for this? This is another technique. All right. Move things fast.

So in order to do this, it's like this. First of all, I'm going to send you this chart first. Order submitted.

So you don't feel formal. Order submitted. Okay.

Now you got this. I think the team already sent to you. Okay.

Very good. So this one is very simple. You look at which one is your day master.

So let's say, yeah, let's say I use my, my day master. I'm a yang fire. How many of you here are yang fire? Yang fire.

Okay. All right. Good.

So your nobleman is pig and rooster. Therefore it located in the northwest tree of your house and west too. Only if you're yang fire or ting fire.

Now I know my, my, my one is in either pig or rooster location. Therefore now I go to, I go to the next. I go to application now.

Sample plan. Sample for plan. I overlay 24 mountain to it.

Like this. After you take a direction, you overlay something into this. Okay, guys, can you send a 24 mountain to them? Under the telegram folder.

One say 24 mountains chart. Try to open it first to confirm. It looks something like this.

Then you send, send it over to the telegram channel now. You overlay it. So let's say now you're helping Iverson.

This is, let's say, this is my house. Just now you discovered that as a ping fire person, the nobleman are two, right? One is pig and then one is rooster. So do you see this is a pig location? Yes.

Okay. All right. So let me clear this.

This area is a pig and it also stated Northwest three. So this is the nobleman sector. So where is my nobleman sector is Northwest three.

So it's under Northwest. Okay, guys. Okay.

Now you're helping Iverson to set up his house. You know, the nobleman is there. The quickest way to do this is in my actual, this is not my real house plan.

My actual house in the Northwest three sector. I actually have a sliding door, which I open all the time. Okay.

Yeah. Because Ralph is not just about working hard, you know, he's meeting the right people to help you. That's the fastest way.

Okay. Yeah. But let's say you're greedy.

Just now I heard that you have two noblemen, right? So another one is here. Rooster, remember? Yeah, that's rooster. So I can set up something here.

So the quickest way I, you have a window there, you open it. Because at the time I designed my house, I purposely make it that way. I make sure that the open area is there.

So I need not to think about it. I need not to activate it. I just open it, it's already activated.

Or even if it's your main door is also activated. Okay. So some of you ask what, how many of you don't have, you know, your nobleman sector, but you don't have any window.

Okay. If you don't have any window, then let's say in this chart here, there are no window here. Okay.

There are no window here. So it's just an area. So second option here is you move in that area to work.

You position you in that area to work. Can or not? To attract noblemen. Maybe it's not your wealth sector is fine.

Because it's a totally different technique. Don't try to combine. Just start talking about wealth.

This one is noblemen. Yeah, people. All right.

So activation is you move in that second technique. All right. So now some of you ask about what if, what if is a toilet then how? Then there are two area, right? For me, this is one area.

Then you try option number two. Yeah. Then you think, okay, I was on what if this two area also toilet, toilet number one and toilet number two, then how? Means that no, no solution for you already.

Okay. So consider a series of very bad house. Just joking.

Okay. If let's say this two area, you also cannot use. Okay.

So it's like this. Can I teach you something slightly advanced? Just a little bit on it. Yeah.

Just like 8.76%. Okay. All right. Cool.

So this one got to do with timing. Okay. Take a deep breath first.

Okay. Order submitted. Order submitted.

Stop failed. Order submitted. Order submitted.

Stop failed. Stop failed. Order submitted.

 
and you cannot rely on this, you need to use timing. So in order to use timing, I'm going to send you one, hold on, and let me send you the file first. Okay, I'm going to send you this file. 

Do you see it now? Monthly Flying Star Charts. Guys, can you send it to them? It's a PDF file in the telegram. Yes, that's the one.

Okay, remember just now, remember just now where is my Norberman sector? Northwest 3. Still remember? So in this case here, you just regard it as Northwest. So this is not the chart you're seeing right now, it's not your chart, it's the annual energy and monthly. So of course you want to know what it is.

We don't, first of all, we don't care about the big numbers. Because you realize the big numbers are always the same? Do you realize this? Why it's always the same? Because it's an annual star. So for one year, they'll stay the same. 

So the one that we want is not the big number, it's the small numbers. Let's say my Norberman is in Northwest, so I just pay attention to all the Northwest box, all the Northwest box here, where I see number 9. So can I say that number 9 arrives in my Northwest box from February 4th until March 4th? Yes or no? Yes. So this is my activation month, how to activate later, alright? So now let's move on here. 

How about March 5th to April 5th? I'm still looking at Northwest because Northwest is my Norberman sector. Your Norberman sector could be different, right? Then you look for your own respective sectors. So mine is Northwest, I got number 8. Can I activate? Is number 8 is a wealth star? No. 

So I don't activate here. Then this one also 7, so I cannot activate here. 6, I cannot activate. 

5, I also cannot activate. 4, okay, good. This one I can, number 4, right? So then the next one will be 3, cannot. 

2, no, because too slow, because already year-end. 1, alright, good. So basically, if you look at the chart here, then the next one will be number 9 again. 

Very good, I can activate. So now I can see that, you know, from here, there are a lot of certain months I can activate. Okay, I haven't teach you how to activate yet, just mean that month you can activate your Norberman star. 

How many of you here follow me? Yeah, this is extra for you. So you look for the month where the wealth star arrives in your Norberman sector. Once you discover that, let me show you the chart again.

Okay, so just now my Norberman is in the peak, right? So on the activation month, let's say there are no doors here, some people, they put water to activate their sector, but at least right now, I don't advise you to do it, okay, because water might activate other things, you know, you activate wrong things already, maybe your armpit hair is dropping or stop growing, you don't blame me, alright? So we'll use a safe, I would say, way to do it. Some people activation is as simple as, okay, that time they open a fan or something, normally they don't open, they put a fan there, they just open like 10 minutes or something to stir up the energy on that month, okay, because that just now we discovered that February is a good month, right? So during February, I go to this area or I can move a furniture in and out just to stir up the energy a little bit, then it will get activated. So let's say you have a sofa there, for example, and then you just move in and out, which normally you don't move, if anything that you move every day, then it will not regard as activation. 

Of course, you don't move your sofa every day, right? So on that day, on that month, you move it, okay? Remember just now, Feb is one of those months, so during Feb 2026, I go to the area, if I have a standing fan or table fan, I switch it on for like 10 minutes, stir up the energy a little bit, it consider activation or you move something over there, all right? So use sound, sound I would say might not be the best, okay? Unless it's really loud, you know, better not, okay? So this is the one you can move, something heavy you can move on it, okay? Now, can I give you one more thing? Because the whole month, right, there are so many days. Since I'm activating the peak, among the Tung Shu chart, choose what day, peak day to activate, okay? Do you understand? Because my normal is peak, right? I found the sector, I overlay with the monthly star chart just now, and then, but it's only till the month, remember just now we go through the monthly star, it's only the month, right? Month, there are so many days. So you want to be more precise, among the month, choose the peak day. 

How do you know which one is the peak day? Because peak is my normal Monday, right? So you look at the Tung Shu calendar I sent yesterday, okay? You get a peak day, that day you can do it. Are you guys clear now? This is optional, if you are lazy, you don't want to choose the peak day, it's fine. Why choose the peak day? Because it's my normal month star. 

If your normal month star is other animal sign, then you choose that day. Okay, guys, understand? This is how you can use normal month for period 9, and this is important, it's a very important thing to do in period 9. Okay, now I want to give you one thing you need to know first. Every time you use the month star chart, first thing first, before start, for the big number, you avoid number 5. So you tell me, all the big number in 2026, where the number 5 resides? Where the number 5 is? South, right? You see all number 5? Yeah, so which means in 2026, if your normal month is in the south, you cannot use, because number 5 is 5 yellow. 

So every year, there's always a number 5. So how many of you here, your normal month star is horse? Okay, if your sin matter, definitely your normal month is horse, right? So, but you say, oh, but I want to activate south. Cannot, for this year. Then you use what? Beside horse, you got tiger, right? Use something else. 

Are you guys clear? Only this is, so this one, we rotate every year. This is the thing you need to take care. All right, so let me show you what I mean here.

So remember just now, I showed you the normal month chart. There we go. So you want to activate, right? You see, you look at, if your day master is sin matter, if you want to use the horse, you cannot use, because horse reside in the south. 

2026 south is the 5 yellow, you cannot use. So I put a sign here, okay? Are you guys clear? Only for this year, you cannot use, because it's a 5 yellow. So now, why I also cross this one? Because next year is the year of horse, isn't it? Horse clash with what? Rat. 

So the rat for 2026 also cannot use. So these are the two preliminary filtering you need to do before you implement this technique. Elaine asked if year 2255 yellow is in north-east, means we cannot activate north-east.

Let's say it's like that, then yeah, you cannot, you cannot activate, okay? So it's no choice, it's a main door, there's no choice, right? So it just happened like that. You don't, you don't, you cannot do anything, because you don't do anything extra. The main door is there first, before the 5 yellow come. 

So you still can use it, but you don't go and change your door on that year. You guys understand? It's more like who come first, okay? If your door is there, then there's a 5 yellow, if you don't, because you're the host, right? Then, then only they come to you, then that one is fine. But after the 5 yellow come, then you start renovate, then you trigger it.

That's the thing, okay? So 5 yellow, normally we would like to avoid the, the 5 yellow first, okay? Cool? Yeah, so now I'm telling you what, what did I share here, their three framework. First one is external, I'm telling you the right mountain location and the function of the location. I'm also telling you how do you identify a good wealth house, regardless either your period 1 or 2 until period 9. And also how do you move, choose where the desk is to tap in into a good wealth energy. 

Okay, and finally, how do you activate your Normalman? Because in period 9, Normalman formula is very useful, especially in this internet age, right? You need followers, you need to meet the right people, you want people to refer to you. Normalman style is the one. Yeah, now you have this, you look into your house again, you see a different way. 

We can do changes. And don't you think it's also useful when you're looking for a new house right now? Is it useful? Yeah, you measure direction, you plot a chart, you know how to plan everything. So this, what I'm sharing with you here is the one that I'm applying for myself and my client.

When I look at my house at the time, Normalman sector has to be good. If you use Normalman sector, it means you don't just rely on your parter chart, right? Because Normalman is not you, so they're immune to your parter chart. Let's say you don't have a good parter chart, you use Normalman. 

Yeah, you further enhance you, it might not be the smart move, right? You might get results, yes, but it'll be slower. But Normalman is not you. They have their own parter chart. 

So it's another way of helping you. Good? Okay, so I think you got all this. I think the team also sent you the 24 mountains rating as well, so you use that to check on your property. 

So Lucy asked if your house is a period 7 or period 8, are the wealth sectors still the same? Yes. We don't care what your house period is. We always look at the 4 wealth sectors. 

Do you guys understand? Yes, you understand. Basically, I don't care what period of your house is. The wealth formula is still the same because all of us here are in period 9 right now. 

And of course, the formula will change when we reach period 1, okay? But the changes also apply to all the houses. Same formula. But after period 1, the formula will be different, but it's not only different for period 1 house. 

It's different across. It's like a global update. Okay, cool? So I want you to digest a little bit here. 

Yeah, you can watch replay. Some of you are new here, but these are great stuff for you to get started on how to maximize your house using the Earthrealm to get the wealth energy. All right, I'm going to stop for a break right now for 15 minutes, and I'll see you on chapter number 5 very soon, okay? Take a break. 

Grab a coffee or something. Okay, the team just sent you the parter chart as well for 2026. So some of you requested that. 

Now you got it in the telegram already, okay? So while during the break just now, I actually go through some of the questions. So some of you here, you asked about day one question. I would say we rather don't do it here because you confuse a lot of people. 

Okay, so let's stick by one by one. So some of you asking day one question. I urge you to watch the replay, and then next time we discuss that again, right? If we cannot, then during some of our bonus session, we'll talk about it. 

So now, okay, let's look. Some questions here are related like Fren Chang. Okay, Fren Chang asked a question about identifying the facing of a landed property. 

So let me just show you this to answer Fren Chang's question. Okay, all right. So Fren Chang say, try to figure out facing direction of my house. 

Is it based on the front door facing? A house faces main road northwest, and the main door facing southwest. Okay, let's see. Let's do some drawing here. 

Okay, let's see. You need to bear with me because my drawing is pretty bad. Okay, let's say this is a landed house. 

Yeah, it's a house. All right, just in case you're wondering. So let's say the house here.

So now if I ask you to determine where is the facing, let's see. This is A, and this is B. Choose one. Is it A or B? If you were to decide. 

Okay, a lot of you here mentioned A. All right. Okay, cool. So I think what Fren Chang actually mentioned is maybe his main door is not here. 

Maybe it's here. That's where they get into the house. So now after this new piece of information, then where is the facing direction? It's still A. All right. 

So because a lot of us think facing direction is where the door is. That one is door facing direction, and we talk about the building facing direction. Okay, guys? Understand? There are certain techniques that use face direction. 

You're welcome, Fren Chang. So now you understand, all right? So we still pick A as the one. So as long as you remove the door equation into it, it becomes easy to you. 

Because most of the time, it's not easy to identify the facing direction. It's super easy. Like right now, if I'm talking to you, I'm facing here, right? Am I facing here? Yes? Directly here. 

Okay, so what if my finger pointing here, where am I facing right now? Here, A or B? A. Okay, good. So how do you know? I didn't teach you before? How do you know this? Instinct? Right, somehow you know one, right? So what I put another thing here, where am I facing? A, B or C? It's still A, right? What if I close my eyes? Still A. As now, since you get it, means you know how to identify facing direction. I didn't teach you that. 

You know one, you know? Yeah, where is the facing? Because most people, when they architect the design, there's always the facade of the building or the house. Okay, cool. All right, this is the thing. 

And some of you just might notice, you ask, why we need to, if you live in a high-rise building, why you need, why you look at the whole building instead of one unit itself? It's because, it's like this. Feng Shui Flying Star, let's say I, now, this is a high-rise building, okay? Okay, like that. So if you were to take the facing, we go down here and take, and not inside the unit, because Flying Star Feng Shui still consider this as one building. 

Yeah, it's still considered a one building, share the same roof. All the unit is just considered the room inside the house. You guys get, are you guys, do you feel me? All right, so you might, oh, I'm in the 10th floor and I'm in the first floor, it's still one, maybe one room inside the house, because all share the same roof.

Because inside your unit, you might not be facing here. Maybe your unit is facing here. Do I care? No, because I look as the building itself. 

You are just one of the building there. Okay, all right, so some of you ask about, what about is a building is a L-shape or C-shape? Why not I ask you again, what if it's a H-shape, J, P, Q, A, B-shape? Use your instinct. Okay, I cannot say you use a B, you look at, the house design will tell you. 

Yeah, imagine like you want to take a so-called, you take a photo, let's say a real estate agent, you want to list your house, so anyone can rent. Where do you take the photo from? Very likely that one will be the facing. Yeah, it's about the facade of the building. 

Are you guys okay? All right, so for Flying Star, we use the building facing, not the unit facing. There are other formulas, not Flying Star, they will use the unit facing. But when you apply Flying Star Feng Shui method, our reference point, obviously the whole building. 

Okay, are you guys clear? But not all Feng Shui methods, right? There are so many Feng Shui methods, right? Sam Kung Dagua, it mentioned, there are so many of it. So each of them require different criteria. Yeah, for example, if you use Shimon Feng Shui, they're more concerned about is your door sector.

Different. Are you guys okay with this? All right, you imagine each Feng Shui formula have their own criteria to come up with a reading, then you're fine. Okay, nice.

So I hope this answer your question. What if it's an S building, or Q, or W? Use your instinct. There are so many different, but most of it here is easy, right? Other than that, if you still cannot find out, ask your friend, where do you think it's facing? You know, like just now I asked you, right, where do I face? Instinctively, you know. 

Okay, Angelica asked, I would say, would you ever do Yi Jing Feng Shui webinar? I haven't done it before. Okay, that one is very technical. You need some very strong understanding about the Yi to do it.

Okay, for now. Yeah, maybe in future I can teach this. Yeah, but so far, no. 

I'm using more Flying Star Feng Shui because it's quick and it's fast. All right, I hope, I think all of you here, actually, I think I answered most of your question here. Okay, let's see.

Okay, Mondry asked, I live in a three-story building. I'm on the ground floor with my own door. So do I use my door, building door or building? So now, what do you think? After I explained to you, Mondry, you're living in a three-story building. 

I'm on the ground floor with my own door. So do you use my door as a building door? Of course, the building door. All right, because they are three. 

Now you get it, right, Mondry? All right, good. Okay, Todd asked, what do, if I can't find out year of birth of the house? It's 20 years. Come on. 

All right, if you cannot find, go and do research. Yeah, if you don't know when the house is built, go and do research. Yeah, ask the tenant or management. 

That one is not Feng Shui problem. That one is commitment problem. How far are you going to go to track it? Like some people that track the lineage? Yeah, do it. 

Yeah, don't just sit down there, right? Find information, do research. Chat with the township planner. Can explain if award rat and horse, why only number five award? Because number five in Feng Shui is called five yellow. 

So the energy is very volatile. So for beginner, we rather avoid it because it's like this, you know, five is, is more, you think like Emperor stuff. So a lot of people like to be Emperor. 

Yeah, but their life is not easy. Even a lot of people want to be Elon Musk, right? You see what's so cool, right? Bill of money, bitterness, private jet, but you don't want to be like him. It's hard to be like him. 

You don't know how much pressure you need to endure. Yeah. So many things happen at the same time. 

You need to run the company. There's so many companies that need to maintain profit. Look at the bottom line. 

A lot of people want the effect of it. Yeah. But the process, do you think anyone want to be, let me ask you, do you want to be Elon Musk? Not just the wealth, you know, is that the person who is every day, he need to go through all this.

You have to run a company. Do I have time to do this and that committed? No one want to. So if you go through number five, you have something like this and people don't like, you might get fired for no reason, or maybe there are some unpleasant setbacks. 

So we avoid it. For example, if you use number five, suddenly you got fired without no reason. And then after that, you went on your way back, discover your car broke down. 

So many things, right? So better not. People are like that, right? You cannot use people, try to use it. You think that's human nature, right? You tell them, don't dig that spot on the ground. 

They're going to dig it first. So for now, can you just don't use number five? Cannot, guys. Cannot. 

There are so many things you can use out of all of the things you still want number five, there are no point. They are like someone who purposely choose a drug addict to become their boyfriend because they want to change that person. You want to do it, up to you. 

But some people say, wait, why not I marry someone that is stable in their finance and everything. But I say, no, I want to find the hardest job in the world. I want to do it.

So if you want to, then of course, no one can stop you. But I always advise beginners, don't do that first. You might not have the tenacity or resilience to handle those volatility.

Okay. All right. No, the answer now, forbidden sector. 

Okay. All right. So now let's move on to this chapter number five. 

Let me just show you this first. Okay. So we go through number four now about Feng Shui. 

Chapter number five is about seven star path to modern wealth. Okay. How many of you heard about seven stars? Have you heard about it? Okay. 

All right. Good. A lot of you heard about it, right? So, and there'll be a lot of different version of this.

So I'm going to clarify and how can you make use of this to help you in your wealth journey. Okay. So, and, uh, in order to do this, first of all, I want to show you something that I discover while talking to some rich people. 

And after discussion with them, you know, I always like to ask those people, like, how do you make it? What are you, what, how you think about a situation? What are the mistake we should avoid in building wealth? I ask all those questions. Sometimes it's fun being a consultant, you know, people pays money to you to read their chart, but when you think is wonderful, if you're able to ask question back to the clients, sometimes I do ask back, you know, you had to get their wisdom or their great advice. So after so many years, so many years doing this, I actually compiled, there are three things that have been mentioned consistently among all the and I'm going to share with you right now. 

Okay. This is not metaphysics, but just to tell you, you know, success lives group. I want to go through this quickly first before I move into seven star path. 

Are you okay? All right. So there you go is the super rich playbook. The playbook here, it consists of three days. 

Okay. Let me show you this one. Okay, guys, can you send this to them and all? Let me explain.

You're going to get it shortly. Now I think they already sent it to you. Okay. 

So this one here, the first one, I think, you know, right? Remember yesterday we talk about value. So this, in summary, you need to be useful all the time. That's why you see a lot of rich people that continue to learn, even they already reached certain level. 

Yeah. It's not about making more money. It's about who they are. 

Yeah. It's just wired that way. So remember yesterday, we talk about value. 

All right. Value creation, they continue to improve. So that's the one.

So now in Pazer, you also can know that every year, whether your value or impact got increased or not. For example, let me show you a chart. You just need to scroll down from the start in your Pazer chart, scroll down here into this part.

Impact got to do with output. All right. So now this person original output at this location, but in 2025 is represented by the purple color diagram. 

Is it increased or decreased? The purple color diagram is here, right? Decreased. Less. So which means that his impact for this year generally will be lesser. 

So you need to what? Learn more, be more. This is how you use it. Okay. 

Let me give you another example here. Okay. For this chart here.

Now this is good. Original value is here. So this year is increased. 

What does it mean? Are you useful this year? Are you? Yes. A lot of impact you can make, right? So don't be lazy. There are so many people you can help, so many difference you can make. 

So don't waste the year. Easy. Okay. 

So therefore, but this is the advice, you know, from the rich, you need to be useful. And then now the second thing here, master cash allocation. So first of all, do you guys know what is your net? How much is your net worth? Do you know that some of you do, some of you don't know, some of you, you might have a ballpark figure of it. 

So if you want to be rich, you say master cash allocation. Yeah. This is very important because once I realize this, then I start to see improvement in my finance. 

Okay. So let me share with you this, this thing here. You must remember this. 

Okay. Now let me tell you how to use this. Net profit represent your salary after minus expenses. 

The remaining, let's say you, after minus all your expenses, you got 10,000. This is the ratio you need to put. Okay. 

60% in safety, 30% on investment and another 10% in NQA. So don't care. Every time you have money coming in, allocate in these three buckets when you're extra. 

You might think, Hey, Alison, I just make money from crypto. What should I do? Don't go and buy cars now. Reinvest the money, put it in 60% here and 30% investment and NQA 10%. 

Just don't think, just continue to do. That's what I do that time. I just repeat the whole process because in the end, actually, how do you allocate asset actually is not that hard, right? But the hard part is remaining consistent. 

So what do it mean? NQA means no question asked. So you can buy whatever you want. Let's say after you do this, after five years, you got 1 million here. 

If you're able to get 1 million here, you realize your safety will be six times more, right? So when no question means that you don't need to ask permission, you buy whatever you like. Yeah. You want to buy a 1 million worth of Labubu, do it.

You know it's Labubu, right? Yeah. Some people like to buy different version from different country Labubu. So no one can question you because you already plan for your safety and investment. 

Let's say today you make another 100,000 from investment. You still need to spread into three bucket. So your safety will continue to increase. 

And why it is so important? Because after that, after I do this, I start to see, yeah, I can actually grow my wealth easier and faster and compounding. Because investment, sometimes you make money, sometimes you lose money. Agree or not? Yeah. 

But if you do this, yeah, it will cushion your loss because you already know investment only represent 30% of your income. Okay. Is it easy? Yes, it's easy, but also easy not to do. 

Agree or not? We don't have a system. We just spend whatever we like. Oh, this one got new iPhone, I'm going to buy it. 

That kind of thing. No. All right. 

So if you want to buy an iPhone, which bucket are you going to use? MQA. All right. You will buy a new iPhone. 

Okay. No one, you will buy 10 also. Okay. 

No problem. Okay. Safety is the money you don't use. 

You just put in. It's right. Unless there's an emergency.

Okay. How does it feel if you have a fund of, let's say 10 million in your bank account, does it feel good? Yeah. This part, because you actually, you don't work for money anymore.

You still can work. Yeah. But if even you got fired, it's nothing to you. 

And when you don't have pressure of money while working, would you be a better worker? Would you be more productive? Yes. Yes, of course. Because you don't have stress. 

So the third thing here is learn energy management. Yeah. This is super important because a lot of people think rich people, they manage their time well. 

Yeah. It's a myth because the first thing they do here is not about the time. They don't maximize their time. 

They manage their energy so they can last longer. What's the point being burned out by having also many schedule in and out. They don't manage time.

So right. Time management, cancel the time, put energy management. Okay. 

So you can last longer, you know, to manage your time to do different thing, not only just doing until burn out, you do something you like. Yeah. You do connection with people. 

All this require energy one, you know. So only by that you are balanced, you can last longer. Then you can perform better in your business. 

So in the seven star path are related to this. How do you actually manage this energy? Well, so the energy supporting you rather than lead you to burn out. How many of you here have a feeling of burn out already? There are so many things to do. 

So many, uh, deadlines, you know, pressure from the boss. It's normal right nowadays, you know, but normal doesn't mean it's the right thing. Yeah. 

I talked to an area. I was, so they are very stressed. So therefore learn how to banish that. 

So metaphysics has a way to do it. So I am going to actually share with you this part, the seven star path. Okay. 

So, uh, some of you have heard about this before. Some of you don't. Let me explain first.

So do you realize that that is a number seven, right? So number seven is sort of like, um, a special number or a magic number. Yeah. Because not only in metaphysics, this one actually are stay consistently in different culture. 

Like if you look at age, uh, I would say ageless wisdom. Yeah. They talk about the seven planes, like physical, emotional, and then mental Buddhic, spiritual, monadic, and divine total of seven. 

And if you look at Hinduism teaching, have you heard about seven states of consciousness? Now, if you study Hinduism, right. So also seven, you know, so if you look at, uh, because they have a 40 lokas, right? Seven heaven and seven hell. And if you look at Islam also seven heavens, if you actually study the pilgrimage to Mecca, they're actually circling the Kaaba, right? The Muslim holiest building. 

And how many rounds they do that? Seven rounds for them to experience the glory of God. Also seven. Okay. 

So if you look at, if you learn yoga, we talk about energy. Don't you think we also learn about seven chakras? How many of you here are yoga practitioner? No. Also seven. 

Okay. So all of this here, if you trace back, they actually trace back to the, uh, to the stars. Okay. 

This stars here is, is consistent throughout. It's the seven deepest star of the Northern Deeper. Yeah. 

So you see this path here. That's why they call this the path. Okay. 

So in Taoism, in Taoism. Yeah. So they also symbolize the seven star of the North Deeper as walking the star or pacing the deepest. 

Yeah. So that's what they are talking about. So the seven dots here, the stars is their seat as a ladder to seven heaven, or they call this the garden of the immortals, immortal.

So therefore this seven star apply to Feng Shui, Purple Star Astrology, Qimen. If you learn Qimen, you know this. So this is the seven star in the galaxy. 

But the thing is, this star looks like it's moving, but it's not. All right. Because, uh, it's always there, but because due to our earth keep orbiting the sun. 

So therefore by tracing the, uh, all this movement that plot into your Qimen chart, some of you learn Qimen chart, you actually discover that there are seven star. Some, sometime you get a one star, two star and seven stars, right? So that's where it is coming from. Okay. 

So now once we do this, let me share with you this, uh, this seven star here. There we go. Okay. 

Start from the bottom. Yeah. It looks like chakras, right? So you start from the bottom and then you go up to the sun. 

Sun is a seven, uh, uh, seven star. So let me give you some, uh, layman explanation here. So there you go.

So at the bottom, okay, guys, can you send, do you want this slide by the way? So fast. Very good. So now you see, this is a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, instead of just looking at ice, lighting, thunder and all this. 

So these are the meaning of it or the nature or the essence of the star. So in the old days, in the old days, how they get energized from this star is through this. Okay. 

If you look at the sky, you don't have the, this line. All right. Okay. 

This is people tracing it. So when in the old days, the Taoists, they want to erect or so-called connecting or borrow the energy from this seven star north deeper, they actually pacing or patao, we call it pacing the stars. So they walk the seven star path. 

So they follow this position, you know, to actually, uh, like they walk based on the path of the seven star to make a wish. How many of you here walk the seven star path before? Yeah. Sometimes we teach people how to do that, right? If you are in a disturbance club. 

Yeah. Why? Because it actually follow the path under the belief that as above, so below. So when you mimic the pattern of the path, then you get those energy. 

Okay. So that's how they walk on the earth to receive the energy because they follow the trail. It's a pattern universe energy recognized pattern. 

So that do it. Now, you know why you need to walk in certain way after you walk, then you make a wish, right? So this is the old days we show, but old days, the ritual are more complicated. Yeah. 

They need to select a certain timing. They need to draw some blood from the chicken. If you watch some Chinese movie, the ancient one, right. 

They set up a table, the author, and then, or, and that's always the chicken one. I don't know why. And then they kill the chicken with the blood and then they mix with the charm, something like that.

Okay. Then only to do the seven star path. Yeah. 

So now in the current world, in the modern days, they just do a prayers and then they walk the path. So the consistent part is the movement. Of course, right now, at least ask me to teach you how to walk. 

Okay. You know how to walk, right? Okay. So, oh, you're talking about seven star path, is it? Okay. 

So if you're talking about seven star path, yes, there are some Qimen program. Last time we did, we teach that, but don't worry right now, I'm not teaching you how to walk, but I've, I discover a better way to do this. Do you want to know how? Okay. 

You think about this, right? In the old days, in order to enact or to connect to those energy, they follow the trail. So it follow the characteristic of the star. So instead of trail, if I can do another way, also consistent with the seven star path principle, would it still work? Like knowing the meaning of each stars, then I do action related to those stars instead of walking. 

Is it possible or not? So I didn't change the formula. I just change the way to follow the pattern. Old days, they use movement, but now, since we know the meaning of the stars, if I do according to the meaning from one to seven, will I still get connected or not? Yes. 

As above, so below. So now if you look at the, uh, that's the reason I come up with this, uh, the meaning of each of the seven star path. So if you understand this, all the seven, then you are connected.

And how do we do this? You see, I already sent you this slide, right? Okay. Let's say number one, number one is the survivor star. Yeah. 

This is a star about uncertainty, right? When in a place where, or maybe in a war zone country, you don't know where they're going to survive tomorrow. They are lack of food. So number star, number one, when you are in danger, do you think about, uh, what, uh, which company should work for, or should I actually, um, meet girls tomorrow to get married? You don't have those plans because I want to buy a 100 inch TV. 

No. When you're in survival stage, security is the most important. Your goal here is just to survive another day. 

Make sense? Right? So that is the feeling. So scarcity, so they're unsafe. They fight to survive. 

That is number one star. So then you transit to desire when you're okay. A little bit, you have food to put on the table. 

This, you start to want things. You have desire. We have passion. 

So you have greed. You want more and more. Don't you think it's a human nature? Therefore, second star, star number two is about desire. 

Now, after you get more things, you want more, you get, then the third thing here, the material possession no longer satisfies you because you need recognition. You need power. You need status. 

Agree or not guys? Everyone start off wanting to be rich, right? Once they become rich, what happens? They say, okay, what was the point of having rich, but I don't have status. No one knows me. I'm nobody, right? So therefore it's the power part. 

So finally, on the level number four, this, I'm telling you one to three, the first one to three level here is a very unenlightened state because they're always angry. They always want more. They're focused more on themselves. 

Isn't it? It's all about me, me, me. So when they're rich, number four is connection. This connection means connection with yourself. 

It's a stage where consciousness begin, self-acceptance. So where self-awareness start to happen, they start to see their thought, they will evaluate their feeling and everything. So therefore this is where they are in the middle. 

They are neutral. Okay. So now move on to start. 

Number five is about growth. This is the part that you start to aware. You want to do good for others. 

There's a power of a group of people, work together, teamwork. So that one is under group because it's very slow. If you want to grow alone, right? So there's, this is about gathering people together. 

And finally, they'll go to us because I want you to know that number four is the middle line. This part here, there's growth means because here always me. All right. 

One, two, three, always me. When you go to five and above is always we already. So the growth represent other people.

And then number six is intuition. So this is a level that people can manifest. If your own destiny chart, you're level six, which means you're good in manifestation because you have a strong intuition. 

But only problem number six also means they easily depressed sometime because sometime they manifest light. Sometime they manifest darkness, right? So to be aware, but their intuition is strong. This is a part that win the war through the mind. 

You think about this. If you look at all this, uh, uh, true of history, what, what kind of war is the most, uh, the biggest and the most, uh, that affect millions of people, anything got to do with what religious, uh, uh, when, uh, when it's a religion, uh, interfere people willing to fight for it, agree in the old So therefore this level is the mind level. And finally the soul level, this one is not easier.

You know, this level here, besides just carry for human, you start to care for animal. You start to care for creatures. You want to save the wheel or something. 

All right. You feel that, right. You have compassion with the environment, uh, that, that, that level.

Uh, so you can know your default from the, your own destiny chart, but right now I'm not concerned about your destiny chart, what level, but the key thing here is if I know all the nature of these seven star and I convert that into, um, uh, problems, uh, nature, because all of these star got their own problems, uh, money problems. And then I manifest according to these seven problems. Then I got a formula to actually help me to move forward in my finance, in my financial world. 

Yeah. That's the whole reason we do this now. Once you know this, let's start with number one. 

Number one is survival. How many, how many of you here still remember what, uh, what is about this survival? So remember survival is what is safe. No, they're constantly on alert, right? Yeah. 

They need to be present because anytime things could happen. So now let me show you the next slide here. When you talk about seven star, star number one is about member survival, right? So if your problems are related to finance instability and income uncertainty, sometimes you get, sometimes you don't. 

All right. So how many of you have this problem? Sometimes you can make money. Sometimes it's not, it's not consistent. 

Yeah. One part-time job over another. All right. 

So your problem right now can relate, can trace back to star number one. Okay. So now we know the problem. 

What is the yin and yang? What is the counter aspect of this? Is achievement manifestation, what we call flow of consistent abundance. You need that. Okay. 

You need the manifestation of flow of consistent abundance. And why I'm showing you, um, this one here, um, Ambassador and Earth. Whenever in achievement, any box you find a bad Ambassador and Earth, you, this is what we call flow of consistent and abundance to help you to mitigate this problem. 

Okay. All right. So now the team, please send the achievement day chart to them. 

All the four day charts. No, no, no. I'm not asking this guys in a PDF file. 

Now this is 2.9 already, you know, 2.9 too fast, right? Yeah. So yeah, better delete it. Okay. 

So send them the yesterday achievement day chart under the PDF folder. There are four months. Remember yesterday, some of you asked why suddenly disappeared is because yesterday, that one is for today. 

Okay. By now, yes, that's the one you see October and then the rest will come soon. Okay. 

I see November already. And, uh, and so do the rest of it. All right. 

So I give you four months. So now since you need to look at Ambassador and Earth, so you need to look back each of the day that comply to this. Okay. 

So, uh, that is the whole idea of doing this. So remember Ambassador and Earth, right? So now let me show you one chart here quickly. Okay. 

This is what I, uh, we sent to you just now. Do you see the achievement chart right now? Okay. Okay. 

Now do you see Earth and Ambassador on this day? Can you see it? Yes. Yeah. This is not the only one. 

So, but the thing here you need to trace. So if your problem are related to finance and uncertainty, back to Southeast for manifestation on 1st of January, in this case, of course, there are more dates that comply to this. I just show you an example. 

So why I'm sending you this, you just need to concern about this part. The rest, you can ignore. This is why we send extra for you. 

So you feel happier. That's it. Okay. 

But the real usage here is this one. This one, by the way, is achievement day chart. It's a day. 

So it changes every single day. So if that's what you need, pay attention on 1st of January 2026. If you want this, start path number one about survival, you're back to Southeast. 

Everyone clear? Okay. You ask, do I need anything else? No. The rest you can ignore. 

It's a whole day, if you want to take care of so many things, after two years, you also cannot manifest. You only can see your friends become richer and richer, but not you. You keep thinking you want to unwind everything. 

Too late. Period 9, you need to focus. There are no perfect day. 

You need to be okay with it. Just like a person, right? Your spouse, right? Are they perfect? No. So do you not perfect, right? Does that mean you need to continue to fight? No. 

You need to live with that. As long as there's something you like about them, I would say it's pretty good. Okay. 

For all the guys here, what is the definition of a good wife? What do you think? If your wife are also learning, please don't say anything. You create World War III, okay? So now, to my best explanation, a great wife is someone who forgives her husband when she is wrong. Okay? Do you understand this? I think you get the point, right? It's very deep, but I think even the girls will agree.

A great wife definition is they're willing to forgive their husband when she is wrong. If you're able to adopt this mantra, I would say you have a great relationship forever. Girls, do you like this mantra or not? Okay. 

Now, let's jump back to wealth, all right? So I deviate a little bit. So basically, when they do something wrong, they'll forgive their husband. Basically, that's what the point is, okay? So now, so you look for ambassador. 

Why is like this? Okay, let me share with you. If you learn Shiman, you know ambassador, the way they make money is not like commission, sudden, it's fluctuates. No. 

The way they make money is consistency. You see your consistency here? And earth element represents something stable. If you abundance, it's not because I make a lot, but they have gratitude. 

Do you need this? Do you need gratitude? Yes, right? Otherwise, you want to give you like so much money, you always keep thinking it's not enough. So a lot of CEO want to make money, right? I always ask people, how much is enough for you? If it's not due to chasing money forever. So the earth star tells you what is enough. 

Now you see the point here, right? Because survival state, they can't do this. They can't think about this because in their world, it's always scarcity. So this will be combating star one problem.

Okay, understand? All right. Now, the team will send you this slide. It will soon appear. 

Wow, so fast. Very good. Okay. 

Star number one. Are you guys okay? Let me know if you're okay, if you're still breathing. Okay, good. 

All right. So now, next one. Star number two.

Star number two is about debt and overwhelming expenses. How many of you have this? You just pay like the minimum payment on your credit card every month, and you're overwhelmed with a lot of expenses. And then some more to add, I would say, put the sawn into the wood further. 

Suddenly, you receive a call that your wife just ordered another Amos bag, but it's under your tab. So basically, your credit card being charged again, and that kind of thing. So that's what I call overwhelming expenses. 

So if you have this issue you want to solve, the solution here is this. Debt release frequency. So all you need to do is do what? This one is not so easy. 

You need to look for three elements. The earth stabilize, because the earth is the one that stopped the bleeding. Stabilize first. 

Okay, and then the life door, of course, is money. And disruptor is to disrupt the pattern. If you already in debt, what is opposite of that? Okay, it changed, right? It makes money. 

So therefore, for this, disruptor is like, you know, like you ground digging, destroy something, or allow you to breathe, because now you are stuck. So the disruptor here is like digging the earth. So the life door, the life force will come out.

So you are breather. So you don't feel so overwhelmed. Okay, so then if you need this, or maybe in the future, or your friend need this, then you need this element. 

So some of you say 4th of November. Very good. Let's look at 4th of November, everyone. 

So see whether you got this or not. Thank you. Thank you, Aspen.

So let's check whether 4th of November have this formation or not. So fast. Okay, look at 4th of November. 

So you see the northwest sector. You're right, Aspen. So many. 

Now more coming up. Okay, good. So let's use one example here. 

4th of November. So let me... Okay, do you see it here? You got earth. You got disruptor. 

You got life door. Confirm. So when you see this, you got what? Depth release frequency. 

So since it's northwest, back to northwest on that day, 4th of November, and then ask for something you want at that day. So basically is to overcome your depth. Okay, cool. 

Why they have depth or not? Do you want to know why they have depth? Why star number 2 is related to depth? Because remember...

What is opposite of that? Okay, it changed, right? It made money. So therefore, for this, disruptor is like, you know, like you ground digging, destroy something or allow you to breathe because now you are stuck. So the disruptor here is like digging the earth.

So the life door, the life force will come out. So you are breather. So you don't feel so overwhelmed.

Okay, so then if you need this, or maybe in the future or your friend need this, then you need this element. So some of you say 4th of November. Very good.

Let's look at 4th of November, everyone. So see whether you got this or not. Thank you.

Thank you, Aspen. So let's check whether 4th of November have this formation or not. So fast.

Okay, look at 4th of November. So do you see the northwest sector? You're right, Aspen. So, so many now more coming up.

Okay, good. So let's use one example here. 4th of November.

So let me, okay, do you see it here? You got earth, you got disruptor, you got life door. Confirm. So when you see this, you got what? Depth release frequency.

So since it's northwest, back to northwest on that day, 4th of November, and then ask for something you want at that day. So basically is to overcome your depth. Okay, cool.

Why they have depth or not? Do you want to know why they have depth? Why is number 2 star, number 2 is related to depth? Because remember just now number 2 star is grid, right? Yeah, they want more. That's why they buy a lot of stuff. Now they're in trouble.

That's the meaning. Okay, now, guys, can you send star number 2 to them now? Why suddenly there are so many? You only send one time, okay? I think they get too excited already. I don't know what happening.

Okay, okay. Now you get the star 2 already, good. So now star 3. Okay, this one star 3 is much better than star 2 problems because you're feeling stuck at the current income level.

It does not mean you're being troubled by depth, but you are now you feel like, okay, I've been earning this same amount for the last few years. You want to ask for promotion increment, the boss somehow turn away. So how many of you have this thing? You feel like you have no growth because number star number 3 is about growth.

They want recognition, remember? Yeah, this star. Okay, if you feel like this, then you need this. A breakthrough, true prosperity.

Okay, this one is very, it's not that hard. You need light door about money. Okay, and then the deity, the top, you can have chief or heaven.

Because these two star is a star about asking for good stuff, positive stuff. There is a rich fulfilling star, either chief or heaven. And what you're asking? Light door, right? You want more money, right? But this one come with one thing.

It needs to be in the Southwest. That's the thing here. All right, now this one, it become a bit not so easy, right? When we add this into the equation.

Okay, so now let's look at December 19. Can you look at December 19? Okay, all right, December 19. Is it the one you have this? Or I don't know which one.

Let someone say December 19. No, okay, 17. Okay, guys, look at December 17.

Do you see this in the Southwest? Okay, let me share with you. Okay, December 17, Southwest. Because the criteria has to be in Southwest, right? So do you see a chief? Does it comply? And you need a light door.

And what is the third criteria? Southwest. Three things can happen. Do you able to find it or type the word yes, if you're able to find this.

Okay, all right, there are more. Yeah, I just give you one example, guys. All right, there are more, probably there are two or three.

But I want you to know this is the one. So now, some of you just now ask why Southwest? Anyone know why is only Southwest? Do you know why is Southwest not the other box? Do you want an explanation for this? Okay, all right, now I'm telling you, okay. So it's like this, because now you're talking about you're hitting a plateau, right? You cannot rise to the next level.

So what needs to happen? In Qimen, a new beginning, a new chapter, a new things, it come with the death door. Death door is a new beginning. But people don't like death door.

Yeah, death door means that the whole process of change, right, it could be painful, right? How many of you here want to use death door as manifestation? No one, right? Because they're afraid, no matter what you tell them, they will avoid it. I'm telling you 95%, they just say like that. But when I ask you to manifest on death door with a lot of black colors, now you know, okay? So it's easy, right? But when you're there, they'll ask, I will say, are you sure or not? Got death and emptiness, all black colors there.

Koken matters some more. People are afraid. So the way, okay, Lim Yong San asked why the heaven is not required.

It's not that it's not required. It's because you either use heaven or chief, okay? So since you have, why is like this? Because the original death door is in Southwest, okay? Original. So now you apply a life door away, you get the new beginning, but the process becomes smoother.

Not a lot of pain. You remember pain, it's just like that. Someone asks you to break off with your boyfriend or girlfriend and start a new one.

Not so easy if you're deeply in love, right? So instead of using death door, it might be painful to a lot of people. We just use as the original location, that death door. Then we add the light door there, make it pleasant and come with a chief.

Then now this one become a pleasant experience. Do you guys understand? Type the word, yes, if I understand. Okay, if you don't understand, it's fine because you don't need that information to apply it.

All you need to remember how to find the criteria. Then on those days, you're back to Southwest to do it. Is this strategy interesting? Now you see another possibility of using Chima, right? This is how you use death door properly.

Okay, cool. So how many more? Have I run through all the stars yet? Okay, not yet. Okay, guys, you see the star number three in your telegram right now.

Send it to them. Okay, cool. Now let me show you number four now.

Number four is missing opportunities or bad timing. Okay, so because number stars is the middle point, so it seems like they've gained, I would say consciousness. So they haven't actually noticed what is good, what is bad yet.

That's number four in the middle. You just imagine they're just awakened. So if you feel like you're missing opportunities or you're always in a bad timing, whenever you go interview, there's always someone that get your job.

Or sometimes when you're about to get promoted, then you did something wrong and then you give chance to others to get promoted instead. Okay, or sometimes you say, oh, I should invest in this five years ago, but I didn't. How many of you actually experienced this before? Someone asked you to invest on something and say, I read for a while and then you totally forgot about it.

But after five years, you see the price skyrocketed and then now you regret. Okay, so which mean this one is, if you attend yesterday about heaven sync, this one is something related to that. You're out of sync with the heaven rhythm.

Okay, so if you want this, then you can look at this. Rewind timing activation. We call this, okay, this one is easy and all.

Yeah, easy. You just look for heart and open door. Because this, when you have this, because heart is a Qian Gua, open door also a Qian Gua.

When they come together, they become heaven hexagram. If you learn Yijing, so it's associated with heaven timing. There you go.

All right, so if you look back at, I would say this one is not hard to get at this one. You look at 19 December. Any day you can get this, a lot of time.

You look at 19 December, there'll be a good one. Do you see it, 19 December? Okay, you see here, heart, open door. Okay, this one, although this the only criteria we need, but do you see this Envoy here? Envoy make it even better.

Although it's not part of the criteria, but you have it extra for you. Envoy basically means 10X the door. And some of you got chief, right? Chief is a powerful star because it's the leader star.

So, but actually what you need is this and open door only. That's it, yeah, but if you are expert in achievement, you can further choose. This is very common.

This date, you can easily find this. So you try to add on with other stuff inside. But in order to use, you just need these two element.

Okay, then ask for better timing. And now the star number four will appear in your telegram. Okay, star number five.

Remember star number five related to growth about other people. So if you have problem, you're always attracting the wrong clients, jobs or partner. How many of you have this problem? Not everyone here though.

So you're always wondering why I keep attracting wrong people in my life. Then you need star, this star number five. Okay, I see there are few of you, Sonia, Selena, Mona.

Okay, so now if that is your problem, then you need this manifestation. What kind of manifestation is this? There you go. Magnet of aligned wealth.

All right, you need to align. You attract wealth, basically right people into your life. Because now you know, if you learn achievement, harmony represent working together.

Assistant means beneficial. This is a great star. Assistant also represent creativity.

So you form synergy. Because assistant is a wood element. It's a growth star.

They come with harmony means we grow together. So if you're able to detect this in the achievement chart, then you'll be good for you. So guys, have you found any? Yeah, let me know if you found any.

Okay, I think 7th Gen, you have one. So you look at 7th Gen first. Okay, let me bring out.

You're able to notice 7th Gen? Okay, let me look it quickly for you. Okay, now I loaded 7th Gen. So do you see this element there? Southwest, do you see it? Okay, good.

Ask for what? Attracting the right people, right jobs or right partner. That is the one. Okay, now you get it in your Telegram channel.

So we'll ask, oh, they got the depth and emptiness. You still can use. Depth and emptiness means that you might not get the full power.

It's a year-end sales, maybe 50% sales. So you got 50% better than nothing. Okay, Qin Chongwei, you still can use DE.

All right, next one. How many of you here actually, this is star number six. Because intuition level, they think too much.

They attract darkness sometimes. So how many of you have this problem? Intense problem. This one is normal if your feeling is not intense.

But some people, they're so fearful of losing money. In the end, they do nothing. They cannot sleep at night.

They have that intense fear of losing money or making financial mistake. Therefore, they don't do anything just to be safe. But you know that one will not be the long-term strategy.

You need courage because you think about this. People that actually make more money than you does not mean they are more intelligent than you. But they have courage to start something, right? So therefore, if that is the thing you want to overcome, star six problem, you need the courage of wealth.

Okay, in this case here, for the top right, you need either chief or heaven. Either one because there's only one spot here. Either chief or nine heaven.

And then you need a grass. And then you need a humdor. Yeah, grass.

The humdor represent courage to attack, to pursue. But if someone is not smart, doesn't have courage, it will lead to very dangerous, right? It can die anytime. So therefore, you need wisdom.

So the grass gives you the wisdom, the intellect. And with courage, then only you become powerful. Courage alone is dangerous.

Agree or not? You just charge forward. Yeah, you might not know whether it's something worth pursuing or not. But with the grass, they know.

They are smart. Okay, so now if you look at the chart again, the day chart. Which one? Look at November, 12th of November.

This one later, or you can check yourself. But I just give you a shortcut here first. Look at 12th of November.

Do you see something? Where is the humdor? You look at this. No, not set. Hold on, let me check.

Okay, 8th of November. Do you find the humdor? Where's the humdor? South palace. Do you see it? South palace.

You got heaven or chief. Either one will do. You have grass.

And then you have humdor. Then back to the south on 8th of November. And then ask for more courage.

And then now this one will be in your telegram right now. And finally, star number seven. Okay, all right.

So this star is more evolved level. This is a problem that by a lot of rich people. Yeah, they make money.

But they got one problem. Never feel of having enough despite earning more. It's a feeling.

They always think that there are more to come. Although they make a lot of money. How many of you here have this problem? It's a good problem, right? At least you got money.

You just need to fix your feeling. So okay, EK Fong say yes. Okay, all right.

So if that is you, then you need this. A seal of lasting prosperity. You have to know that you'll be all right in long term.

It's a feeling. Okay, you don't have to worry. So now if you look at here.

You have this ambassador. Of course, it's money. Ambassador is a steady wealth.

Because you need to feel that everything is sealed, right? Nothing changed. So now the heaven represent long term. Nourishment, you know, you'll be all right.

It's a legacy. And then rest door represent what? Relax. Calm down.

You also represent family. So rest door with my heaven represent legacy wealth. Something long lasting.

Generational wealth. There you go. Okay, so if this is the one problem you have.

Then it's a good problem. Everyone also want this problem. You look for November 12th.

Scroll back your chart to the PDF file that look for November 12th. Okay, let me show you the November 12th chart. All right.

Do you see it here? And the south as well. You got heaven. Important.

You got ambassador star. You got rest door. These are the one.

Okay, so back. If that is a problem back to the south, do this. And now you see here, this is called envoy.

Do we like the envoy? Do we like it? What is the purpose of envoy? 10x. So 10x what? The rest door. What is the rest door mean just now? Relax.

Chill. Good. So it gives you the feeling of, you know, you know, you just, you feel you're not enough now.

You feel contented. You're okay. All right.

So now the team here will send you star number seven. This is how we use Shiman to deal with this, relate and connect to the financial issue that a lot of people are facing. Okay.

So now do you like this? Do you like this way of using seven stars? All right. Good. So which one is your problem right now? Type in, type in the chat box right now.

Okay. You need not to follow one to seven. You know, sometimes you feel that sometimes you feel that you need not to.

Okay. Some of you say all. Very good.

Now we'll find a way. So you can, you could be at one, you can be at two. You need to follow the order because some of you, you already have number one.

You already mastered that part because number one is survival, right? So if you right now you're okay, which means you already collected number one. So it's like mission. Do you play a game? You need to collect all the seven stars.

Imagine this. So anything that is not your problem, you already collected. You just need to collect the thing you're missing.

Your goal here is to collect all seven. Then you become unstoppable. Do you get what I mean? Anything is not your problem means you already have it.

Okay. All right. So you manifest this.

So now. Okay. All right.

So you manifest this. So now how many of you here have this? Number one is your problem. Type in me again.

Okay. All right. So number one is about what? The problem of, you know, there are no consistent income.

So if you are that group of people, all right, so let me help you out more here. I'm going to give you the mantra on what to say on that specific date. You just need to read this out.

It covered all the essence of star number one. Instead of you need to figuring out what to say. Okay.

Number one. There you go. You get all this.

Okay, guys, can you send star one manifestation mantra to them? This is finding this right. Powerful. Find the right achievement chart.

You back to it. Okay. Any question you can ask me now.

Okay. Irene Lim asks, can open eyes and read it while doing manifestation? Yes. Or if you still want to close your eyes, you can open one eyes and one cut.

One eye is closed, but it will look weird. If that made you happy. Okay.

But in the end, it's nothing to do with your eye. All right. Okay.

In the end, it's just. Right. Don't you think it's weird, right? You do like that.

I'm afraid that. Okay. People think you're crazy.

Okay. So now, basically, it's just read it out the mantra. That's it.

Violator asks, is it better to wait in a well palace? No, it doesn't do anything. It'll just read the right time. Just back to it.

You'll get the thing. All right. Some of you ask, is it the hour chart work? If you can select the hour chart, also can.

No problem. Okay. No problem.

We can use the day chart or hour chart. Okay. Good.

Good. Good. Okay.

Why the others don't have? Oh, yeah. You want the rest of the mantra or not? Some of you asking why number one only. You want the rest of the mantra? Okay.

I'm not that bad one, right? I should prepare everything for you already. Since you ask, then I decided to share with you now. Okay.

Can you send them star number two until star number seven? Just in case your family member need it. Now you get something to pass to them. Okay.

It's coming. It's coming. Yeah.

Lanzing did. Be patient. Okay.

It's coming. All right. So now it's easy.

You don't even need to think. Okay. Just open your eyes.

And read the mantra. Okay. Have you? Is it complete now? Let's see.

One, two, three, four, five. Okay. Two more.

Two more come. Then you're complete. So now when you do all these five, you have all you have this seven star path energy with you.

Okay. Okay. Ricky say asking for a friend.

Thank you. Yeah. You can share with your friend.

And I can help more people that way. Okay. Brian Benson say, is the hour stronger than the day? No, no difference.

Okay. The most important is how bad you want it. Your intention.

Okay. Good. Good.

Nice. All right. So this is the seven star pathway of manifesting.

Okay. So now some of you here, I, I being told that you are actually not able to attend yesterday. Right.

So I want to just give you some heat up yesterday. I don't want to miss this. Yesterday.

We actually talk about one interesting thing because there's a new program I'm doing. I haven't launched yet. This is called the heaven code.

If you attended yesterday, you know about this. If you haven't, this is the, the new program is about date selection. If you're interested in this election for period nine success, alignment, and prosperity.

Yeah. These are the two this is a four and five of April is a time. This cost will be conducted.

Okay. Why is it so important? Because most of us here, we are out of sync. So the whole purpose of this program is to get you in sync with the heaven rhythm.

Means doing things at the right time at the right day as well. So now we're going to fix the heaven rhythm part. And how do we do this? Yeah.

In this program here, we divided into three area, man realm, earth realm, and heaven realm. So if you look at the man realm, this is like what normal people do. Date selection for marriage, for marriage, to make important decision, to attend interview, negotiation.

And that second level also important because focusing on you. When is the right time to manifest? Cultivation, virtual cultivation, inner peace, grounding. You need the right dates to do that.

And then finally, we also look at the higher level. When you master the man realm and earth realm, you go to the next level is a heaven realm. Yeah.

So this is where we're talking about synchronicity, divine intervention. And some of you are powerful. You can even tap to miracle frequency as well.

So things just happen for you. Okay. So this, and all these three levels here are aligned to period nine frequency.

So this is the first time I'm doing this and I won't repeat this program again. If you think this is something you want, there you go. Now, I think all of you here also know that we have a VIP bonus for this, right? So the well prophecy for 226.

This is the one I do it every year. Right. And then we see great result for this.

So if you join us today, you're going to get this bonus. And one more is this feng shui activation. So we call this feng shui circuit breaker.

So where you talk about feng shui activation blueprint for period nine. And yesterday I know some of you not able to join us because the payment system at that time are not working very well. So you might think you're not part of the turkey.

So we talked to the team. So we able to accept it because that time is not your fault. So if you're thinking, we're not a part of 30, you are.

So therefore you want to be, or to get these two bonus, this is the time to do this. And let me summarize everything for you for here. In total is 2291.

If you decided to join us today, you get the heaven code, the core program, well prophecy as bonus and feng shui activation as a bonus. In total is 2291. But today is 597.

I also told everyone, if you think this is right for you, one time only, instead of 597, you're going to only need to pay 497, but that is a limited time for this. All right. It's going to actually increase once the allocation slot is there.

So if you want this, this is the best time to get this. So the offer will expire in 24 hours because I haven't launched this yet. This is a private launch.

After that, we'll close this again. One more round for Telegram channel subscriber. Okay.

So now take a look at this. This is the link. Yeah.

You talk to the team. I think you saw the message right now. Carrie is there.

So you just click the link and secure the bonuses. And with the price 497. Just like last time, because we announced to you first, remember the bond for wealth? We start with 497, but the time after, no long after that, it increased to 597 again.

Okay. So if you really want this, this is the best time to get this. Okay.

All right. So now main bonus, two of it, and then the core program, the heaven code. It's about date selection because no matter what is the thing to do, without the right date and time, you don't get the result that you wanted.

Okay. How many of you are already joining me? I saw Sophia say you already enrolled. Wow.

Okay. Congratulations. And the thing here is, we're going to start with the bonus first.

Wealth Prophecy. Because that was for 226. So we're going to set one date in January next year before you attend the heaven code on April.

Okay. A lot. Some of you say just join.

Congratulations. Saren team. So Catherine said, will there be a registration for us European? Yes, you can join us because this is online.

All right. You can learn from anywhere as long as you have internet connection. So you can do that.

All right. Good. So we're going to stop for 15 minutes break.

And then when we come back, we go on to chapter number six, which we talk about investment. Okay. I'll see all of you here in 15 minutes time.

Okay. Welcome back. Okay, everyone.

Okay. So just now while during the break, I saw some of your question. I think one of it is Susan Ong actually asking, do we actually need to follow from style one until seven in the sequence? The answer is no.

You ignore the sequence. You only use the one that you need. Okay.

So this is the one way, actually, you can actually collecting all the seven stars. The one that you don't need, it means that you already have it. Because this seven star is energy point.

So you only just need to fix the rest of it. Some of you probably already have six out of seven. How many of you here, you already have half of it done? Type that with me.

Or at least half of it. Among all the seven. Wow.

So many of you. Okay. Good.

Nice. Yeah. So if you have all the seven, basically, you need not to join the Born for Wealth class.

Okay. But now it's too late. You already joined.

So now. Okay. Christina asked, do you need to repeat several times? One time is enough.

Okay. The rest, you need to take action. One time is enough.

After food, remember three times. If you want to. The day after food.

The best one. Just joking. All right.

Just one time. Now. Okay.

Ricky asked, when we do manifestation for seven star, is it facing or backing? Backing the direction. Okay. Ricky is about backing.

Okay. Joseph asked, relationship among divination, manifestation and forecasting. Okay.

I don't know. Is it a question or a statement? I don't understand your question, Joseph Paul. Maybe you can rephrase and ask me again.

Okay. Angelica said, the hour to manifest is not important right now. You need not to.

I know some of you like to use hour chart. Some of you, you want to use day is fine. Is most I'm telling you, is nothing to do with the technical part.

Is that person intention? How bad you want it? That is the one make the difference. Because now you're connecting, right? So how far your energy can project out to initiate or invoke the response from the universe. That one require a strong intention.

Just like everyone tell me they want to be a millionaire. Yeah. I was, yes.

I say, why not? Of course, right. That is a dumb question. Of course, everyone want to make a big, make their first million.

But the true effect is they don't want it. They just only want it when it's convenient. If you ask them to do so many things to become rich, they'll say, Oh my God, I thought it's just a push a push a push a button, but it's not right.

Then they give up. Basically, they only want something when it's handed to them. Okay.

That burning desire is important in manifestation. When you have a desire, which is energy and you merge with the time energy, then manifestation become real. So some of you here, you ask about something like you want to become rich.

I mean, from level zero to 10, how intense that feeling is. Most of the people, they're only four or five. So when you're level nine or 10, you will make it happen by hook or by crook.

You do whatever it takes. That is the level you need to achieve. You want something so bad.

When people ask about timeline, like, when do you think I will achieve this? The intensity is not strong. If your intensity is strong, your drive is strong, you don't even concern. You will make it until it works.

For example, like for ladies, right? When you have a baby and then you train them to walk. So if your baby still cannot walk, if someone come over and ask you, how long you want to train your children or your baby to walk until you give up? If you are the mother, what would you say? You say, are you crazy? I'll train my baby until he walks. That is drive.

No timeline. Because inside, you know, I'll make it happen. When you reach to that point, then manifestation become very easy to manifest.

Joseph Paul asked a question. Okay. Thanks for rephrase your question.

Now I understand your question now. So is it divination same as manifestation? No. Divination is you get an answer or you get advice or counsel from the universe.

Manifestation is you want certain outcome. You ask for results. One, you need advice.

The manifestation normally is you want something. You want to achieve something. Basically, you cut the process.

For example, like you manifest, like you, if you fall in love with someone, right? And you manifest for that person to have the same feeling, mutual feeling, you use manifest. If divination, you just can ask, will this person love me or not? Yes or no. Manifestation is like, I don't care whether this person loves me or not.

Now, I'm going to make this person love me eventually. Then you use manifestation. Okay.

All right, Joseph. I hope my answer helps to clear up your mind on this. All right.

Cool. So now, and Karen Conrad asked, if our energy is the most important, how much boost it gives us in management manifestation? A lot. Because most of the time, people just manifest for the sake of manifesting.

It's like, you know, they try their luck. No. Well, if you want to improve the art of success, the thing you want has to, you must consume your mind 24 seven.

Yeah. You eat, sleep, thinking about that. Yeah.

Like last time. Yeah. How, how someone say, I was like, how do you actually, learn bazaar or feng shui or whatever? I always eat, breathe, bazaar, feng shui.

That obsession. Yeah. That level you have.

Then when you manifest, you use feng shui, then it really works wonders. Okay. That's the whole concept of it.

So Hilda asked, has to be the level star zero or just the deity and the door? No, we didn't talk about level star zero. Okay. We just talk about you utilizing one to seven star.

Okay. Ramzi asked, what do you, why do you think does not everybody want deeply enough? Some, I will not say everyone, but a lot of people don't. Why? Because they always tell me, I wasn't, I want this one, this, I want that.

Then I tell them, this is what you should do. And then there are so many things that say it's so hard. Like they say, must be chill.

All right. I need to, I am young. I need to enjoy life.

So I can see that they don't really want it. They just want the outcome, but they don't like the process. I think if you watch Elon Musk interview, one of the things he said, like running a business, people think it's fun, right? But, but in reality, they are like eating glass every day.

So if they know who I am, they don't want to be me. That's what exactly he said. Imagine is a, is a very beautiful metaphor, right? Eating glass every day.

How many people can take it? People just love the result of Elon Musk becoming wealthy. But every day, all the process, people don't want to go through. So that is what I say.

They don't have that intensity to do it. They give up when things get tough. All right.

Some people will ask me, right? If I do this, what is the chances? 50, 50, or they say only 50, 50. Then I will not do. If you are, if you are serious about it, even 10% chance, you will fight for it.

For example, you think about this, right? You want to save someone you love. Even the chance of survival is 10%. Would you say I give up? Because only 10% success? No, even 1% you also try.

Agree or not? If someone important to you. So now that is not someone. Now is a goal.

Is that goal is important to you? You willing to protect it at all costs. Okay. That I mentioned intensity.

So now in this topic here, in chapter number six, we're going to talk about investment. This one will be the last topic of today. And there's a reason I put in the last because investment is irrelevant if you don't do something from chapter one to chapter five.

Okay. So therefore, once right now, you know what to do already. So in the end, you're going to make money and you need to decide what you're going to do with it.

So let me show you where we are now. Okay. By the way, some of you asking a QR code.

Just now, there you go. You just scan on this. You can get to the telegram.

Okay. All right. So now this is the thing here.

The map, the roadmap from chapter one to chapter five. Now, finally, we go into chapter six, which is your ultimate blueprint for investment. Okay.

There you go. This is the one. And when we talk about investment, it's important to know one thing.

In the end, the outcome is still the same. You know, we want to make money, right? No one wants to join or get into investment to lose money. Therefore, I know there's a saying, everyone wants happiness.

You can get happiness by doing what? You study happiness. Anything you want, you can study it. So you want more freedom? You study how freedom works.

You want more love? You study love. So if you want more money, of course, you will study money, right? So in metaphysics, when you say money is wealth elements. And let me show you the slide here.

If you want to make more money, you want to increase wealth. That's the only reason why you're here today and yesterday, right? So you need to have a deep understanding about how money works. So I think by now, you already know, there are two wealth elements for any person.

Regardless whether you have it in your chart is irrelevant right now. I don't want you to look at your chart to see whether I got DWIW. That one is kindergarten.

Because parts doesn't work that way. I know a lot of people think, all right, if I don't have mean, I'm poor. If I have, I'm rich.

No, a lot of people have a lot of wealth element. They are still poor. Some people missing wealth element.

They are crazily wealthy. So I don't want to think what is like, what you are, what you see is what you get. It's not that superficial.

For example, resource element in parts represent that person's mother. If someone don't have resource, doesn't mean this person don't have mother. It comes from the rock, is it? All right.

So now you say, of course, everyone got mother, right? Yeah. So, but how come you see wealth differently? If there are no absence, if essence of wealth, then you can tell this person are broke. It doesn't make sense.

Agree or not? All right. So therefore like earth element represent the stomach of a person. You talk about health.

If you don't have earth element means you don't have stomach. Come on. Okay.

So I want to see parts is not like what you see, what you get. Yeah. So which means whatever you have in your chart, it means that that is, it shows you the way to get something.

So when you want wealth, I don't care whether your chart got wealth element or not is irrelevant. So, but you need to understand how the wealth work. Once you understand, you master it, you start to see the flow.

So now in any one part, there are these two, there are two stocks. So direct wealth and indirect wealth, regardless whether it's direct or indirect. You, by now, you already know element that you control is your wealth element.

Make sense? Because you need energy to make money. We treat our time with money. At least from the start at first, when we get to it, right? So the concept of anything in control, if you are fire day master, what is your wealth element? You know, your wealth element, when you know fire control, what fire control metal.

Now, you know that, you know, if you're a fire person, then the element is a metal. So if you're a water, then, you know, water control fire. So fire is a wealth element and so on.

Okay. Fire, sea, metal means they are wealth element. So water, sea, fire means that is, they are wealth element.

That part is fine. So now let me add one more information on the equation. When we, now we know fire control metal, metal is wealth, right? To this person.

But fire can be like, yang fire or yin fire. Carry on. Let's say right now you're yang fire.

How many yang fire here? A lot. So what is your wealth element? Metal, right? Okay. Which metal are more powerful? Yin metal or yang metal? Okay.

Or you think it's the same. Now we get to next level. It's not the same already.

So if you are yang fire, you know metal is your element. You need another yang. That one are more powerful.

So which means if you are yang fire, you know metal is your wealth element. The one that same polarity with you will be the most powerful. So if you are yin fire, you know your metal is your wealth element.

So which metal? Yang metal or yin metal? Yin. Because the same polarity with you, you might think it's not balanced, right? How come two yin? Yes. Exactly what I'm saying.

You cannot be balanced to make money. A lot of people say, I want work-life balance. I need time to do this.

All rich people, they don't have balanced life. Do you notice that? They integrate in their life. Whatever they do, they love what they do.

So therefore, I want to know has to be same polarity with you. Therefore, we call indirect wealth. You know, this time got DW and IW, right? Indirect wealth.

In the old days, people don't like that. Because these are the people, they are smart, you know, they find so many ways to make money. So therefore, they don't like it.

They prefer direct wealth. Direct wealth means that you follow the order, you work in a government office, and then you slowly, slowly climb to the top, the corporate ladder. And finally, if good enough, 60 years old, you retire with pension.

Does that thing still exist right now? No. So remember, indirect wealth is better when you're talking about making more money through investment. Because indirect wealth don't have limit.

That's why that is the term that call indirect wealth is heavenly wealth. Yeah, if you look at Bazaar, you look at all these are the classical term that describe indirect wealth as tin choy. So basically mean wealth from heaven.

Since it's from heaven, heaven represent abundance. There are no limit. So therefore, it represent a lot of money and you can make a lot of money through investment.

So having said that now, now you understand it. Now this is the heavenly wealth. OK, guys, I think you can send this to them.

OK, this is super important, right? You want to grow your money in direct wealth. Now again, I need to mention it does not matter whether you have this in your chart or not. It's irrelevant.

OK, now let's look at this. Apply what we say just now. If you are Yangwood, you know earth is your wealth because this is the element you control.

But do you see if you're Yangwood, the earth also Yang? Do you see the both Yang together? That's why we call this what? Indirect wealth. Let's do another example. If your day master is Yang metal, you know that wood is your wealth, right? But which wood Yin or Yang? Yangwood.

If you are Yin metal, you know that your is your wood element is your wealth. But which one? Yin wood. Why? Because you are Yin, you see another Yin, we call indirect.

Indirect means unconventional. So this one we call indirect wealth element. OK, understand so far.

So in summary, in summary here. Indirect Richard. I just remember this.

We prefer indirect. Have you heard about indirect resource? Also also the word indirect, right? So if you heard about that, also means if you ask me, direct resource is better in terms of money, capacity, always indirect is better. Because they don't constrain by rules.

They are not afraid. Direct, they are too proper. They are too afraid, so they are very safe.

OK, so far. OK, now. Next thing I want to talk to you here.

Now you know this. I need you. I need you to understand this concept.

Let's say let's say right now. You are Yang fire. Now this is your Yang fire.

This is Yang fire. What is your preferred wealth element? You know is metal already. What is your base on the chart? You know is metal.

So but metal. Why is Yang metal? Because me myself is Yang, so I need another Yang metal for my wealth. So therefore the Yang metal is here.

This is my money. So now if you control something, would you be tired in long run? You will be tired or not? Yes, OK, alright. So now how do I make money without getting tired? So we make money work harder for us than we work hard for money.

Make sense or not? This is the term that a lot of people talk about. All financial guru they say make money work harder than you work for money. Agree? So it means that money work harder for you.

So can you imagine? If your money here is another person, can I check the wealth element of my wealth element? Can I? So now I imagine this is the person, although it's a wealth element, can I know my wealth element of my wealth element? OK, I need to think in a little bit. OK, so because you're no longer controlling the wealth, you make the wealth control for you. So you look back at the chart just now, you look for this Yang metal.

What is the wealth element for the wealth element? Is Yang what? Yang wood, right? So therefore, the wealth will work hard for you because Yang wood is the wealth of your wealth element. How many of you understand this? Type the word yes. Yeah, this one.

So if you do this, your wealth will make more money work hard for you, right? So now you're safe. You can enjoy. So now if you know Pazer, what is this element to you? Indirect resource.

OK, it's always indirect resource. So in another way, it's still indirect, by the way, it's not direct resource, it's always indirect. OK, so therefore, in this case here, if you want to grow more money, you need to look into the indirect resource element.

There are great investors. All right, everyone understand so far? All right, now I summarize for you after a long story. Basically, just to get to your point, IR is your investment style.

OK, but now you know the technical part. Yeah, because you need the money to work harder for you, right? So therefore, you need IR there. So if you look at the real world here, OK, let me remind you again, just in case you forget.

This is the one. Indirect resource is the titan of investment. OK, now let me bring up this guy chart, which by the name of Warren Buffett.

Yeah, this one, is he your friend, Warren Buffett? Sounds familiar, right? Maybe he's your neighbor, I don't know. But all I know that is he is a great investor. And now let's trace the IR from his chart.

You see one IR here? OK, so do you see one IR here? You see one IR here? You don't want some more? So is this person a good investor or great or genius? Genius. OK, yeah. So now, of course, all of us here also got this star.

Some of you might have it, right? It does not mean you're the next Warren Buffett, you know? Because when you actually look at this, some of you ask, how do I get his time of birth? I asked him yesterday, I call him. OK, yeah, OK. So and he told me that.

No, I'm just joking. This is from certain websites. Yeah, I search, I do a search through field reference and then discover this.

OK, and this is a lot. A lot of people know about this. OK, his time of birth.

So now that's not the point. Now back here, if you look at his chart here, indirect resource penetrate to the top from the month. This is a very strong direct resource.

So if you plot his Pazer, easy way to look at it is you look at the bottom. If you scroll your Pazer chart at the bottom, you look for indirect resource. Where is this person? Indirect resource is here, right? So what is the power of his indirect resource? OK, 100%.

OK, so which means this person have the talent to do it, but does not mean anyone got this is super rich one, you know, right? Some people don't do anything. They are always afraid. Then what they use have those talent, right? So and therefore, for you to now know, Warren Buffett chart is very good.

OK, so we got this. The thing I like about his chart, if I'm telling you here is this. Remember the indirect resource element is from the month, right? Month is the strongest penetrate to the top.

So which mean is strongly rooted. And also our pillar is investment pillar. I remember this is investment pillar.

And since IR is investment, don't you think we like to put IR in the investment pillar as well? Is it a good one? So the right element at the right location. Do we like that? Yes. Yeah, so which means that you're putting the right element in the right place because the our pillar is the investment pillar.

OK, cool. So if you have this, then you are born with certain competence to do this. So now you might think, OK, if I don't know this, then what happened? Then let's see what we can do with this.

OK, so now we established the fact that your investment pillar is the hour. So let me show you again. There you go.

This is so on. That is your investment pillar. By knowing more of this will give you a proper direction.

What can you do? We did. OK, so now how many of you here you got an IR in your hour pillar? Be it at the top or at the bottom does not matter. All right.

OK, so which means you have the talent and therefore you don't have an excuse why you cannot make it because you have this talent. But of course, you need to learn how to make money first, right? Therefore, chapter number one to number five talking about that. You do that first.

Then you only learn investment. That's where you can exercise on your IR element. OK, so if you don't have it doesn't matter because the hour pillar tells you a lot of information.

You just need one technique to make it work. IR is just telling you you're good with that. That's it.

Let me ask you if you're good in singing. Does it mean that you're going to be the most popular singer in the world? Guys, let me ask you. No, right? So it depends on your strategy.

Depends on your commitment because you're not alone. You know, there are so many people out there. So I want you to know now we have this for you to be to feel happy on it.

All right. To build your confidence. Now, the real thing here, you need to in the real world reality, you need to look at the hour pillar and why hour pillar? Hour pillar old days represent children.

OK, in the old days, they always have this assumption that the children will take care of them when they get older. Right? In the old days, I think like that. So therefore, in the old days, children is an investment.

They afraid that when they get old, no one take care of them, you know, so that children supposed to be take care of them. Does this actually reflect the current reality right now? In the old days, maybe we're talking about filial, hao shun ah. Nowadays, we don't know whether your children is an asset or liability.

Right? Maybe it's liability. So therefore, since the hour represent children, yeah, now you're not sure, right? Could be you're the one feeding them until old one, you know, maybe you reverse the position. So instead in the hour, you rely on your children while you rely on investment.

Same pillar, different angle. So far so good. Do you understand what I'm saying? All right.

Because the hour pillar also since represent investment, also represent our children as well. And nowadays, right? This is what a lot of parents tell me that if their children able to take care of themselves, the parents already very happy. Yeah.

They actually don't expect their children to take care of them anymore. Okay. They afraid they'll get disappointed.

As long the children don't go back to their parents' home and ask for more money is already a blessing. Okay. It's already good.

You already raised a good children. If they can take care of themselves. Okay.

All right. So now once we know that children is maybe asset and liability, we don't know. So better rely on our investment, right? So now I want you to look at your hour pillar and I want you to draw out one information.

This, what is the animal sign of this? Okay. All right. Once you discover it, type in the chat box.

This is the hardest exercise ever. Discover the animal sign in your hour pillar. Take some time.

All right. Okay, cool. So now once you have it, what I'm about to show you here is your investment superpower.

Yeah. You need to know first, right? What is an investment superpower? Okay. This is the one.

Send them this slide, please. Okay. Otherwise they cannot concentrate.

Okay, cool. So now you need to check that animal sign you just discovered from your hour pillar. Is it belongs to the vision category, momentum or legacy? Type in the chat box.

Okay, cool. Now you got it. So now I'm going to explain what it means.

So if you're in the vision category, which is either tiger, snake, monkey or pig. So your superpower come from you able to actually discover potential before the world cash on. All right.

Which means maybe there are certain businesses that no one pay attention to. You see the potential before anyone else. So we call this growth investing.

Okay. So if you have this, that's where you can, easy for you to identify talent, business model before they grow big. It's an advantage, right? When you can easily, because they're cheap when they're starting, you can easily own equities or can easily own a lot of our share.

So therefore, this is your ability. Okay. Sonia asks, is it about the timing? No, we are not talking about timing yet.

We are talking about that person ability. Yeah. Ability means you still need to learn and harness it.

Okay. All right. So how do you unlock? If someone tell you, you have talent in partner, how to unlock it? How to unlock? Let me ask you back.

Yeah. The last thing you go ask this question, go and learn. I don't know what's under discussion already, right? If someone tell you you're good in marketing, right? Then how to unlock it? Go and learn.

Learn and work in a marketing company. Okay, guys. Are you guys okay? Is it too late or something? All right.

Start asking some weird question like this. Okay. So sometimes being consultant also not easy.

Need to... I don't know how. Okay. But now I'm getting better.

Yeah. I'm more patient right now. Can you see? I'm more patient now.

You see my face also know, right? I'm probably is the most patient person you ever meet. Okay. I'm just joking.

Okay. So now, vision represent you're able to locate opportunity before it become big. So if you see a kid like five years old, you already know this person is the next Bill Gates.

Good or not? So now apply this into your investment. So there are one type of investment talking about growth investment. Have you heard about this growth investment? So you're able to spot certain company, even though they are small, but you discover they have got huge potential.

And then either you buy or you invest on those company. That kind of ability. All right.

So now the second one here under momentum. Momentum is they are good in move with market rhythm. And through that, the compound success through flow basically means the trend.

It follows the trend, then they make money. They are good at that. The moment they notice the trend changes, they totally change that direction to align with the trend.

Okay. The first one vision, they don't care about the trend, right? They know in long run, this company will grow. Even right now, the trend against them, they know eventually once the wave is over, they'll become good.

But momentum, that they don't wait. They change. For example, like in 2020, there's a pandemic, right? Some people make a lot of money by just selling masks.

And before that, they don't have a company selling masks, but they see this need here. They are the first person to do all this. And then now they see results.

And they make a lot of millionaires. That is momentum. Now you know the difference between vision and momentum.

Okay. And then now the third one is the legacy, which is either your dragon, dog, ox or goat in the hour pillar. So this one talking about value investing or they endure and they're stable.

So they invest on something that already good. For example, I'm not asking you to invest on this. For example, you know that, what is a stable company right now? Name me one.

You feel that this is okay. Apple, correct? Microsoft. Yes.

NVIDIA, BYD. Okay. So awesome.

Like all these are NVIDIA. So the big established thing here. So therefore they are good at that because they have patience.

They see in long run, but they don't take chances. They look for proven records already, the company. Okay.

So, but they really do it because their patient in long run, they're compounding and then they make a lot of money. Yeah. So this is the part of our three style of investment.

So now you look at your chart. Now you start to think, right? Which part I need to bust them more in investment. Yeah.

It's a decision. Yeah. You can be good in everything.

You need to focus on what you're competent in. Is this helpful for you guys? Yeah. This is the first part you need to know first.

Otherwise, this is whatever people ask you to buy, you buy. It's not about a winner battle. And in the end you lose the war.

A lot of people make money during like 2020, right? When the, when the Bitcoin suddenly rise. But what happened after that? A lot of people broke, a lot of people got bankrupt. Yeah.

Because they win a battle, but they don't have a plan. Then they end up losing the war. So therefore this tell you, yeah, which direction to go to first.

Okay. All right. So now I go to talk about, to address one question people ask.

What to invest? Or which sector I should study to invest? Is this an important question? Yes. Okay. All right.

So now you already know the animal sign of your investment pillar, right? So now I want you to look, I'm going to show you this. We call investment affinity. There are certain asset class are more aligned with you due to certain energy.

So therefore it's good to know one. And I'm about to show you this. Okay.

I want all of you here to, okay, send them the chart first. Do you like this or not? This is the improved version from my previous investment class. Okay.

Calm down. Some of you ask which animal? No. We are not kill any animal yet.

All right. So don't worry. So just, now you just look at the chart first.

Okay. Now remember just now I asked you to spot the animal sign in your hour. Okay.

That's the animal sign, right? So let's say, let's say that animal sign is monkey. Look for monkey. Oh, I found a monkey here.

So therefore, look into this part. Okay. So which means, or some of you say pig.

Okay. Where's the pig? The pig is here. So you open a pig farm.

Of course not. All right. So you're going to do something related to this financial, industrial, study that market.

This one is like a superpower chart. Easy. So you think about your pattern chart.

I just draw one more time here. Okay. So your hour, pillar, there's an animal sign.

You mix and match. If here is rooster, for example, just look for rooster and then look for what is in the rooster, communication services related companies. If like this, you also don't understand, I go to surrender because this as simple as it gets already.

Okay. Anything inside or what is utilities? What is the answer? I'm not going to explain each of this. Go and search chat GPT because that one is not metaphysics subjects.

Okay. I'm going to waste time to do all this. Okay, guys, that one is not important.

All right. Go and search. You get more detail over there.

You go to chat GPT, you search what is consumer discretionary, you'll get a whole list and it's free. Okay. So now can you not concern about that part first? Can or not? Take a deep breath.

You get the answer by just tapping on Google later. That's not the point. That one cannot save your life.

Yeah. Now I want to know how to look for that piece of information. Are you okay, guys? Right.

This is the first Google. All these people ask us, think first. You want to know more about method rather than explain each of this.

You tell me. That way you can easily get within seconds. Yeah.

I'm not going to waste time doing that. Method, right? Okay, cool. So now that's why now I'm telling you I've become more patient already.

Right. Very good. So now just now method number one.

Look for this animal sign. Let's say you discover this one is rabbit. Where rabbit is? What asset class you should look into? What is if you don't understand what you need to do? ChatGPT or Germanize or whatever or Google is fine.

All right. So easy. All right.

So because all of this here is asset class of investment. Now all of this here. Okay, cool.

All right. Now second thing here is all of this here. If let's say how many of you here you don't know your hour pillar.

You just don't know your time above. Type the word me. Okay.

See some anyone of you here you don't know. Okay. Okay.

I see Damien don't have. Then don't worry. So at your lock pillar, your current lock pillar.

Let's say your current lock pillar is here. Let's say there's also an animal sign, right? Use that animal sign to relate back to the chart. Are you guys okay? Clear? Yeah.

So I'm giving you ways to relate to this. Because you're not only going to invest one, right? You can invest so many things. There are three ways to connect.

First way, hour pillar. Second way, lock pillar. Okay.

There are one more way. Do you want to learn this or not? One more. One more.

Okay, cool. So another way here. Remember the five structure charts? Okay.

All right. In your puzzle, you scroll down. You will locate.

You see something called the five structures. Five structures, right? So look at the five elements here. Which is the strongest element in this person chart? Look at the beige color diagram.

Not the purple color. Which is the strongest element? Metal, right? Because 100%. So remember metal? So now I bring back to the chart just now.

Where is metal? Easy? I already put the element there. You just connect like this. Now these are the few, the options you can.

Choose the one that you like. You do not have to do everything. Carrie Chow asked, what if there are two? Of course.

What if there are three? It's fine. You have more options. Carrie Chow, right? If someone gives you one food to eat, and they give you another three, you don't ask them why more, right? You eat.

Because there are more options. So because in everyone's mind, they think it has to be only one. No.

All right. So don't you think you have more? You have more options. They give you flexibility.

You just choose among the one, the one that you like. And if you learn investment, there's a concept of diversification, right? So do that. Okay.

So this one aligned to you means that you can understand the subject better. You still need to go and learn one, you know. It's not like, oh, I know this.

I simply buy the stock and make money. That one is called gambling. Okay.

So once you know this, then you go and do it. So now some people say, I would say from here, I don't see technology. Which one belongs to tech, right? Okay.

So let me share with you. Tech is at the center. So which means I don't care about your chart.

This one related to everyone. Because now it's period nine. Okay.

Center means for everyone. Understand? Because now it's period nine. So the energy is so strong.

Anyone can do it. That's why in 2019, when I start period nine class, I keep people, ask people to invest in AI. If some of you attended my class in 2019, people say, what is AI? Where's AI? I say, don't care.

You just find the, you still need to study though. You don't simply invest. Study, invest.

Study if you think it's correct. Yeah. Try to invest a little bit first.

Yeah. Your pocket change money. Yeah.

Then that's it. So is this chart important? Is it powerful? Okay. All right.

This one is for you to keep. Yeah. Because once you make a lot of money, you will get tired.

Then you need to use indirect resource. I don't care whether you have it or not in your chart. The fact you invest, that activity alone is already indirect resource.

All right. Activity also an element right now. So whether you got investment does not mean you cannot do it.

Okay. All right. So now I will go through timing.

Okay. Do you want to look at this timing part? Okay. There are some timing guidelines for you.

So one thing I need to clarify first, right? A lot of people think if I invest in the good time, suddenly I will make money. Okay. Please remove that thoughts.

So basically you're saying by investing at the right time, you're able to make a company share increase their stocks. Let me tell you, you are not that powerful. Okay.

Also you're saying if you invest in the bad time, you can bring down Apple stock. Does it make sense? Because in your mind, you think if you invest in the bad time, I will lose money, right? Then if I invest Apple stock, the share will be going down. You are not that powerful.

That's why you need to think when a lot of people think, I'll give me good time to invest for what? No such thing. If you know this, you let me know. Also then I become, I can control the stock market already.

It's not that one. Do you see my point here? I know a lot of people thinking like that, right? If I invest a good time, certainly the share will go up. Okay.

Now you understand this. Now we have a proper mindset to look at timing. Okay.

When you invest in a good time, means that you're in a good mental state. Therefore you can make a better decision. Okay.

So now let's check on timing wise, when likely we're going to actually make wrong decision. So is this. Whenever there's a clash or there's a harm, or combination pay attention.

Okay. Now, let me just, uh, write down here. Let's say this is your pattern chart.

The pattern chart. This is the hour. Remember? And you discovered that suddenly discover you have a red here.

Suddenly in your hour. And do you know that 2026 is a horse? Horse year. By now you should know, right? It's a horse year.

What the horse you do with the red? You, the horse is a clash, right? Clash. And if you don't know it's a clash, it's fine. I already sent you the clash table yesterday.

Okay. Just refer back to the table and you will find out that horse a clash with the red. So once you have this is a clash, what does it mean? A clash means impulsive investing.

So you're already impulsive. So which means that maybe you go all in. That is the most dangerous, right? That that's the part that what the scammer attack you, right? They are, they give you some glimpse of hope by making money.

And because you discover, wow, it's so easy. You invest everything. Then it's impulsive.

You, or you want to prove someone wrong and you do. And then you make a wrong decision. So normally it's an impulsive year for you.

But does that mean you shouldn't invest? No, you still should invest, but you need to aware of this emotion. Impulsive means you don't think you're lazy. You just go all in.

Okay. You invest with emotion. So now what if it's a harm? Have I sent the harm table to all of you here yesterday? Okay.

So I want to say ask a wise, yeah, better strategy. But you need to check whether that person that you're asking got clashed or not. Yeah.

If the person, but you need to check whether that person that you're asking got clashed or not. Yeah. If the person you're asking the partnership also clashed, then double clash even worse.

Okay. So now I'm going to send to you. The, let me see.

Ah, this one. Guys, can you send this for them? This chart comes with combinations and the harm as well. Okay.

All right. So now back to the thing here. Let's say next year is a horse.

And then you have an ox here. What is the ox got to do with the horse? It's a harm. So if it's a harm, that year you are being governed by greed.

And if you are greedy, what will happen? You will make a wise decision. Okay. Be careful of that.

Because when you have greed, I don't care how intelligent you are. You attract a lot of scammers and that, or you make some wrong decision because you want more insight. You want more.

Clash is different. Clash, they just think, they're just impulsive. They act at the moment.

They don't think much. But harm, they might. They are not impulsive.

Maybe in that year, they want more and want more. And finally, when they find an occasion or opportunities to do so, they invest everything. Are they impulsive? No.

But internally, they want more. They become greed. Yeah.

If you look at all the professional scammer, right? If there are one interview, actually, they caught a scammer. And they asked this scammer, is there a people that you cannot scam or not? He say, yes. People that is not greedy, I cannot scam them.

I don't know why. That is the hardest challenge for me. As long as they have a glimpse of greed inside, I can manipulate it.

Okay. This is what comes from professional scammer. Okay.

So if you have a harm, if you have an ox there, 2026, be aware of those emotions. Is this useful? Okay. All right.

Okay. Someone will say, you don't have the clash slide yesterday. Don't worry later.

They're going to send to you. Okay. Now, combination.

Combination. Let me show you again. Combination, right? Combination.

I really send you the slide here on the left-hand side. That's the table there. So combination basically is like this.

You have a goat here. And next year is 2026, right? How many of you have a goat in your hour pillar? Okay. Very good.

So 2026 is a horse. And based on the table combination, horse will combine with the goat, right? Combination means more. Good or not? People like combination.

Every time you see a combination means more. But the more also can mean small profit. Or more debt.

Yeah. Also more, right? Yeah. But here indicate that, yeah, you can reap something.

So if you are experienced investor, you know what you're investing. These are the timing you should pay more attention to. If you are a good investment investor, I think you know how to control losses.

Right? You're not just blindly invest. So this is a year you can accumulate, hopefully assets. Okay.

All right. So how many of you have the goat again? So now probably this is year you go and study investment. Yeah.

Try starting test your skill. Probably you can collect a lot of stuff. Combination means collection.

More. Multiply. Okay.

This is the investment timing you can look into. So now you can, you can see the interaction with this. No, in the day is irrelevant.

Okay. Sonia, we only looking at the hour because hour is an investment pillar. If you crash with the day, probably just means that you suddenly discover your fat.

You want to go through a weight loss regime. That's it. Okay.

For the day. And sometimes suddenly discover your fat, right? Maybe you don't know you eat a lot, but one day you look in the mirror. You don't even recognize yourself.

Yeah. That is a reflection. That is a crash on the day.

Therefore you have pain and then do something. That's what the crash is all about. But now we don't care.

We care about the hour pillar. All right. Is this information useful for you? Yeah.

Now, now, you know, a few stuff. Yeah. The in-depth resource element, which mode are you in? Are you the one, the vision? Remember there are three category.

We also talk about the investment category, the asset class. And now we're talking about timing. So this will give you a guide for you.

Yeah. To study this. Why? Because this is so important.

Let me summarize everything for you. So a bond for wealth. There you go.

All right. So yesterday, very much. We focus on here.

Creation. Remember we talk about the value, the heavenly path and identify the luck timing manifestation. And just now, we also talk about allocation.

Remember there are no question asked because once you make money, you cannot stop here. You need to push to this level where you need to allocate your money, what to do with the money. I see a lot of people, they have a high salary, but they're broke every month because they have a lot of expenses.

They don't want to manage. So the allocation is important. A lot of people cannot get through this point.

Once you know this, then you go to growth. Growth is investment. Now you start to multiply what you earn because allocation, remember 30% is investment bucket.

You're going to bring up to here and then you do investment. And in long run, if you're doing this correctly, if you grow by itself in a loop, finally you reach critical mass. Critical mass means that you are self-sustaining.

Even you don't work, money still coming in, but you need to repeat the process. Once you make investment money, you invest on the bottom creation. You see this, right? If you want to make more money, let me walk through this with you.

Creation is where you improve your value, right? You become more capable. You make more money or not. Then you go to allocation.

You can save more, you can invest more, right? So because when you're able to save more, you can invest more, growth, you become better. And then when you make money, where this money goes to, goes back to here. Why you want to go back to here? Because you need to reinvest on education.

So you become better in creation. Then you go through this process of allocation and then go here. So the loop is here.

So making money is not a matter of intelligence. It's a matter of consistency in following the plan. Okay, so what you do this religiously, and then you're able to reach critical mass.

Hopefully for some of you here, you can find, reach to this point as fast as possible. Okay, if some of you here already there is good. This is what I call financial independence.

And we do it better. You become financial freedom. You still can work, but you don't work for money anymore.

A lot of people say, I like to build quality times with my family. If you still need to work a lot of money, how do you have those time? Okay, so do you want that triangle? Okay, guys, can you send this to them as well? I want you to stick somewhere that you can see it often and then have a plan how to do this. So what you need to do is you need to repeat the process on a triangle without asking question.

I know a lot of intelligent people. Is it work or not? I'm on second month. I'm on the third month.

Two intelligent people will become poor one, you know, because they always ask questions. They keep analyze. Before I allow you to grow, you already asking question why you shouldn't do it.

Do you realize that intelligent people, normally they cannot make a lot of money. They are good in exam during school time. They can pass with flying colors.

But when they go to reality, you know, after they graduate, it's a different world. Compared to someone that don't think too much. They just do.

Like for me, I got intelligent stuff. So I always ask question until I realize that, you know, when I ask a lot of questions, I become afraid I don't do stuff. So that time I practice this triangle system.

I don't care. I got money. I put inside.

I roll. I roll. Even one year, I don't see much result.

Sometimes I just do it. But in long run, hey, it works. Okay.

So the question here, would you trust the processor? Okay. I leave that part to you. I hope you enjoy these two days of born for wealth program.

Do you enjoy this? I share a lot of stuff for you to think about. I urge you to watch the replay. Yeah.

That's 70 replay. Don't waste that. You know, watch it over and over again.

We still meet each other again on the other two bonuses, right? Probably I will organize this in the late November or early December because I want you to practice this first. So you can ask me quality question later on. I'll have a Q&A to do it.

But I want you to practice first cannot for the next few weeks. Then I'll see you guys again in either early December for the two bonus. And that time I will allocate some portion of the time answering your question, but you must do your part.

How about that? Okay. And I would like to say thank you to all of you here for trusting me by going through this journey of metaphysics and self-improvement with me. It's a privilege to become your teacher, a guide for all of you.

I hope that I able to shine some light to some of you in these two days to hope you awaken certain part of your destiny to become better. All right. Cool.

So now later on within, I think maybe a minute or two, I'll post something on Telegram. I want you to share with me which part of these two days you like the most. And I would really appreciate if you can share with me which one you like.

Because once I know that, I know what to do on my next program, the heaven cook. Okay, good. So I will say wish all of you here great success and great health and more success is coming.

And the last but not the least is I would like to use this moment to thank all the team here. All right. You know, they're working hard around the clock, just like yesterday.

Some of them, they didn't sleep because of the payment issue. You know, they work around the clock. I will say that they deserve a lot of applause and recognition for that.

And like for me, I'm just talking, right? Nothing much. But for them, they are the real hero behind. Okay.

All right. Hope that if you meet them one day in the event, say hi to them. And also to me, I would love to meet all you guys in real person.

So till then, have a great time. And I would like to say in advance, Merry Christmas to everyone. Okay.

See you next time. Bye-bye.

