and you cannot rely on this, you need to use timing. So in order to use timing, I'm going to send you one, hold on, and let me send you the file first. Okay, I'm going to send you this file. 

Do you see it now? Monthly Flying Star Charts. Guys, can you send it to them? It's a PDF file in the telegram. Yes, that's the one.

Okay, remember just now, remember just now where is my Norberman sector? Northwest 3. Still remember? So in this case here, you just regard it as Northwest. So this is not the chart you're seeing right now, it's not your chart, it's the annual energy and monthly. So of course you want to know what it is.

We don't, first of all, we don't care about the big numbers. Because you realize the big numbers are always the same? Do you realize this? Why it's always the same? Because it's an annual star. So for one year, they'll stay the same. 

So the one that we want is not the big number, it's the small numbers. Let's say my Norberman is in Northwest, so I just pay attention to all the Northwest box, all the Northwest box here, where I see number 9. So can I say that number 9 arrives in my Northwest box from February 4th until March 4th? Yes or no? Yes. So this is my activation month, how to activate later, alright? So now let's move on here. 

How about March 5th to April 5th? I'm still looking at Northwest because Northwest is my Norberman sector. Your Norberman sector could be different, right? Then you look for your own respective sectors. So mine is Northwest, I got number 8. Can I activate? Is number 8 is a wealth star? No. 

So I don't activate here. Then this one also 7, so I cannot activate here. 6, I cannot activate. 

5, I also cannot activate. 4, okay, good. This one I can, number 4, right? So then the next one will be 3, cannot. 

2, no, because too slow, because already year-end. 1, alright, good. So basically, if you look at the chart here, then the next one will be number 9 again. 

Very good, I can activate. So now I can see that, you know, from here, there are a lot of certain months I can activate. Okay, I haven't teach you how to activate yet, just mean that month you can activate your Norberman star. 

How many of you here follow me? Yeah, this is extra for you. So you look for the month where the wealth star arrives in your Norberman sector. Once you discover that, let me show you the chart again.

Okay, so just now my Norberman is in the peak, right? So on the activation month, let's say there are no doors here, some people, they put water to activate their sector, but at least right now, I don't advise you to do it, okay, because water might activate other things, you know, you activate wrong things already, maybe your armpit hair is dropping or stop growing, you don't blame me, alright? So we'll use a safe, I would say, way to do it. Some people activation is as simple as, okay, that time they open a fan or something, normally they don't open, they put a fan there, they just open like 10 minutes or something to stir up the energy on that month, okay, because that just now we discovered that February is a good month, right? So during February, I go to this area or I can move a furniture in and out just to stir up the energy a little bit, then it will get activated. So let's say you have a sofa there, for example, and then you just move in and out, which normally you don't move, if anything that you move every day, then it will not regard as activation. 

Of course, you don't move your sofa every day, right? So on that day, on that month, you move it, okay? Remember just now, Feb is one of those months, so during Feb 2026, I go to the area, if I have a standing fan or table fan, I switch it on for like 10 minutes, stir up the energy a little bit, it consider activation or you move something over there, all right? So use sound, sound I would say might not be the best, okay? Unless it's really loud, you know, better not, okay? So this is the one you can move, something heavy you can move on it, okay? Now, can I give you one more thing? Because the whole month, right, there are so many days. Since I'm activating the peak, among the Tung Shu chart, choose what day, peak day to activate, okay? Do you understand? Because my normal is peak, right? I found the sector, I overlay with the monthly star chart just now, and then, but it's only till the month, remember just now we go through the monthly star, it's only the month, right? Month, there are so many days. So you want to be more precise, among the month, choose the peak day. 

How do you know which one is the peak day? Because peak is my normal Monday, right? So you look at the Tung Shu calendar I sent yesterday, okay? You get a peak day, that day you can do it. Are you guys clear now? This is optional, if you are lazy, you don't want to choose the peak day, it's fine. Why choose the peak day? Because it's my normal month star. 

If your normal month star is other animal sign, then you choose that day. Okay, guys, understand? This is how you can use normal month for period 9, and this is important, it's a very important thing to do in period 9. Okay, now I want to give you one thing you need to know first. Every time you use the month star chart, first thing first, before start, for the big number, you avoid number 5. So you tell me, all the big number in 2026, where the number 5 resides? Where the number 5 is? South, right? You see all number 5? Yeah, so which means in 2026, if your normal month is in the south, you cannot use, because number 5 is 5 yellow. 

So every year, there's always a number 5. So how many of you here, your normal month star is horse? Okay, if your sin matter, definitely your normal month is horse, right? So, but you say, oh, but I want to activate south. Cannot, for this year. Then you use what? Beside horse, you got tiger, right? Use something else. 

Are you guys clear? Only this is, so this one, we rotate every year. This is the thing you need to take care. All right, so let me show you what I mean here.

So remember just now, I showed you the normal month chart. There we go. So you want to activate, right? You see, you look at, if your day master is sin matter, if you want to use the horse, you cannot use, because horse reside in the south. 

2026 south is the 5 yellow, you cannot use. So I put a sign here, okay? Are you guys clear? Only for this year, you cannot use, because it's a 5 yellow. So now, why I also cross this one? Because next year is the year of horse, isn't it? Horse clash with what? Rat. 

So the rat for 2026 also cannot use. So these are the two preliminary filtering you need to do before you implement this technique. Elaine asked if year 2255 yellow is in north-east, means we cannot activate north-east.

Let's say it's like that, then yeah, you cannot, you cannot activate, okay? So it's no choice, it's a main door, there's no choice, right? So it just happened like that. You don't, you don't, you cannot do anything, because you don't do anything extra. The main door is there first, before the 5 yellow come. 

So you still can use it, but you don't go and change your door on that year. You guys understand? It's more like who come first, okay? If your door is there, then there's a 5 yellow, if you don't, because you're the host, right? Then, then only they come to you, then that one is fine. But after the 5 yellow come, then you start renovate, then you trigger it.

That's the thing, okay? So 5 yellow, normally we would like to avoid the, the 5 yellow first, okay? Cool? Yeah, so now I'm telling you what, what did I share here, their three framework. First one is external, I'm telling you the right mountain location and the function of the location. I'm also telling you how do you identify a good wealth house, regardless either your period 1 or 2 until period 9. And also how do you move, choose where the desk is to tap in into a good wealth energy. 

Okay, and finally, how do you activate your Normalman? Because in period 9, Normalman formula is very useful, especially in this internet age, right? You need followers, you need to meet the right people, you want people to refer to you. Normalman style is the one. Yeah, now you have this, you look into your house again, you see a different way. 

We can do changes. And don't you think it's also useful when you're looking for a new house right now? Is it useful? Yeah, you measure direction, you plot a chart, you know how to plan everything. So this, what I'm sharing with you here is the one that I'm applying for myself and my client.

When I look at my house at the time, Normalman sector has to be good. If you use Normalman sector, it means you don't just rely on your parter chart, right? Because Normalman is not you, so they're immune to your parter chart. Let's say you don't have a good parter chart, you use Normalman. 

Yeah, you further enhance you, it might not be the smart move, right? You might get results, yes, but it'll be slower. But Normalman is not you. They have their own parter chart. 

So it's another way of helping you. Good? Okay, so I think you got all this. I think the team also sent you the 24 mountains rating as well, so you use that to check on your property. 

So Lucy asked if your house is a period 7 or period 8, are the wealth sectors still the same? Yes. We don't care what your house period is. We always look at the 4 wealth sectors. 

Do you guys understand? Yes, you understand. Basically, I don't care what period of your house is. The wealth formula is still the same because all of us here are in period 9 right now. 

And of course, the formula will change when we reach period 1, okay? But the changes also apply to all the houses. Same formula. But after period 1, the formula will be different, but it's not only different for period 1 house. 

It's different across. It's like a global update. Okay, cool? So I want you to digest a little bit here. 

Yeah, you can watch replay. Some of you are new here, but these are great stuff for you to get started on how to maximize your house using the Earthrealm to get the wealth energy. All right, I'm going to stop for a break right now for 15 minutes, and I'll see you on chapter number 5 very soon, okay? Take a break. 

Grab a coffee or something. Okay, the team just sent you the parter chart as well for 2026. So some of you requested that. 

Now you got it in the telegram already, okay? So while during the break just now, I actually go through some of the questions. So some of you here, you asked about day one question. I would say we rather don't do it here because you confuse a lot of people. 

Okay, so let's stick by one by one. So some of you asking day one question. I urge you to watch the replay, and then next time we discuss that again, right? If we cannot, then during some of our bonus session, we'll talk about it. 

So now, okay, let's look. Some questions here are related like Fren Chang. Okay, Fren Chang asked a question about identifying the facing of a landed property. 

So let me just show you this to answer Fren Chang's question. Okay, all right. So Fren Chang say, try to figure out facing direction of my house. 

Is it based on the front door facing? A house faces main road northwest, and the main door facing southwest. Okay, let's see. Let's do some drawing here. 

Okay, let's see. You need to bear with me because my drawing is pretty bad. Okay, let's say this is a landed house. 

Yeah, it's a house. All right, just in case you're wondering. So let's say the house here.

So now if I ask you to determine where is the facing, let's see. This is A, and this is B. Choose one. Is it A or B? If you were to decide. 

Okay, a lot of you here mentioned A. All right. Okay, cool. So I think what Fren Chang actually mentioned is maybe his main door is not here. 

Maybe it's here. That's where they get into the house. So now after this new piece of information, then where is the facing direction? It's still A. All right. 

So because a lot of us think facing direction is where the door is. That one is door facing direction, and we talk about the building facing direction. Okay, guys? Understand? There are certain techniques that use face direction. 

You're welcome, Fren Chang. So now you understand, all right? So we still pick A as the one. So as long as you remove the door equation into it, it becomes easy to you. 

Because most of the time, it's not easy to identify the facing direction. It's super easy. Like right now, if I'm talking to you, I'm facing here, right? Am I facing here? Yes? Directly here. 

Okay, so what if my finger pointing here, where am I facing right now? Here, A or B? A. Okay, good. So how do you know? I didn't teach you before? How do you know this? Instinct? Right, somehow you know one, right? So what I put another thing here, where am I facing? A, B or C? It's still A, right? What if I close my eyes? Still A. As now, since you get it, means you know how to identify facing direction. I didn't teach you that. 

You know one, you know? Yeah, where is the facing? Because most people, when they architect the design, there's always the facade of the building or the house. Okay, cool. All right, this is the thing. 

And some of you just might notice, you ask, why we need to, if you live in a high-rise building, why you need, why you look at the whole building instead of one unit itself? It's because, it's like this. Feng Shui Flying Star, let's say I, now, this is a high-rise building, okay? Okay, like that. So if you were to take the facing, we go down here and take, and not inside the unit, because Flying Star Feng Shui still consider this as one building. 

Yeah, it's still considered a one building, share the same roof. All the unit is just considered the room inside the house. You guys get, are you guys, do you feel me? All right, so you might, oh, I'm in the 10th floor and I'm in the first floor, it's still one, maybe one room inside the house, because all share the same roof.

Because inside your unit, you might not be facing here. Maybe your unit is facing here. Do I care? No, because I look as the building itself. 

You are just one of the building there. Okay, all right, so some of you ask about, what about is a building is a L-shape or C-shape? Why not I ask you again, what if it's a H-shape, J, P, Q, A, B-shape? Use your instinct. Okay, I cannot say you use a B, you look at, the house design will tell you. 

Yeah, imagine like you want to take a so-called, you take a photo, let's say a real estate agent, you want to list your house, so anyone can rent. Where do you take the photo from? Very likely that one will be the facing. Yeah, it's about the facade of the building. 

Are you guys okay? All right, so for Flying Star, we use the building facing, not the unit facing. There are other formulas, not Flying Star, they will use the unit facing. But when you apply Flying Star Feng Shui method, our reference point, obviously the whole building. 

Okay, are you guys clear? But not all Feng Shui methods, right? There are so many Feng Shui methods, right? Sam Kung Dagua, it mentioned, there are so many of it. So each of them require different criteria. Yeah, for example, if you use Shimon Feng Shui, they're more concerned about is your door sector.

Different. Are you guys okay with this? All right, you imagine each Feng Shui formula have their own criteria to come up with a reading, then you're fine. Okay, nice.

So I hope this answer your question. What if it's an S building, or Q, or W? Use your instinct. There are so many different, but most of it here is easy, right? Other than that, if you still cannot find out, ask your friend, where do you think it's facing? You know, like just now I asked you, right, where do I face? Instinctively, you know. 

Okay, Angelica asked, I would say, would you ever do Yi Jing Feng Shui webinar? I haven't done it before. Okay, that one is very technical. You need some very strong understanding about the Yi to do it.

Okay, for now. Yeah, maybe in future I can teach this. Yeah, but so far, no. 

I'm using more Flying Star Feng Shui because it's quick and it's fast. All right, I hope, I think all of you here, actually, I think I answered most of your question here. Okay, let's see.

Okay, Mondry asked, I live in a three-story building. I'm on the ground floor with my own door. So do I use my door, building door or building? So now, what do you think? After I explained to you, Mondry, you're living in a three-story building. 

I'm on the ground floor with my own door. So do you use my door as a building door? Of course, the building door. All right, because they are three. 

Now you get it, right, Mondry? All right, good. Okay, Todd asked, what do, if I can't find out year of birth of the house? It's 20 years. Come on. 

All right, if you cannot find, go and do research. Yeah, if you don't know when the house is built, go and do research. Yeah, ask the tenant or management. 

That one is not Feng Shui problem. That one is commitment problem. How far are you going to go to track it? Like some people that track the lineage? Yeah, do it. 

Yeah, don't just sit down there, right? Find information, do research. Chat with the township planner. Can explain if award rat and horse, why only number five award? Because number five in Feng Shui is called five yellow. 

So the energy is very volatile. So for beginner, we rather avoid it because it's like this, you know, five is, is more, you think like Emperor stuff. So a lot of people like to be Emperor. 

Yeah, but their life is not easy. Even a lot of people want to be Elon Musk, right? You see what's so cool, right? Bill of money, bitterness, private jet, but you don't want to be like him. It's hard to be like him. 

You don't know how much pressure you need to endure. Yeah. So many things happen at the same time. 

You need to run the company. There's so many companies that need to maintain profit. Look at the bottom line. 

A lot of people want the effect of it. Yeah. But the process, do you think anyone want to be, let me ask you, do you want to be Elon Musk? Not just the wealth, you know, is that the person who is every day, he need to go through all this.

You have to run a company. Do I have time to do this and that committed? No one want to. So if you go through number five, you have something like this and people don't like, you might get fired for no reason, or maybe there are some unpleasant setbacks. 

So we avoid it. For example, if you use number five, suddenly you got fired without no reason. And then after that, you went on your way back, discover your car broke down. 

So many things, right? So better not. People are like that, right? You cannot use people, try to use it. You think that's human nature, right? You tell them, don't dig that spot on the ground. 

They're going to dig it first. So for now, can you just don't use number five? Cannot, guys. Cannot. 

There are so many things you can use out of all of the things you still want number five, there are no point. They are like someone who purposely choose a drug addict to become their boyfriend because they want to change that person. You want to do it, up to you. 

But some people say, wait, why not I marry someone that is stable in their finance and everything. But I say, no, I want to find the hardest job in the world. I want to do it.

So if you want to, then of course, no one can stop you. But I always advise beginners, don't do that first. You might not have the tenacity or resilience to handle those volatility.

Okay. All right. No, the answer now, forbidden sector. 

Okay. All right. So now let's move on to this chapter number five. 

Let me just show you this first. Okay. So we go through number four now about Feng Shui. 

Chapter number five is about seven star path to modern wealth. Okay. How many of you heard about seven stars? Have you heard about it? Okay. 

All right. Good. A lot of you heard about it, right? So, and there'll be a lot of different version of this.

So I'm going to clarify and how can you make use of this to help you in your wealth journey. Okay. So, and, uh, in order to do this, first of all, I want to show you something that I discover while talking to some rich people. 

And after discussion with them, you know, I always like to ask those people, like, how do you make it? What are you, what, how you think about a situation? What are the mistake we should avoid in building wealth? I ask all those questions. Sometimes it's fun being a consultant, you know, people pays money to you to read their chart, but when you think is wonderful, if you're able to ask question back to the clients, sometimes I do ask back, you know, you had to get their wisdom or their great advice. So after so many years, so many years doing this, I actually compiled, there are three things that have been mentioned consistently among all the and I'm going to share with you right now. 

Okay. This is not metaphysics, but just to tell you, you know, success lives group. I want to go through this quickly first before I move into seven star path. 

Are you okay? All right. So there you go is the super rich playbook. The playbook here, it consists of three days. 

Okay. Let me show you this one. Okay, guys, can you send this to them and all? Let me explain.

You're going to get it shortly. Now I think they already sent it to you. Okay. 

So this one here, the first one, I think, you know, right? Remember yesterday we talk about value. So this, in summary, you need to be useful all the time. That's why you see a lot of rich people that continue to learn, even they already reached certain level. 

Yeah. It's not about making more money. It's about who they are. 

Yeah. It's just wired that way. So remember yesterday, we talk about value. 

All right. Value creation, they continue to improve. So that's the one.

So now in Pazer, you also can know that every year, whether your value or impact got increased or not. For example, let me show you a chart. You just need to scroll down from the start in your Pazer chart, scroll down here into this part.

Impact got to do with output. All right. So now this person original output at this location, but in 2025 is represented by the purple color diagram. 

Is it increased or decreased? The purple color diagram is here, right? Decreased. Less. So which means that his impact for this year generally will be lesser. 

So you need to what? Learn more, be more. This is how you use it. Okay. 

Let me give you another example here. Okay. For this chart here.

Now this is good. Original value is here. So this year is increased. 

What does it mean? Are you useful this year? Are you? Yes. A lot of impact you can make, right? So don't be lazy. There are so many people you can help, so many difference you can make. 

So don't waste the year. Easy. Okay. 

So therefore, but this is the advice, you know, from the rich, you need to be useful. And then now the second thing here, master cash allocation. So first of all, do you guys know what is your net? How much is your net worth? Do you know that some of you do, some of you don't know, some of you, you might have a ballpark figure of it. 

So if you want to be rich, you say master cash allocation. Yeah. This is very important because once I realize this, then I start to see improvement in my finance. 

Okay. So let me share with you this, this thing here. You must remember this. 

Okay. Now let me tell you how to use this. Net profit represent your salary after minus expenses. 

The remaining, let's say you, after minus all your expenses, you got 10,000. This is the ratio you need to put. Okay. 

60% in safety, 30% on investment and another 10% in NQA. So don't care. Every time you have money coming in, allocate in these three buckets when you're extra. 

You might think, Hey, Alison, I just make money from crypto. What should I do? Don't go and buy cars now. Reinvest the money, put it in 60% here and 30% investment and NQA 10%. 

Just don't think, just continue to do. That's what I do that time. I just repeat the whole process because in the end, actually, how do you allocate asset actually is not that hard, right? But the hard part is remaining consistent. 

So what do it mean? NQA means no question asked. So you can buy whatever you want. Let's say after you do this, after five years, you got 1 million here. 

If you're able to get 1 million here, you realize your safety will be six times more, right? So when no question means that you don't need to ask permission, you buy whatever you like. Yeah. You want to buy a 1 million worth of Labubu, do it.

You know it's Labubu, right? Yeah. Some people like to buy different version from different country Labubu. So no one can question you because you already plan for your safety and investment. 

Let's say today you make another 100,000 from investment. You still need to spread into three bucket. So your safety will continue to increase. 

And why it is so important? Because after that, after I do this, I start to see, yeah, I can actually grow my wealth easier and faster and compounding. Because investment, sometimes you make money, sometimes you lose money. Agree or not? Yeah. 

But if you do this, yeah, it will cushion your loss because you already know investment only represent 30% of your income. Okay. Is it easy? Yes, it's easy, but also easy not to do. 

Agree or not? We don't have a system. We just spend whatever we like. Oh, this one got new iPhone, I'm going to buy it. 

That kind of thing. No. All right. 

So if you want to buy an iPhone, which bucket are you going to use? MQA. All right. You will buy a new iPhone. 

Okay. No one, you will buy 10 also. Okay. 

No problem. Okay. Safety is the money you don't use. 

You just put in. It's right. Unless there's an emergency.

Okay. How does it feel if you have a fund of, let's say 10 million in your bank account, does it feel good? Yeah. This part, because you actually, you don't work for money anymore.

You still can work. Yeah. But if even you got fired, it's nothing to you. 

And when you don't have pressure of money while working, would you be a better worker? Would you be more productive? Yes. Yes, of course. Because you don't have stress. 

So the third thing here is learn energy management. Yeah. This is super important because a lot of people think rich people, they manage their time well. 

Yeah. It's a myth because the first thing they do here is not about the time. They don't maximize their time. 

They manage their energy so they can last longer. What's the point being burned out by having also many schedule in and out. They don't manage time.

So right. Time management, cancel the time, put energy management. Okay. 

So you can last longer, you know, to manage your time to do different thing, not only just doing until burn out, you do something you like. Yeah. You do connection with people. 

All this require energy one, you know. So only by that you are balanced, you can last longer. Then you can perform better in your business. 

So in the seven star path are related to this. How do you actually manage this energy? Well, so the energy supporting you rather than lead you to burn out. How many of you here have a feeling of burn out already? There are so many things to do. 

So many, uh, deadlines, you know, pressure from the boss. It's normal right nowadays, you know, but normal doesn't mean it's the right thing. Yeah. 

I talked to an area. I was, so they are very stressed. So therefore learn how to banish that. 

So metaphysics has a way to do it. So I am going to actually share with you this part, the seven star path. Okay. 

So, uh, some of you have heard about this before. Some of you don't. Let me explain first.

So do you realize that that is a number seven, right? So number seven is sort of like, um, a special number or a magic number. Yeah. Because not only in metaphysics, this one actually are stay consistently in different culture. 

Like if you look at age, uh, I would say ageless wisdom. Yeah. They talk about the seven planes, like physical, emotional, and then mental Buddhic, spiritual, monadic, and divine total of seven. 

And if you look at Hinduism teaching, have you heard about seven states of consciousness? Now, if you study Hinduism, right. So also seven, you know, so if you look at, uh, because they have a 40 lokas, right? Seven heaven and seven hell. And if you look at Islam also seven heavens, if you actually study the pilgrimage to Mecca, they're actually circling the Kaaba, right? The Muslim holiest building. 

And how many rounds they do that? Seven rounds for them to experience the glory of God. Also seven. Okay. 

So if you look at, if you learn yoga, we talk about energy. Don't you think we also learn about seven chakras? How many of you here are yoga practitioner? No. Also seven. 

Okay. So all of this here, if you trace back, they actually trace back to the, uh, to the stars. Okay. 

This stars here is, is consistent throughout. It's the seven deepest star of the Northern Deeper. Yeah. 

So you see this path here. That's why they call this the path. Okay. 

So in Taoism, in Taoism. Yeah. So they also symbolize the seven star of the North Deeper as walking the star or pacing the deepest. 

Yeah. So that's what they are talking about. So the seven dots here, the stars is their seat as a ladder to seven heaven, or they call this the garden of the immortals, immortal.

So therefore this seven star apply to Feng Shui, Purple Star Astrology, Qimen. If you learn Qimen, you know this. So this is the seven star in the galaxy. 

But the thing is, this star looks like it's moving, but it's not. All right. Because, uh, it's always there, but because due to our earth keep orbiting the sun. 

So therefore by tracing the, uh, all this movement that plot into your Qimen chart, some of you learn Qimen chart, you actually discover that there are seven star. Some, sometime you get a one star, two star and seven stars, right? So that's where it is coming from. Okay. 

So now once we do this, let me share with you this, uh, this seven star here. There we go. Okay. 

Start from the bottom. Yeah. It looks like chakras, right? So you start from the bottom and then you go up to the sun. 

Sun is a seven, uh, uh, seven star. So let me give you some, uh, layman explanation here. So there you go.

So at the bottom, okay, guys, can you send, do you want this slide by the way? So fast. Very good. So now you see, this is a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, instead of just looking at ice, lighting, thunder and all this. 

So these are the meaning of it or the nature or the essence of the star. So in the old days, in the old days, how they get energized from this star is through this. Okay. 

If you look at the sky, you don't have the, this line. All right. Okay. 

This is people tracing it. So when in the old days, the Taoists, they want to erect or so-called connecting or borrow the energy from this seven star north deeper, they actually pacing or patao, we call it pacing the stars. So they walk the seven star path. 

So they follow this position, you know, to actually, uh, like they walk based on the path of the seven star to make a wish. How many of you here walk the seven star path before? Yeah. Sometimes we teach people how to do that, right? If you are in a disturbance club. 

Yeah. Why? Because it actually follow the path under the belief that as above, so below. So when you mimic the pattern of the path, then you get those energy. 

Okay. So that's how they walk on the earth to receive the energy because they follow the trail. It's a pattern universe energy recognized pattern. 

So that do it. Now, you know why you need to walk in certain way after you walk, then you make a wish, right? So this is the old days we show, but old days, the ritual are more complicated. Yeah. 

They need to select a certain timing. They need to draw some blood from the chicken. If you watch some Chinese movie, the ancient one, right. 

They set up a table, the author, and then, or, and that's always the chicken one. I don't know why. And then they kill the chicken with the blood and then they mix with the charm, something like that.

Okay. Then only to do the seven star path. Yeah. 

So now in the current world, in the modern days, they just do a prayers and then they walk the path. So the consistent part is the movement. Of course, right now, at least ask me to teach you how to walk. 

Okay. You know how to walk, right? Okay. So, oh, you're talking about seven star path, is it? Okay. 

So if you're talking about seven star path, yes, there are some Qimen program. Last time we did, we teach that, but don't worry right now, I'm not teaching you how to walk, but I've, I discover a better way to do this. Do you want to know how? Okay. 

You think about this, right? In the old days, in order to enact or to connect to those energy, they follow the trail. So it follow the characteristic of the star. So instead of trail, if I can do another way, also consistent with the seven star path principle, would it still work? Like knowing the meaning of each stars, then I do action related to those stars instead of walking. 

Is it possible or not? So I didn't change the formula. I just change the way to follow the pattern. Old days, they use movement, but now, since we know the meaning of the stars, if I do according to the meaning from one to seven, will I still get connected or not? Yes. 

As above, so below. So now if you look at the, uh, that's the reason I come up with this, uh, the meaning of each of the seven star path. So if you understand this, all the seven, then you are connected.

And how do we do this? You see, I already sent you this slide, right? Okay. Let's say number one, number one is the survivor star. Yeah. 

This is a star about uncertainty, right? When in a place where, or maybe in a war zone country, you don't know where they're going to survive tomorrow. They are lack of food. So number star, number one, when you are in danger, do you think about, uh, what, uh, which company should work for, or should I actually, um, meet girls tomorrow to get married? You don't have those plans because I want to buy a 100 inch TV. 

No. When you're in survival stage, security is the most important. Your goal here is just to survive another day. 

Make sense? Right? So that is the feeling. So scarcity, so they're unsafe. They fight to survive. 

That is number one star. So then you transit to desire when you're okay. A little bit, you have food to put on the table. 

This, you start to want things. You have desire. We have passion. 

So you have greed. You want more and more. Don't you think it's a human nature? Therefore, second star, star number two is about desire. 

Now, after you get more things, you want more, you get, then the third thing here, the material possession no longer satisfies you because you need recognition. You need power. You need status. 

Agree or not guys? Everyone start off wanting to be rich, right? Once they become rich, what happens? They say, okay, what was the point of having rich, but I don't have status. No one knows me. I'm nobody, right? So therefore it's the power part. 

So finally, on the level number four, this, I'm telling you one to three, the first one to three level here is a very unenlightened state because they're always angry. They always want more. They're focused more on themselves. 

Isn't it? It's all about me, me, me. So when they're rich, number four is connection. This connection means connection with yourself. 

It's a stage where consciousness begin, self-acceptance. So where self-awareness start to happen, they start to see their thought, they will evaluate their feeling and everything. So therefore this is where they are in the middle. 

They are neutral. Okay. So now move on to start. 

Number five is about growth. This is the part that you start to aware. You want to do good for others. 

There's a power of a group of people, work together, teamwork. So that one is under group because it's very slow. If you want to grow alone, right? So there's, this is about gathering people together. 

And finally, they'll go to us because I want you to know that number four is the middle line. This part here, there's growth means because here always me. All right. 

One, two, three, always me. When you go to five and above is always we already. So the growth represent other people.

And then number six is intuition. So this is a level that people can manifest. If your own destiny chart, you're level six, which means you're good in manifestation because you have a strong intuition. 

But only problem number six also means they easily depressed sometime because sometime they manifest light. Sometime they manifest darkness, right? So to be aware, but their intuition is strong. This is a part that win the war through the mind. 

You think about this. If you look at all this, uh, uh, true of history, what, what kind of war is the most, uh, the biggest and the most, uh, that affect millions of people, anything got to do with what religious, uh, uh, when, uh, when it's a religion, uh, interfere people willing to fight for it, agree in the old So therefore this level is the mind level. And finally the soul level, this one is not easier.

You know, this level here, besides just carry for human, you start to care for animal. You start to care for creatures. You want to save the wheel or something. 

All right. You feel that, right. You have compassion with the environment, uh, that, that, that level.

Uh, so you can know your default from the, your own destiny chart, but right now I'm not concerned about your destiny chart, what level, but the key thing here is if I know all the nature of these seven star and I convert that into, um, uh, problems, uh, nature, because all of these star got their own problems, uh, money problems. And then I manifest according to these seven problems. Then I got a formula to actually help me to move forward in my finance, in my financial world. 

Yeah. That's the whole reason we do this now. Once you know this, let's start with number one. 

Number one is survival. How many, how many of you here still remember what, uh, what is about this survival? So remember survival is what is safe. No, they're constantly on alert, right? Yeah. 

They need to be present because anytime things could happen. So now let me show you the next slide here. When you talk about seven star, star number one is about member survival, right? So if your problems are related to finance instability and income uncertainty, sometimes you get, sometimes you don't. 

All right. So how many of you have this problem? Sometimes you can make money. Sometimes it's not, it's not consistent. 

Yeah. One part-time job over another. All right. 

So your problem right now can relate, can trace back to star number one. Okay. So now we know the problem. 

What is the yin and yang? What is the counter aspect of this? Is achievement manifestation, what we call flow of consistent abundance. You need that. Okay. 

You need the manifestation of flow of consistent abundance. And why I'm showing you, um, this one here, um, Ambassador and Earth. Whenever in achievement, any box you find a bad Ambassador and Earth, you, this is what we call flow of consistent and abundance to help you to mitigate this problem. 

Okay. All right. So now the team, please send the achievement day chart to them. 

All the four day charts. No, no, no. I'm not asking this guys in a PDF file. 

Now this is 2.9 already, you know, 2.9 too fast, right? Yeah. So yeah, better delete it. Okay. 

So send them the yesterday achievement day chart under the PDF folder. There are four months. Remember yesterday, some of you asked why suddenly disappeared is because yesterday, that one is for today. 

Okay. By now, yes, that's the one you see October and then the rest will come soon. Okay. 

I see November already. And, uh, and so do the rest of it. All right. 

So I give you four months. So now since you need to look at Ambassador and Earth, so you need to look back each of the day that comply to this. Okay. 

So, uh, that is the whole idea of doing this. So remember Ambassador and Earth, right? So now let me show you one chart here quickly. Okay. 

This is what I, uh, we sent to you just now. Do you see the achievement chart right now? Okay. Okay. 

Now do you see Earth and Ambassador on this day? Can you see it? Yes. Yeah. This is not the only one. 

So, but the thing here you need to trace. So if your problem are related to finance and uncertainty, back to Southeast for manifestation on 1st of January, in this case, of course, there are more dates that comply to this. I just show you an example. 

So why I'm sending you this, you just need to concern about this part. The rest, you can ignore. This is why we send extra for you. 

So you feel happier. That's it. Okay. 

But the real usage here is this one. This one, by the way, is achievement day chart. It's a day. 

So it changes every single day. So if that's what you need, pay attention on 1st of January 2026. If you want this, start path number one about survival, you're back to Southeast. 

Everyone clear? Okay. You ask, do I need anything else? No. The rest you can ignore. 

It's a whole day, if you want to take care of so many things, after two years, you also cannot manifest. You only can see your friends become richer and richer, but not you. You keep thinking you want to unwind everything. 

Too late. Period 9, you need to focus. There are no perfect day. 

You need to be okay with it. Just like a person, right? Your spouse, right? Are they perfect? No. So do you not perfect, right? Does that mean you need to continue to fight? No. 

You need to live with that. As long as there's something you like about them, I would say it's pretty good. Okay. 

For all the guys here, what is the definition of a good wife? What do you think? If your wife are also learning, please don't say anything. You create World War III, okay? So now, to my best explanation, a great wife is someone who forgives her husband when she is wrong. Okay? Do you understand this? I think you get the point, right? It's very deep, but I think even the girls will agree.

A great wife definition is they're willing to forgive their husband when she is wrong. If you're able to adopt this mantra, I would say you have a great relationship forever. Girls, do you like this mantra or not? Okay. 

Now, let's jump back to wealth, all right? So I deviate a little bit. So basically, when they do something wrong, they'll forgive their husband. Basically, that's what the point is, okay? So now, so you look for ambassador. 

Why is like this? Okay, let me share with you. If you learn Shiman, you know ambassador, the way they make money is not like commission, sudden, it's fluctuates. No. 

The way they make money is consistency. You see your consistency here? And earth element represents something stable. If you abundance, it's not because I make a lot, but they have gratitude. 

Do you need this? Do you need gratitude? Yes, right? Otherwise, you want to give you like so much money, you always keep thinking it's not enough. So a lot of CEO want to make money, right? I always ask people, how much is enough for you? If it's not due to chasing money forever. So the earth star tells you what is enough. 

Now you see the point here, right? Because survival state, they can't do this. They can't think about this because in their world, it's always scarcity. So this will be combating star one problem.

Okay, understand? All right. Now, the team will send you this slide. It will soon appear. 

Wow, so fast. Very good. Okay. 

Star number one. Are you guys okay? Let me know if you're okay, if you're still breathing. Okay, good. 

All right. So now, next one. Star number two.

Star number two is about debt and overwhelming expenses. How many of you have this? You just pay like the minimum payment on your credit card every month, and you're overwhelmed with a lot of expenses. And then some more to add, I would say, put the sawn into the wood further. 

Suddenly, you receive a call that your wife just ordered another Amos bag, but it's under your tab. So basically, your credit card being charged again, and that kind of thing. So that's what I call overwhelming expenses. 

So if you have this issue you want to solve, the solution here is this. Debt release frequency. So all you need to do is do what? This one is not so easy. 

You need to look for three elements. The earth stabilize, because the earth is the one that stopped the bleeding. Stabilize first. 

Okay, and then the life door, of course, is money. And disruptor is to disrupt the pattern. If you already in debt, what is opposite of that? Okay, it changed, right? It makes money. 

So therefore, for this, disruptor is like, you know, like you ground digging, destroy something, or allow you to breathe, because now you are stuck. So the disruptor here is like digging the earth. So the life door, the life force will come out.

So you are breather. So you don't feel so overwhelmed. Okay, so then if you need this, or maybe in the future, or your friend need this, then you need this element. 

So some of you say 4th of November. Very good. Let's look at 4th of November, everyone. 

So see whether you got this or not. Thank you. Thank you, Aspen.

So let's check whether 4th of November have this formation or not. So fast. Okay, look at 4th of November. 

So you see the northwest sector. You're right, Aspen. So many. 

Now more coming up. Okay, good. So let's use one example here. 

4th of November. So let me... Okay, do you see it here? You got earth. You got disruptor. 

You got life door. Confirm. So when you see this, you got what? Depth release frequency. 

So since it's northwest, back to northwest on that day, 4th of November, and then ask for something you want at that day. So basically is to overcome your depth. Okay, cool. 

Why they have depth or not? Do you want to know why they have depth? Why star number 2 is related to depth? Because remember...