about to share. I would say you are a one of the lucky few. Okay. 

Okay. So let's see. All right. 

So someone asked about how about speak louder and clear. This I think is already the best I can adjust from my part here. How about you guys? Can you hear me well? The rest of you? Is the voice okay? Okay. 

Since it's okay, I think probably it's an isolated incident. Probably you try to fix your speaker or something. All right. 

Good. So today, yeah, let me just tell you what we're going to do here today. Today is a bonus session. 

The fact you're able to join here is because only because you enroll for the Born for Wealth program. Have you guys enrolled for Born for Wealth? Hopefully so, right? If you are not, and then you're here, something weird. You are not supposed to be here, you know? Okay. 

This is just to let you guys know. And this is a bonus. One of the three bonuses that offer to all the students who enroll for Born for Wealth, which will be conducted on next month, October 18 and 19. 

And that's the reason I do the business, sorry, the bonus before the actual core program. What is the reason? I think some of you watched my webinar before, you know. What is the reason I do this bonus in September? Because there's a Wealth Portal. 

All right. A Wealth Portal opening. I've been telling you this Wealth Portal is starting from September the 7th and then probably last year until end of December. 

I'm going to be precise, will be around 4th of January next year. Okay. So this gives us like four months runway here. 

And the first month is, I would say, is very important. And I'm going to actually share with you for today. There are five powerful manifestation dates. 

Okay. You're here for that. Okay. 

When I say dates, it has to be matched with the right timing. Okay. This is in the end. 

This is what you're going to get. And I'm going to explain how I derive to those dates as well. And some of you here are beginner. 

You might not know what I'm explaining, but in the end, you need not to, to benefit from this program because throughout today's session, you will get five dates, powerful dates. Are you guys okay? Even for beginner. Okay. 

If you discover, if I go sometime, I go to explain some point that is so-called the technical part. If you don't know, it's fine. Okay. 

You're not missing out anything. I'm going to give you a date that is not technical. I'm not going to tell you like it's a wood horse day and then it's a fire pig month. 

No. Okay. I give you something like, like, okay. 

20th of September, 2025. That kind of information. Are you guys okay? All right. 

So now why, why this is so important compared to anything else for the fourth quarter here is because I want, I want you to know this part first, because everything we do in metaphysics, we are not going to aim for like short-term thing, right? We don't want to feel good at this moment. And then in the end, it doesn't help you to solve the actual cost. I realize that a lot of people, they like to solve problems. 

How many of you like to solve Of course, if you already have problems, we like to solve it. But 80% of the people, they solve problems by changing the way they feel. There's this one, a few good, for example, we hit your boss right now. 

And your way to solve those problem is to what is to resign. Okay. So, or if you are in a big argument with your boss right now, the most natural thing in most of the people is, okay, I resigned. 

I hate my boss. I cannot take it anymore. Right. 

So, and what you are actually solving, are you solving problem? Yes. In a way, but you just change your strategy is to change how you feel at that moment, because you're not feeling good. You feel happy when you tend the resonation, you feel happy by observing the shocking expression from your boss. 

Right. And that feeling probably lasts you maybe one month, and then you have no job. You look for a new job and you discover, you'll find another new boss, that same person, but different name.

How many of you encountered those scenario before? It's the repeating cycle. There is a different name, but almost the same person. Right. 

But let me ask you how many times you can change. Right. Some of us here attracted to the old, maybe all the time attracted to the same love companion and you're wondering why. 

Right. So therefore it doesn't solve the problem. If you only, you know that the reason your boss don't like you, maybe because you, you're not very open to new ideas. 

And if you fix it, that is a real way to solve problems because you know the cost. Yeah. Just same like money. 

Right. Some people that solve the problem, their financial problem by borrowing more from the bank. So they look good in social media. 

They post their traveling photos, the new cars put a nice upfront. So they feel good. Oh, I'm not that bad after all, but actual, uh, in reality behind the scene, yeah, it's not doing well. 

Right. But some people, they don't buy new cars first. They don't show anything. 

You know, they're just behind the scene. They work hard. They learn how to create more wealth that is solving the cost. 

Okay. So today is the same. You know, that we don't look at just one or two months. 

We look at throughout at least two to three years forward. Okay. So two to three years focus, which means that one thing happened the next two years. 

Uh, if you follow some of my webinar before you've been, I think you also, uh, hear me saying that it's not a pretty, uh, year is a chaotic year. Yeah. Let me show you this.

I think this is not something, uh, new to you. If you're a beginner, just to let you know, this is a period of time where there'll be volatility. So now why you might think I wasn't why, why is volatility? How do you derive those information? Uh, from it is because period nine is a period or energy transition from 2024 to 2043. 

These are the period governed by fire element. Okay. Fire element is an element that is chaotic, unstable. 

They can even burn the forest. Okay. Depends on whether it's a candle flame or then it can light up the room. 

So, but it can become chaotic. It can burn everything down. So, which means these are the period of renewal. 

Okay. So renewal means that once everything being destroyed or obliterated, okay, so whatever it is, you destroy, what is the next thing to happen? Rebirth, right? Things starting new again. So you discover in period nine, uh, there'll be a lot of things being transformed, or you can say transformation. 

Yeah. So, or it's the end of something, and then there'll be a lot of renewal. So a lot of people think it's a bad thing. 

Yeah. But if you are the part of the winning, you destroy the bad, you welcome the new. Don't you think it's better? It's good thing. 

Okay. If you actually attended some of my paid period nine class, I think during big reset, how many of you here attended some of my previous period nine class? Okay, good. So I, if I'm not mistaken, I thought so many period nine classes before.

If I remember correctly, it's in the big reset class. I showed a graph, okay. The energy of period nine, and that is a spike in 2026 and 2027. 

Okay. So, but I teach that class is like what, 2020 during pandemic time. And now, yeah, that is, uh, I, I did share the trajectory of the energy.

And one point that, because that time is not that important because that time is like what, five years ago. So normally we don't pay attention what is happening five years after, but I did show that that's the changes of energy around 2026, 2027. I also tell them that I told them, I told them that time that this other period, you can make a lot of money if you're prepared.

Okay. If you still remember, but now fast forward five years, here we are, we are in 2024 right now. And one is the thing here is like this. 

Let me show you this part again. Yeah. Period nine is about fire, volatile, a lot of reset happening. 

And now the next thing here is let's look at the year. Okay. Period nine starting in 2024. 

All right. It's where the new cycle coming in. And then 2025, here we are right now, uh, in the year of, uh, wood snake and in 2026 and 2027, there are fire horse and fire goat. 

So you know, that horse itself is already a fire element, right? And goat itself is already a fire element by itself, but it just happened one more time. It's become a fire horse and fire goat some more. So is it a small fire or big fire? Big, right? So big fire. 

And this is a fire, pure fire pillar. Okay. Only two, uh, if you learn Pazer, there are only 60 pillars. 

Two out of 60 pillar is very powerful because they are pure fire element. I'll need to remember this. So therefore, in order to see this to repeat again, how long you need to wait another 60 years. 

Okay. And if you want to backtrack to also, uh, to six years ago, you also can see it, but why this time again, more attention, because if you look at periods, it could be different period, but to get this two element at period nine, because period can come from one to nine and only one period governs fire, which is period nine. So to see the two pure fire element years in the period nine, it took you like 180 years.

Okay. To complete the whole cycle. So therefore, is it rare? How many generation can happen in 180 years? Huge. 

So in a way we live in a fortunate period. I mean, all of you here that able to witness this transformation. So the next two years will be very interesting. 

Yeah. Therefore, that's why these are, yes, it's chaotic. It's unstable. 

Yeah. But it also a sign of transformation. You become stronger, renew and rebirth. 

Okay. That is the whole game in these two years. That's why, that's why I created Born for Wealth. 

Yeah. Some of you asked why I do it in 2025 October, because of these two years, because we look at long-term. Then how about today bonus? Today bonus is to help you to get prepared for next year. 

And because you know that all of us here might not have the same pattern chart. Some of you still complaining your pattern chart. How come I got this element? I don't like that. 

Right. So therefore this, this today's session is to give you certain dates so you can install energy first. Of course, good energy. 

So you can actually take more advantage of the upcoming year. And even now, because now already in the, under the wealth portal. So you insert with new energy first. 

How about that? You get the unfair advantage. You don't want to get the leftovers. All right. 

So you might thinking, right? Hey, if I do it in November or December, what happened? You still can. All right. Because it's still in the wealth portal, but you just get leftovers. 

Who want leftovers? Yucks. Right. We want the first dish. 

Yeah. The fresh dish. So you want to any, it could, it couldn't be anything fresher because it's only started in 7 September and the good dates among September only happens starting at 20th of September. 

Okay. So there's some of you might think I was in 13 already few days after, but does not matter because the good days, the first one later, which I'm going to tell you is forced on 20th of September. Okay. 

So now how do we do this here? If you, let me show you this first for you to better understand. If you look at this, this two-year fire horse and fire good is actually is the curse of the crimson horse and the red good. Okay. 

This is just a term to make it more mysterious, to make it more powerful. Basically they are referring to this two years. Okay. 

Let me show you again. 2026 and 2027. So right now, today we want to do something to get prepared. 

And I discovered that one thing, that's a wealth portal. I think most of you already know is starting from September until December. If you don't know now, you know, so just to give you some background here, me, myself, I like to track portal. 

How many of you have this hobby? I actually plan out the planning. I study, I calculate the elements. I know exactly when the portal open. 

Okay. Of course there are some of it are wealth portal. Some of them are fat portal. 

Okay. Fat portal mean that you do something with those portal open, you can gain weight on it. Some people don't know, right? How long suddenly I gain weight? Maybe you accidentally activate fat portal. 

And that is not what I'm going to discuss today. Okay. So to tell you, I have this strong interest in defining, finding all these portal.

And the first one I actually located is in 2017. And that's a huge portal at that time. And that's the time I resigned from my corporate job. 

Okay. End of 2026 and 2017. So that time I worked in an IT company. 

It's a listed France company. I think one of my ex-colleagues is also here today. Her name is Celine. 

She's still working there. Okay. But yeah, so, and, and for me, I transited from that company. 

I make a tough decision. I become, I start my own thing and it's hard for me because I'm not, I'm not someone that have a lot of courage. I'm risk averse. 

Some of you here similar. You think too much, you think too much and you end up, you don't have the courage to make decision. Yeah. 

That was me. Okay. Well, it doesn't work out. 

Right. I got, I got so many commitment. How do people see me? You know, so many things happening, but at that time at the right portal, I just make the decision and you, you know why. 

And a lot of people ask me, Hey, I was in what went through your mind at that time to make a big decision in your life. Okay. So, and how do you motivate yourself? How do you talk to yourself internally? And I can tell you all this inspirational story. 

Yeah. But if I, I always direct with people, I don't want to motivate them. I start telling him what is happening for me at that time. 

That time I just do it. I also don't know. Have you been in a time you just do something without asking too much? You've asked me, am I confident doing that? No, but I also not afraid. 

So I saw like in the middle, I just do it. It never occurred to me. I will fail or I will be successful. 

I don't know that. So those are the time where the influence of Pazza might break loose a little bit because my Pazza chart, I'm a direct wealth structure. I'm very secure person. 

Everything make any decision, especially related to career or money. I need to think like 10 times, but at that time, my thought is just clear. I just made the decision. 

Of course, a few months after that, I feel a bit regret. Yeah. Because when you start something, always there'll be a down time, right? I said, Oh my God, why I made that decision? But during the portal activation, you are clear.

And, but looking back right now, I'm glad that I did. So at least right now I can do something that I like. I realized I was a programmer and nowadays I realize that IT, AI can replace, I would say 80% of a programmer job. 

If I was still stuck there, I might need to pivot a little bit. Agree? So now moving forward here, that is the first portal I tried. I made a decision and 2020 also another portal. 

That's why I created Period 9 program in 2019. And then another one is in 2024, the first quarter of 2024. The 2020 is the pandemic part, right? Because the activated, it gives you a runway to actually able to thrive during pandemic time. 

2024 first quarter, because the Period 9 come. And after 2024, now the next portal here is 2025. And this portal is a bit short, September to December. 

Okay. Just to give you some background here, how do we track the portal? One of the way is you're using Qimen. Okay. 

I'll be quick here because I mentioned this before. So in any year, there'll be an energy coming. So now it's 2025. 

Okay. So in 2025, wealth portal always come from the life door. Okay. 

So you see a life door here, right? Okay. So life door here. And when you see a death and emptiness means it's closed.

And which means the portal is closed, but is it a powerful portal? Yes. Why? Because it come with the chief. You see a chief here. 

So anytime you see a chief is sort of like 10 exit, but no use because it's in death and emptiness. So the way to unlock it is to wait for the right time. We cannot unlock it at will, because this is a, cause more energy in bigger than any one of us.

So therefore we look at the theory of opposite is here. So which means the West box. So now when we look at the West box, let me just, when we look at the West box is I highlighted here.

Okay. West box. So if you learn metaphysics, West box is September. 

That's where we are right now. And this energy will extend until December. So let me just give you a September is here.

October, November is here. Here is December. So the portal runway here is formats. 

Why? Because after you reach January in the North is is earth element of counter water is stop the bottle. Okay. Otherwise, if not, then you still continue. 

But I think four months is good enough. Make sense? So you can also see that, right? Since the powerful portals in the East. All right. 

So your bottle is in the East. So which means that you see a lot of development or the portal in the East area. So you see a lot of, I would say progress in China country.

Do you see that guys? Because East is the portal, right? Yeah. You see how the growth so fast in terms of EV industry, the overtake Tesla. So many things happening. 

You see a lot of development happen on that because the life portal is in the East area. Okay. So now if you also can see that since the energy well portal is highlighted here. 

So you know that, let me write here. This is metal, right? M here is metal, also metal here is water. So metal produce water until here is good. 

Until then meet the earth, the earth counter water is stops. So what can we tell from here? Also, if your chart got a lot of metal or water, you, you can actually able to discover more opportunity in this few months. How many of you, you have a strong or stable element of metal or water? Good. 

Okay. So you should already see it. Of course you need to do something, right? If I just say, no, I'm a stay at home husband. 

I do then no results because portal, you still need to walk into it. Agreed. So it's a doorway.

So this is okay. But so some don't have, don't worry. That's why we need to use today's dates to help you to bring forth the energy at will or by force. 

How many of you here want to force thing? You want to force something? Of course, right? If you don't want, I want to bring it forward by demand by hook or by crook, I must get it. So, you know, to get it, not the time, the date itself is not enough. You need the right time. 

Okay. Now you sort of understand the portal. All right. 

The, the portal here and the portal, why this is so important in this portal here, because you, you realize one thing, you know, if you into all this planet alignment, do you know that September month alone, you see a full lunar eclipse. You also see a partial solar eclipse two in the same month. Okay. 

Some of, if you don't know, it's fine. And it's normal because that is not what you do on, on your day job, right? So just to tell you eclipse, eclipse, there are two type of eclipse, lunar eclipse, and also solar eclipse. And in September, there are lunar eclipse and there are solar eclipse. 

Lunar eclipse is already past. It's like seven and eight of October, if I remember correctly. And then the, the solar eclipse comes in 21st or 22nd this month. 

Okay. So just to let you know, do not manifest in these two days. Yeah. 

21 to 22nd. I, you need to check where you are in the, in on earth location. Some of you here is 21st. 

Some of you are 22nd. So to be safe, just mark this today. That's good. 

You care about guys? I saw people, all right, they still need to search the longitude, altitude, whatever. Come on. Can you just stop? Just only two days only. 

I'm not asking you to stop eating, right? Just don't manifest. Yeah. Because during eclipse, during eclipse, the energy is not stable. 

Yeah. But eclipse also represent that rare cosmic reset. Yeah. 

Big reset happening. Okay. Don't you think this is what we are looking for? Guys? Yeah. 

A lot of people think eclipse is bad, right? Eclipse basically means a cosmic reset. Yeah. It clear the old, bring the new coming in. 

So don't you think even if we put Chinese astrology aside, do you see this also coincide with other event from, in the cosmic event? So it tell you this real portal even more powerful. Do you get it? Right. So happen at the same time. 

We, from Qimen, we say that it's a big reset, right? If I, if I show you back on the Qimen chart, September, okay. So you see, let me see. You see September, right? September is here. 

Do you see death door? Yes. Right. Death door means what? Not mean dying. 

It mean a reset. So it's also coincide. So therefore this, uh, the month death door in Qimen, death door represent cosmic reset. 

You want to learn Qimen, you write it down. Okay. Death door represent reset. 

In this case, it is a cosmic reset. Something, for example, the new you. Okay. 

Maybe all this day you like to sleep until 11 a.m. A new you, a new mindset. You wake up at 6 a.m. You go and exercise. Good enough. 

It's end of your bad habit. Okay. Or you're being surrounded with a lot of toxic people, toxic friends, who keep pulling you down, stopping you from moving forward. 

It's a time to unfriend them. Okay. So a lot of people don't like that, right? Yeah. 

They think all reset is bad. No. So therefore death door is not always a negative door. 

Yeah. Sometimes it represents something new. Yeah. 

Innovation or so a death or something and something new, something. Right. So you see it actually align. 

So now when we see this thing call inside this, make this period become more powerful. Think about this. When we look at the lunar, okay. 

Let me show you whether I see a God one or not. Okay. Let me show you this. 

This one quickly, you, this easy one is like, this is picture. So it seems like I'm teaching kindergartens is fine. So this is a lunar eclipse.

You know, moon itself don't have light, right? You need to reflect the light of the sun. So in this case here, since the earth stand in the way, you got lunar eclipse. Agree? Make sense? If you don't understand, it's fine. 

I just want to give some detail because today is not the normal free webinar. I want to give you some real stuff here. It'll be helpful if you want to deep dive into astrology later. 

So you know about this term Umbra and Penumbra, okay. This will make them look expert on it. Basically it's a shadow creator. 

Okay. So the shadow that you see here, if you look at sun eclipse, let's say I bring forward here and we look at some eclipse. Okay. 

Sun eclipse is like this. You are here. Go on. 

You're on earth, right? So sun eclipse means you cannot see the sun. The moon block it. So the moon stand in the way.

So when the light shine on through on earth, through the moon, don't you think this area is a shadow creator? That is the most yin energy. Sun is yang. Okay. 

So moon is yin, so here is the most yin energy. So therefore, have you heard about someone or someone say that don't go out during moon or sun eclipse? Have you heard about it? But not the whole world though. Depends on which area affected.

And the most yin is the darkest color. And why? So they say don't do any manifestation because it's the most yin. When is most yin? Because it's a cosmic reset. 

It actually release something or letting go of something. Because most of the time when we manifest, we want something in. Let's say you want to manifest a girlfriend. 

You try to manifest during solar eclipse, what will happen? Because solar eclipse say that it's letting go something, it's releasing something. So actually you're manifesting what actually? Tell me. Even your mind, you say I want to manifest boyfriend, I want to manifest girlfriend. 

You're actually letting that person out. Maybe you're supposed to meet this person next week, but somehow you don't get to meet this person because you manifest in the wrong time. Okay. 

Got it? Do you understand? Okay. So I want you to understand this. So otherwise you might think, oh, eclipse no good, eclipse no good. 

We don't know. Yeah. You just follow. 

We don't want that, right? We don't want anyone to have blind faith. So now you know the thing, the timing is important. And this eclipse happened twice in September. 

Therefore, this is a really big reset because during this time here, if you don't like if you don't like what you're doing, your life and everything, this month is the perfect month to initiate change. Okay. All right. 

So do you feel like you make sort of like a right decision to join today? Yeah. Because this is the only one class I talk about this. Only one. 

Okay. Those, I know some of you not able to join, they'll need to see the replay. Yeah. 

Hopefully when the replay out, you're able to, the date is there, but we try to work something out from there. But since you're here, remember this. Yeah. 

So you're going to reset something. September is the best month. So how do we actually pull this off? Okay. 

So you know that to in alignment, we need to align this thing here. We need to actually select certain dates because any, every time there's an eclipse coming, it will disrupt the flow. Yeah. 

So let me show you this again. This is from cosmic point of view. You learn this before, but now the tab, the heaven is a sun. 

Okay. It represent a sun because it represent a divine view cycle of time is the most Yang, remember? And therefore, when there is a solar eclipse, since they have the sun, it will happen, influence a macro thing like purpose, leadership, the big shift. So earth itself is earth. 

All right. It's self-explanatory. And the next one is the man. 

Man is a moon. Yeah. Because the, the, the moon does not emit light.

It just reflect the light from the sun. Therefore it reflect the heaven design. So therefore it affects someone emotion, someone relationship.

So in summary, what is the difference between solar and lunar eclipse? Solar, which means they cover up the sun. It means that it, it actually affect big things. Okay. 

Big things like what big cycle, your destiny, external opportunities. That is solar eclipse. Then lunar eclipse is the Yin. 

So it affect what? Letting go, feeling, your karmic weight. Yeah. So internal, your relationship, your emotion, how you feel. 

But this one, both also present, big shake up or not. All right. If you're talking about, about big things, the economy is most of the time is a solar. 

And you talk about how we feel our emotion and our karmic, our luck cycle internally, then it's a lunar. So this one have both, which means both also get resetted. Okay. 

So how do we make the question here is, it's more like, how do we benefit from this? It's true. Let me show you this. It's true.

You need to manifest during the wealth portal to get the benefits. Okay. So as I shared with you just now, whatever, it's not easy to select this date, by the way, I will explain to you how I actually select it, but it's, it's not that easy because there are difference between manifestation date and also portal manifestation date. 

Okay. If you learn Qimen, I will share with you later. So now let's test whether you remember or not. 

Just now I mentioned there are few boxes in Qimen that represent the starting of the wealth portal until the end, where it starts, the West box and it ends at North. Right. So let me bring up the diagram here.

So a wealth portal manifestation date has to have belong to any of this box. Or a relationship with this box makes sense. Yeah. 

So later I show you has to be related. Otherwise it's not a portal manifestation. This is extra information for some Qimen expert here. 

Okay. So later I show you step by step. Now I'm about, I'm about to give you those date first. 

Okay. So giving you date does not mean you know how to manifest. I know while I'm giving the date, some of you might ask, Hey Alvin Sun, how do you manifest? Do I sit down? Do I run? Do I sleep? Or can I eat while I'm manifesting? Can you hold that thought first? First step, you get the dates and the direction first. 

Are you guys okay? After I give you everything, then I'll go to one section specifically talking about how to manifest. Are you guys clear? You copy? I'm sure there'll be some in the chat will ask me, Hey Alvin Sun, is it backing or facing? Can you hold that thought first? Okay, good. Clear. 

So now let me show you the first date. Okay. But what, when I show you the date, I'm going to show on the screen.

You'll be okay. It'd be good if you can take a photo out of it on a date. So you need not to write it down. 

Okay. Now the first one we call this date is carefully hand-picked from the month of September. This is called the heaven gate of fortune.

So do we like this? How many of you like this? Heaven gate of fortune. Of course you like, right? Even if you don't like, you have to say like, otherwise I won't give you the date. Okay. 

Let me tell you, let me tell you what is this business. Okay. Heaven gate of fortune.

It represent the portal is open where the heaven aligned to new stream of income. So which means new opportunities. How many of you here want more new job opportunities? Or if you start a business, you want a great start to it. 

Yeah. Fresh opening, like starting a new job, new business, because this a heaven gate means you got the divine support. That is how powerful this date is. 

Okay. How many dates I'm going to give you today? Five. This is the first one heaven gate of fortune.

Okay. Now let me give you the date. Okay. 

Take a photo first. Now use your smartphone or screenshot, whatever to give us. So heaven gate of fortune, the first one falls on 20th of September, 2025. 

And the time is 5 AM until 5 59 AM back into Northwest. I haven't shared with you how to do it, but just capture this information. You can do a screenshots or you can actually just take a photo using your phone's easiest.

I know some of you do not take a screenshot. It's fine. Take a photo of it. 

Is it done? Okay. So, yeah, this is your local time. So you don't need to do any conversion. 

Are you guys clear? So it follows your local time. Okay. You want to celebrate Christmas, you follow your own Christmas date. 

You don't follow Malaysia Christmas date. Okay. Yeah. 

It's the same principle. So now, uh, one thing here, this date here only usable to all of you. Yeah. 

If someone right now next to you, picking your colleague, listening to you while you're watching this, your colleague, you're not able to benefit from this. Okay. I know some people, of course, not all of you here, some people that they make a pirated version of the video or they get down the dates that we sell it to other people. 

Okay. So it's illegal by the way. So even I don't know they do that, those dates they cannot use. 

Even they follow exactly the step at the right date at that time, they cannot use. Okay. Just to let you know first, you might think, Hey, I was saying, how do you do that? You want to know how I do that? Yeah. 

It's, it's, it's, it's more to protect stuff. Right. I don't like, I don't like Keith to steal, uh, my work, you know, respect of those people that actually, uh, actually get in here today. 

Right. Some people that like to steal and the way I do is like this. It's not that I'm that powerful. 

I use a comic day to select these five dates. Okay. All right. 

So I cut story short. That's the trick to do it to combat piracy. I need not to know your date of birth on a comic date. 

Okay. Of course you don't worry. Even you, even someone, if one of the teeth later watch this video, don't worry. 

I'm not that bad. Yeah. If you use that date, you won't get disaster.

Okay. It's just not useful to you today, which means you get zero results. Are you guys okay? But I decide I actually meet during the comic date. 

It's can be shared towards family member. Okay. That is a thing. 

So don't worry. So if you, you let your husband know, or you let your children know is that this is more dedicated to those people. I know some of them, they are also doing right now. 

Sometimes they actually buy my cause and then they're, they're, they're pirated and then they sell the info to other people. Okay. And those people that like all this, like $1, $2 thing, they go and buy. 

They don't see results, but don't worry. I do. I'm not a bad person that you curse you a bad luck. 

No, it's just no result. Are you guys okay? But not all of you here. All right. 

All of you here, you are legit. So I'm just telling you that there are ways to do it is I select the five days in a comic date that I selected to select this five days. And then I draw certain rules because at first I thought, right, those people that actually copy this illegally, they might get diarrhea or something, but finally I didn't do that.

Okay. So which means nothing happened. You just don't get results using this date.

Okay. Now this is something I do because I realized all my work, just to tell you a lot of my causes, they put it, they're pirated. They could, they put in this e-commerce software or like e-marketplace. 

Yeah. Of course we have lawyers to go after them, but we also don't support this kind of behavior. So I, on my part is the best I can do. 

All right, cool. But even to share your families is fine. Right. 

That I didn't mean, I only say that those people that do this with illegal part. Okay. Don't worry. 

Don't worry. Now, and now the, the first one just now, I just show you again, just in case you miss out. Okay. 

This one, heaven gate of fortune is about what? It's about great beginning, starting something, a fresh opening. Yeah. Very good for starting a new job, starting a new businesses, which means that you got the support.

You got the green light from the universe. Okay. Nice. 

Okay. So now do you want to know how this date being selected or not? Do you want to know? Okay. But if you say yes, I'll share some technical part. 

If a beginner, you take it as a learning process. Okay. Even you don't know everything is fine. 

Eventually you will, but you don't need the understanding to use the date later. Okay. So now I'm going to show you the 20th of September 5 a.m. chart. 

Okay. These are the chart. Okay. 

Let me tell you why it's Northwest. Because if you learn Feng Shui or metaphysics, when they say heaven gate, Ti Mu, it always resides in the Northwest. How many of you here, you learn some metaphysics before, especially Feng Shui. 

When we say heaven gate, where the heaven gate is? Yeah. Northwest, right? Yeah. It's a Qian Gua, later heaven Qian. 

So if you want to use a heaven gate of fortune, the first criteria Northwest is the box. Okay. Cool.

If you don't know, it's fine. All right. So now let's move on to the chart again. 

Let me show you how it's being derived. Okay. Since it's in Northwest, do you like what you're seeing here? Guys, do you like? Okay. 

First of all, when I say fresh opening, new opportunity, portal opening, don't you think it's here? Yeah. It's a gate of fortune, right? So the Northwest box already a heaven gate. It's already a heaven gate. 

If you don't know, now you know. If you've practiced Feng Shui before, you know, team mood. Okay. 

The gate need to be open. Agree or not? So don't you think we need an open door here, guys? Yeah. Let's talk about common sense. 

You need not to know metaphysics to know you need the portal or the gate to be open first. What if this is the delusion door? Will it still work or not? No. Because delusion is a closed door, right? So we need that.

So now there's an ambassador, you know, ambassador is about wealth opportunities. Okay. And then Bing and Wu form a flying bird. 

So it gives you what? It gives you the divine support because this is like things fall into your lap. So open means starting something. And then you've got the great head start in the heaven gate.

Okay. And then if you learn Qimen before, you know, sneak is belong to fire element. Okay. 

So because now the portal open for the next two years is fire. So sneak represents continuity. So you can bring this energy forward. 

Do you like this? Okay. Powerful. Yeah. 

We like a lot of people like surging snake, right? You also don't know surging snake actually represent continuity. If you subscribe to Netflix, subscription on monthly basis also a surging snake. Okay. 

So we want the snake to carry good energy forward. So this box contain the heaven gate contain so many good energy. So now that is where we go to actually use it this way.

Okay. Some of you ask, can I use a day or hour chart? We use hour chart. Okay. 

We need to be precise. Day chart is the energy is not focused. Yeah. 

You need to crack the code to the wealth portal. You need to have a precision here. And one thing I'm not sure whether you realize or not.

Don't you think the box I selected also belong to the boxes I highlighted from September to December just now. You also notice that. Okay. 

That's what I mentioned portal dates. They either belong to West, Northwest or North. Or if it's not, it has to be have some relation to it. 

For example, like early, later haven't occurred to. Okay. But now it's direct in the Northwest because you want it. 

And if you learn Yijing or, you know, some form of Yijing, you've got this big livestock hexagram here. What does big livestock means? A lot of assets. Yeah. 

Because this is a, this is a, where the Genggua carry the Qian. So in the image of a cave inside a lot of treasure. Yeah. 

So do you like all the element inside here guys? Type the word yes. If you have, or let's say, I don't know what you're talking about for the last 10 minutes. Because I'm just new. 

It's fine. What you need to know. Only this. 

Okay. You see, you know, 20th September, 5am to 5.59am Northwest. What to do? You don't know yet, but you get this.

You already will get the benefits later. Okay. Good. 

So this, remember, gift of fortune, always opening something. Yeah. Divine support, fresh opening. 

It's not something that you already starting for like two years ago. Yeah. But since we all just use it, even if you're not starting something. 

Okay. Yeah. Because there's always a formal part, right? If you're missing out, if your neighbor also attended this class and he's using it and you're not, you feel incomplete, you're imbalanced. 

Right. So therefore now we know it, right? So which means even you're not starting something right now, can you still manifest? Can you? Yes. Okay. 

Because as a surging snake, you can actually bring forward. Who knows a month or two from now, maybe after attending one for wealth, you want to start something. Okay. 

So just remember those information first, how to use it. I'll tell you later. Okay. 

Can you guys, okay. Can you hold back first? I know some of your question, like Esther. Okay. 

All right. Good. So now I'm just giving you the details. 

Now the, the second one. Okay. The second one I want to share with you here is called a dragon awaken the ward. 

So basically this mean awaken, because you know, whenever you want to create wealth, the person is important. Okay. The how you can look from chat GPT, you can look from Google, how to make money. 

But if you're a wrong person, maybe you're lazy, you'll keep complaining. It's not going to work. Or you haven't utilized your talent. 

Agree or not? I think about this, right? Someone that is a billionaire right now, even if you strip away all his assets, within few years, they're able to make it back. You guys agree. It's always the person, no matter where you go, giving him like two to three years time, you're able to make the fortune back. 

So the person is important. So this date here, what we say, the dragon awaken the ward means that, you know, it awakens something within you, potential within. Yeah. 

This one is like a dragon wake up, the dragon breathe. There's a long dormant treasure inside that he's hiding. The dragon is hiding. 

Right. So just imagine a sleeping dragon guarding the treasure chest. One day the dragon wake up and then reveal what has been hidden.

Okay. Hidden could be your skill. Okay. 

It could be contacts or resources you didn't even realize. For example, your talent. Maybe you're someone, you're a great investor, but you didn't realize all this time. 

So by using later on, after giving you the dates, later on, you're going to manifest. You somehow, you're able to discover what is within you, your talent or hidden opportunities or hidden strength that you've been, you've been overlooked all this while. So basically it represents potential opportunities that is hidden right now or forgotten opportunities. 

Okay. All right. So now let me show you the date first. 

23rd September. The time was also the same 5am until 6.59am. I know some of you might thinking what to do during that hour. Later I'll show you. 

Okay. Just remember this is northeast. The first one is northwest. 

This one is northeast. Okay. All right. 

So take a photo, take a screenshot. Once you're done. All right. 

Now look at the achievement chart. Okay. The achievement chart here on that hour is comprises of this. 

So now if you look at here, if you, I just explain the technical part a little bit here, this, this chart here, you have ambassador. Ambassador is always wealth mindset because ambassador represent thinking and then earth represent treasure. Okay. 

It's treasure here. And then the rest door represent royalties and also a form of wealth or connection. Remember just now it uncover certain connection, or maybe it's your good friend or someone, your old friends, you didn't contact recently. 

Then breast store represent context. So this is mindset and then the earth represent assets or opportunities. So you have all of this. 

And one thing here, if you look at this, do you realize that every time you need to awaken something, because town is hidden, right? You want to awaken the bottom and the top has to be the same. So is the same means something going up. Okay. 

Stable on earth. Like you learn Pazer, if your hidden wealth is at the bottom, the year you see the wealth on top, that's where it will rebuild. Right? So the same concept applied to achievement. 

So it's actually going to the top. You start to realize so many things. Okay. 

You discover everything become clear to you. And if you look at the Pazer chart of this hour, your Yin wood, your self element, right? Is here. Do you see another two Yin wood coming up? Do you see three Yin wood at the same time? Okay. 

Yeah. So someone say this is a Fu Yin stamp. No, Lily, this is not a Fu Yin stamp.

Okay. Fu Yin stamp, top and bottom need to be the same. Okay. 

All right. So now you see three here. So the Yin wood strong or not? Yes. 

They're able to gain clarity for whatever they're having. Okay. They got three out of four. 

It's good. So in the technical term, they call this the same Gua formation or Yat Gua Sun Qing. Okay. 

All right. Again, Lily, there are no Fu Yin stamp. Only pillars that have Fu Yin. 

Okay. So now understand this. So therefore this is great for awakening. 

Finally, they see things clearly. They know what they have. So that some of you able to hit enlightenment because this hexagram is a bliss hexagram.

Okay. Things become clear because bliss is an education hexagram. Yeah. 

You have no knowledge right now. Everything become clear. And the thing here is like this. 

You might wonder, okay, I will say, but this is not part of this box, right? Remember this three boxes of portal is not part of the box. Why? Why we need to use this box to activate the portal is because this box is Geng Gua. Do you know that the later heaven of Qian is Geng? Yes. 

Yeah. If this is for someone who learned early and later heaven, if you learn Feng Shui, you know, later heaven of Qian is what? Geng Gua. So do they have early and later heaven relation? So therefore it's part of the family group. 

Now just remember Qian Northwest, early heaven is Li, later heaven is Geng. So this Geng means that they are in later heaven relationship. So it's connected. 

So therefore we can use this box. Make sense? Okay. If you're new, you don't know what I'm talking about. 

It's fine. You just need to do what? Remember this. Okay. 

Let me clear this. Okay. It's called awakening. 

What is internal or lost opportunities you want to discover back on earth or this thing? How many of you here need hidden strength, hidden talent, or certain resources you don't realize you have? Now, maybe there's someone, some of your friends are really capable and rich right now, and you're reluctant to talk to them because you feel, okay, I don't like to use people. I've got integrity. Some people have this principle, but I've not asked you to use them. 

I just talk to them. All right. Have some conversation. 

You might discover something you can do here. So therefore anything related to hidden, hidden resources, hidden talent, hidden opportunities. Okay. 

So this is the purpose of the dragon awakening the world. Okay. Clear? So far, you guys. 

Okay. I just gave you two days and two days actually can do a lot of wonders. Type the word. 

Yes. If you understand, if you don't understand, just copy the date is still fine. All right. 

Okay, cool. So now this do is already can do wonders. And now let me show you the next one. 

The third one is this, the Phoenix of Fire of Renewal. Okay. This is another date is super important. 

Okay. This one is like this. I think you guys right now, by now should know 2026 and 2027 is not a pleasant year. 

Although it's a good year, but it comes with challenges. Agree on my problems. You always that I don't care who you are.

As long as you're alive, there'll be problems. A lot of people think, oh, I was a problem because you know, metaphysics. No, I still have problems. 

I'm going to deal with probably more than every one of you. Okay. Metaphysics help you to solve problems faster and make you always solve a better problem. 

Yeah. That's why you learn metaphysics. But if you don't go to learn metaphysics is to eliminate all problems, it's not possible. 

Only one type of people don't have problems. Those staying in cemetery right now. Okay. 

Yeah. But we don't want the same problem. Repeating agree on that. 

We want a better problem. Okay. For example, if you are a speaker last time, your problem is to filling the seat right now is a problem, right? But once you progress further, you become successful. 

Your problems now is yeah. You have so many people want to attend your class. You need to find a bigger room, a bigger auditorium or bigger hall. 

And that is also a problem, right? But it's a better problem is a good problem. So that's how metaphysics help us to get that. Okay. 

This will give a right mindset here. I don't expect on no problem. Everyone will have problems. 

So now the Phoenix fire of renewal is throughout all this chaos in 2026 and 2027. Beside this, you're able to rise stronger. How about that? As you know, Phoenix, right? To the two year of fire, you turn fire, you turn into ashes. 

And later on the Phoenix, you saw again. All right. So that rise from ashes. 

So this date here had this ability to thrive, to have transformation, true fire, true chaos, true challenges on past struggles without giving up. And in the process, they find great opportunities. If you want this, type the word yes. 

Okay. But this one can be pain. But even you don't use it, also painful, right? The year is chaotic, but this one you win after it. 

Okay, good. So now, but I want you to know it's painful, right? Even you don't use it, it's also painful already, but might as well using it. So now let me show you the date first. 

Capture this. Phoenix fire of renewal. These are the dates, 24th set. 

Okay. Then this time are more practical here. So start the hour is way early in the morning, right? This one is from 3 PM to 4.59 PM.

What are you going to do with the hour? Later. Okay. This is south.

Okay. Take a photo, take a screenshot. Okay. 

Five seconds. Five, four, three, two, one. Done. 

Once you know this, okay, let me show you the achievement chart. Why I select this date here. Okay. 

Why is in the south? You know south is what element? South is what element? Fire, right? So you know, you also know 2026 and 2027 is also fire year. If you want to take advantage of it, you want to be the same element with them. You guys agree. 

You don't want to counter them. You don't want to be countered by them, right? Same element friend, you're able to benefit, right? So you are the friend with certain like president or top guys in a company, you get benefits. So does it make sense? We also choose fire element box and basically metaphysics is common sense. 

So the more we understand what we want to achieve, we just mix and match. Okay. So now we come with this already. 

And now once we selected the fire box, so we can able to benefit from the fire, the Phoenix, remember fire burn into ashes, transform into a Phoenix. So now we come with a harm dog. Do we need a harm dog? Harm dog represent problems, pain, basically uncomfortable situation.

You need that because they need to burn into ashes to be, to turn into the rise above the ashes, right? So chaotic year, we need a harm dog. So when the harm dog with you, you are resilient. You don't give up easily. 

You have fighting power. You know, the harm dog is a dog of hunting, right? Yeah. The ability to fight back, to protect, to attack. 

If you don't have this energy, you give up because if you don't do, if you do nothing, you are not safe. It doesn't stop other people to attack you, right? So for example, some people say, I'd like to play politics in office, but it doesn't mean you're safe. Yeah. 

People might attack you politically agree or not. So you must have that fighting power to go through this, to rise and don't worry because you have a chief with you, he protects you. And then you have assistant star. 

Assistant star represent intelligent. A lot of people think the harm dog represent courage attack, right? It only used to when you are smart. Imagine you are very courageous, but you're stupid. 

Is it a good combination? No, you end up very impulsive. You do a lot of things that you might regret later, right? So now you learn one new thing. Harm dog you can use with the assistant star. 

Then now you are brave, yet you're intelligent. When you're intelligent, you know when to attack, when you need to hold back. Agree or not? So assistant star represent intelligence. 

So do we like the harm dog with assistant star? Yes? Yes. Okay. So we also like this. 

So now if you look at here, this one also, we have great structures here. And then we have this sin metal. Sin metal is good because sin metal represents something beauty. 

And because it's come with the chief, this sin metal become useless. Okay. So this is because phoenix look beautiful, right? So therefore, this will be able to help you to go through challenges and go on top because you have a and you're smart, you have assistant star. 

And you have fighting power. Okay. How many of you are like this? Okay. 

Okay. Good. By having this formation, you won't get bullied.

Okay. People don't dare to mess with you. Okay. 

Yeah. If you do this, they don't manifest your, your eyebrow. Very likely you'll be turned into like this. 

Okay. You're angry 10 to 4, 7. Okay. Now you see, right? A lot of people realize that harm dog is bad. 

No, it depends on the combination. Yeah. Because a harm dog mixed with the assistant star is a good harm dog. 

First of all, both also good element and also form an increasing hexagram. Okay. You're able to multiply your reward. 

Okay. Let me show you the increasing hexagram. That is the increasing hexagram. 

Okay. Cool. So this is the, this is a good thing here. 

Okay. More lastly, harm and hard is good combo. This one, that one, you need to see what situation you're in because hard is a metal, harm is a wood. 

So it's a metal chalk wood. If you're going through training, like weightlifting, probably you can use that combo. Mona, I'm actually replying to one of the student we have here. 

If you look at the chat box, Mona asking harm and hard is good. That one, I would say depends because after all is still a crushing element. Okay. 

All right. But if you use it for a body, a weightlifting, that one is a combo you can use because you're still torturing, right? Because you, you, you, you live with, so the heart is healed. And then the harm door is you, you actually torture yourself. 

So true torturing yourself, you become stronger because the heart is healing. The muscle will heal, become bigger, right? So you can use that for weightlifting. Okay. 

Mona, understand? Okay. So do you see achievement interesting? You can mix and match that way. Yeah. 

But for the harm and assistant is better in a way that both element is good. So there are no crash. Okay. 

Now, um, are you guys okay so far able to follow or you are okay with just three is equally powerful already. You want more type of work? Yes. Okay, good. 

Now the fourth one, this is also one of my favorite being a lazy person I am. So now there you go. Golden river of flow. 

Okay. Let's appreciate the scenery first. I know this is not an art class. 

So what do you see? The, the, is it the river here is, is fast gushing water or is sentimental moving water? Yeah, it's not a flowing about is flowing smoothly, curvy water, and it's flowing to you. Okay. So golden river basically means money. 

Okay. So now if we look at here, this formation, which I about to show you soon, this like wealth energy flowing like water, bringing opportunity to you with ease. Okay. 

Just like the curvy water, right? The wealth flows to you, bring you abundance and ease. So therefore it represent effortless flow. Okay. 

So attracting resource money and opportunity with less struggle. Do you like this? You spend one hour working, you make 10,000. Another person spend the whole day just to make 5,000.

That's why I'm telling you, this is my favorite. How come you are so lazy? You are lazy, you want to do something else, want to enjoy life, right? Life is not just working. Come on. 

Right. That one is a, that one is temporary, right? So we want to have time. That's what we call life, right? Able to experience different things. 

So therefore, we did this, for example, like if you are running an online business, you make money while you're sleeping, right? Guys, because if your customer is around the world, different time zone, while you're sleeping, you're dreaming, or you're enjoying watching Netflix, would it be cool? There's a notification pop up from your phone saying that new order coming in. Do you like that feeling? If you run online business, you're selling something online, you know what I'm talking about. And the moment you wake up, oh, another 20 orders coming in while I'm sleeping.

Okay. So that is effortless. Of course, before to get there, then you do something first, but we like things, we get things easier. 

Okay. You want to confess to someone, you don't want someone to say, no, definitely impossible to love you, you know, never, never in this lifetime and lifetime after also not possible. Or at least we want to answer like, okay, I'll think about it.

Easy, right? Or even better, that person proposed to you, not the other way around. Okay. So effortless. 

So in the Western world, we call this the law of attraction. You attract. Do we like to chase or we like to attract? Attract, of course, right? Because when you're chasing, you got hired. 

So therefore this is called the golden rule of law. So if you're at the type of person like me, you like something effortless, you want things flow to you smoothly, you want lighter, or you want opportunities to find you instead of you chasing them, you want momentum come to you. There you go. 

Okay. So now let me show you the dates first, to copy the date. Golden rule of law. 

Okay. This one is 27 Sep 2025. And the time is 11pm.

Okay. This one are shorter, only one hour, because we only can, because the red, they are early and late red. Okay. 

This one we're using the 11pm until 1.59pm only. Okay. The rest of the date, just now there are two hours, right? This one, the range only one hour. 

Pay attention to this. Okay. So remember the only one date to connect to this 27 September 2025.

Okay. Take a snapshot or screenshot, whatever, make sure you've got the date. All right. 

Cool. Okay. Five seconds here. 

Five, four, three, two, one. Okay. Good.

Once you have this, then let me show you the achievement chart. And even this goes without saying, if you know it's a river flowing, what is the best box to represent river flowing, something constantly moving? Of course water. And the only one box that water is in the bar. 

So water is the one. Okay. So, and you look at this chart here, you see rest door. 

Rest door means what guys? If you learn achievement, rest door represent retirement door, represent lazy, or represent easy, or sometimes do nothing, like what Shirley Loke say. And yet you still can get benefit. Okay. 

All right. So this is the one of the thing you want to actually look into this. So now the, when a rest door grass or so water, the grass also lazy one, you know, they always find the fastest way to do things.

Okay. So therefore they're also quite lazy, just like me. Okay. 

So this is the one, someone say that the time got typo. Okay. Let's revisit the slide again, where the typo is. 

Maybe you can correct it on the spot. Okay. So, okay. 

Which part of it got typo? Guys, can you, uh, enlighten me? Guys, guys, correct, right? Well, then you really need to manifest this one. This one, water. Water give you, Chinese say red time got two hours. 

Yes. They actually got two hours. Remember just I mentioned that early red and late red. 

And I also tell you, this is different. Normally it's two hours. This is one hour. 

Did I specifically mentioned that just now? Yeah. You must be not paying attention. Okay. 

Too much water in your chart. That's why you cannot focus. I specifically mentioned that because I know some people will tell me why one hours. 

I told them just now. Okay. Broad daylight, but yet some people not listening. 

Okay. Now are you guys clear or not? Okay. Guys, clear. 

Unanimous. Okay, cool. Now let's move back.

So now back to the grass and the rest door and why this rest door is super important because it's an envoy. Rest door is lazy. Envoy represent super lazy.

Sometimes it would be doubt the need to lift your finger. How about that? Yeah, 10x over lazy. I like that. 

And they tell me the grass is from a river because grass is an entrepreneur style because if you work for others, it's very hard for you to be super lazy, right? Entrepreneur, there's no way. There's no way to innovate, to automate so many things. So it gives you the entrepreneur mindset, the grass style. 

Even you're working right now, you think like entrepreneur. Very good. And of course, with chief, you know, it's good because it's easy because chief represent good luck. 

So do we like this or not? Okay. So easy, right? But it also must come with money, right? Easy, no money, also no use. You see roof on top.

Roof represent cash, right? You see bottom also cash. Top and bottom cash means strong cash flow. And do you know the color of earth element? Do you know the color of earth element? Of course, earth color. 

If you don't know, it's a safe answer, right? Earth represent brown color. We also can represent yellow. Okay. 

So don't you think this is the formation of the yellow river? Okay. Now you guys understand. And the north, is it part of the wealth portal box north? Yes.

So among the four, the dates, this is one of my favorite. If you miss out all the dates, don't miss out this. No one want hard life, remember that. 

Do you think people like to stuck in the traffic? They enjoy stuck in the traffic every day to work? No, they have no choice. Okay. So therefore, this gives you this. 

They are flexible. Yes. Strefano say there's a water hexagram. 

Yes, it form a water hexagram. Water hexagram represent flexible. They are not just follow the rules. 

I need to follow step one until step done. They say, no, the only one step. What is the step? Do nothing. 

Then everything will come. Okay. So like, I think some of your fans of Bruce Lee, I think he mentioned a one quote is like what? Be like water, my friend.

Have you heard about this? Because he say that a lot of people in a martial art, they're too focusing on techniques, fighting techniques. But to Bruce Lee, as long as I can beat the guy down, even with a simple punch, that is the best technique. Have you heard about that? That's what Bruce Lee say. 

Not I say. Bruce Lee say that. Yeah, he say that a lot of people, they keep focusing on this is a green dragon flying to the sky technique. 

They say no. As long as you beat the guy down with one punch, simple amateur look like a kid punch. As long as you beat the guy down, you are the best. 

So that is the water hexagram. If it's an earth, no, because earth, they cannot, they're not flexible. They follow what the boss tell them to do exactly step one until step done.

And earth is strong, normally they pay all the taxes. The good thing about them is like that, because they cannot, they only do exactly what being told. All right. 

Okay. Do you like this is this date? Cool. All right. 

Nice. Okay. How is it so far? Do you like all the dates here? Okay. 

One more to go. One more to go. Okay. 

Wow. So many love. Nice. 

Okay. Okay. One more time. 

Wow. So many. Good. 

Yeah. Maybe we can, we can, because when you're showing love means that you like the thing I prepared, right? Sometime when I prepare stuff, I also don't know whether you like it or not. I'm afraid it's too complicated to some of you, right? Since I see so many love, I think you like it, right? In what way? Even you're not liking, just pretend you like it. 

Okay. That's me. Okay. 

I'm a bit forceful that way. All right. Cool. 

So now I'm thinking, right? If I'm running a country, which in fact I did not, if I'm running a country, if I ever to have an election, I think the citizen, they can, they only got one candidate inside the paper. Only me. They are no competitor.

They have no choice. Even they don't like me, they need to select me only. That's it.

Okay. Yeah. So therefore if you don't understand, I treat it as yes. 

But so far I see a lot of yeses here that I think that is good. All right. Cool. 

So now the next one. Okay. The next one here is a more longer term. 

Let me show you this first. Let me show you the photos. Okay. 

The fifth one. Emperor's seal of prosperity. Okay. 

You know what a seal is? You know, if you're, if you're not, if you're not a Chinese, probably in the old days, the emperor's seal represent the mandate. Once your, once it's stamped, that is the law. Yeah. 

If you, now, now this is the bill that you sign. Okay. So therefore whatever written or whatever stamp on it become the law of the country. 

So is it important or not? Important. Okay. So it represent, because it's a seal represent authority, authority, they're able to stabilize something because law is to stabilize something. 

Right. So, but right now you're not running a country. There's nothing to stabilize the country. 

What are you stabilizing? Wealth. Okay. It's easy. 

I'm not saying easy. I would say it's not that hard to make money, but to sustain and growing it is hard. Make sense guys. 

Anyone can be lucky. They can make the first million, but to be able to make the next million and the next million consistently, that one is a hard, tough job. Okay. 

So therefore this seal here is able to actually so-called create generational wealth. I think nowadays people talking about this, right? I don't want to build wealth for this generation for the next one, or they want to take care of the whole family member and relatives. So this help you, your wealth to continue. 

So it become lasting. All right. You don't want to be one trick pony, right? Just only able to make it one time. 

Some of you say, what if you have no money? Okay. At least you able to sustain until your lifetime. All right. 

You can enjoy after retirement because a lot of people they are broke after they're retired. Yeah. Like in Malaysia, right? A lot of people think if I got 1 million after retired, I can live comfortably. 

Also depends how long we live, you know? Right. Most of the time it's not enough. So some of you say, what if I don't have family, then for you, extend it, or maybe family need not to be biological. 

It could be something you care about. It could be your community. You want to help social welfare, right? You want to build a charity foundation to extend your legacy. 

There are so many ways you can do it. Okay. The keyword here is stabilizing wealth. 

So it will last long term. Okay. All right. 

Cool. So this is not the for everyone, but I think it's super important because you know that all of us here, we're not able to work forever. When we're hitting a certain age, our energy will go lower. 

And then, yeah, sometimes we're forced to retire. Right. Yeah. 

So therefore, like me, so I cannot have the same energy to work like this forever. You know, when I was younger, one day I can do 13 consultations. One consultation lasts for one hour and I need not to eat lunch or dinner. 

I can go straight. Okay. But after that, I mean, are you crazy? If I do it now, I don't think I'm even able to go through half of it already. 

No energy. Very likely, I will slap the client. Not literally. 

Okay. Not literally. Okay.

So I think you also know, right? On certain age, you know that you cannot work on this. So you need a way, you need a system or a mindset or a strategy to grow it. Not only, you know, until you're 50 plus, only, oh, I realize how important it is. 

For example, investment. Yeah. This date here is part of that. 

Realize it, plan it well. So not a lot of people like this because most people, they do not think long-term. I agree a lot. 

They want money now. Oh, I want to make more money first. Yeah. 

But if you, if you make money now, you don't know how to grow it. You don't know how to put money aside for emergency fund, everything. In the end, you might feel burnout and in the end, you don't have money. 

I've seen that a lot of my clients. They're high flyers. They're corporate guy or girl. 

Yeah. They made a lot of money, but every month the expenses are super high. Yeah. 

They're only one month away from bankruptcy because they buy a big house, big cars, right? Yeah. So I wish that, you know, some people realize this early. Of course, I'm just one person. 

I cannot tell everyone. I don't have that power to do it. Yeah. 

But let's human do the job. All right. So if you're, if you already know this, you say, I wasn't, I know important of this. 

How about your family member you want to help? Okay. Share this gift with them. Now, the date. 

Let me share with you the date now. Okay. The Emperor's Seals of Prosperity. 

If you want to adopt the mindset, open up opportunities, then 29th, September 2025 is the date. Okay. This time with two hours and there's a typo day. 

Okay. So this one, I'm going to call it right now. Just give me a sec. 

Oh, I, I, I, I let you know, right, right now. This one. Can you guys take the photo again? Are you okay? It's a big hour. 

Okay. Just now, a typo. The first one is correct. 

9 PM to 10 59 PM. North. Okay. 

Take a screenshot or photo. Okay. Once you do this, let me, uh, let me show you the chart. 

Okay. So now you look at this box. Okay. 

First of all, if you learn Shiman, do you like this box a lot? Do you like this box? Yes. There's a light door of course is related. You have a ping and woo from a flying gate formation. 

Okay. All right. We have a light doorway color and then we have a ping woo. 

And then one, the reason I choose this box here, remember just now, the date just now is that MP, uh, the Emperor's Seal from the top. So if you learn, uh, Yijing, yeah, if you learn Yijing before they are one, uh, I would say, have you heard about one structure called Empyrean Force? How many of you here, you learn strategic execution before? There are what they are. They are nine forces. 

One of it is called an Empyrean Force. They are mortal force. And I mean, the fact, the name, you know, Empyrean Force is something powerful, right? Yeah. 

This one is you want the heaven to open favor to you. You need heaven approval, the seal we're talking about. So therefore to stabilize the wealth game, make things easy to go through. 

So it become lasting, so stabilize wealth. Okay. So to maintain success and even better grow to the next level and how the Empyrean Force being formed. 

Do you still remember the formula? Okay. If you see a pink fire on top, you see a wolf at below, which in fact, it's a conform. And, but not enough.

You must also see a live dog. Then it formed Empyrean Force. So in, in, in English, we call this because team is heaven, right? Empyrean Force. 

So this, uh, box conform to that. This is one of the most powerful structure because the ability to stabilize and gain wealth. And now do we need a destructor here? Destructor also Emperor, you know, because it's coming from the East, right? But the, this destructor here in the old days also represent police. 

Yeah. If you learn treatment, you look at destructor star, you represent military, represent police. So what are these people here for? To guard the wealth.

Not easy to be stolen away. Not easy to get scammed. Yeah. 

You check back. If you learn treatment, you check back. Then what is the meaning of destructor star? Okay. 

They are either a martial art or they are athletes. They are police, military officer, soldier, assassin, maybe. So if you couple with a black tortoise, maybe you make an assassin, but normally you don't.

So if this, if this, let's say this a police supposed to guard your wealth, do we need the wealth to be got to be long lasting? Yes. So we need the destructor star to be here. And then why we need a tiger? Tiger represent what? Strong aura, energy. 

Yeah. The moment you see them, you're already afraid. You don't want to find a security guard or police that look like a cat or Hello Kitty. 

Okay. Imagine, can you imagine a security guard or police? Yeah. They're full armor, but they look like Hello Kitty. 

It doesn't cut it, how can this cat protect the wealth? So you need the white tiger. When the white tiger come on destructor star, this is the commander general. You don't dare to steal their wealth. 

So that's what I call the imperial force. Let me show you again. The imperial force structure, pink sheet and light door, and with a very powerful police officer or army.

No one dare to come near. Okay. Just light. 

It's a demilitarized zone, like North Korea. Okay, cool. So I hope that explain the part clearly. 

Do you understand now how I derive this imperial force? Okay. So therefore, not all the time you use the imperial force, but when it come to something long-term powerful, you need that structure to do it. That part you learn from strategic execution. 

How many of you here attended strategic execution before? Okay. Some of you, right. So you come across imperial force. 

Yes. And now you know how we apply it. One of the way to apply this. 

If you haven't, it's fine. Now you learn something new. There's a structure called imperial force, but to create a structure is you need three things to comply three things. 

Remember just now, the pink fire must be at the top. The wolf must be at the bottom and also must have a light door to get it right. It's not easy to get. 

Okay. And the more importantly, even you get it, it must be four belong either West, Northwest or North box because we need to connect to the wealth portal. We don't just simply find the structure. 

Oh, that's one. It has to be right position. Okay. 

So now what you, the deeds that you know, yeah, is something that's super powerful. Yeah. I think painstakingly, I think a lot of time and also slide that. 

Remember I told you the comic date you had to choose all this. And yeah, now this all now return to you. Okay. 

I want, I'm nine. You can use it. Okay. 

Do you like the five days I told you just now, how much do you think this five days worth to you? Okay. Keep it. Yeah.

But don't worry if you pass to someone, the person will not be able to benefit it, except it's a family member. Okay. All right. 

Good. This is to respect all of you here, right? You make an investment for this, you get this. And then some people, they just take advantage of it. 

And then they make money off it by selling all this is actually illegal. Yeah. But I don't want to go after them. 

Of course, let the lawyer do it, but for my side, I can use treatment. Low-gum say extended family can, of course can. Okay. 

I was a compassionate person, right? Not just immediate family. You think too much. Okay. 

Friend, close friend is fine. Some people that use it for commercial reason, only that they don't have effect because I make it very clear. Okay. 

All right. Good. Now I teach you how to use it. 

Now you've got the date, you've got the, uh, the direction. So let's use the date number four. Once you know, know it, you can apply the, it's the same techniques you can apply to all of them.

Now let's talk about the one that our student favorites or all-time favorites, effortless wealth. So the golden rule of law. And now this first step, first step here, of course, you've, you need to look for the date, 27th of September. 

Okay. At this, within this timing, which mean only give you like one hour time. So now the North, the North means that during this date and this time you sit down, pardon me, my drawing is bad. 

So let's say this is your eye. So you back to the North. So technically you're facing South. 

Do you guys follow? Okay. Marina say cute drawing. Thank you. 

It could be improved better next time. So do you understand? So when you're facing South, you're backing to the North. So the direction I'm giving you on all the five dates is the direction to back, not face. 

Are you guys clear? Yeah. It's to back. So, so it's backing. 

So now the next question here is any sector in the house you need not to, you can sit anywhere in the house or your friend house, library, fitness center, as long you're on mother earth. If you ask me, can I do this in the moon? I don't know. I haven't tried yet. 

Okay. As long as you're on mother earth, you'll be working. All right. 

I know some of you say, but I'm the Southern or Northern hemisphere. It does not matter. You stick with this direction. 

You don't change on the plane. Okay. Wait until you landed, because if your plane changed course, you might face a different direction and then you screw up the whole thing. 

And then suddenly maybe you've got more armpit hair. That is, could be the side effect. Okay. 

All right. So I think some of you, right, you don't, you're not asking, but you try to ask some funny question, but don't worry. I am able to entertain them. 

Okay. All right. So cool. 

So do something that you can control the direction. Okay. Helen asks, are we looking for the money flying star when choosing sector? No, because the sector is not required. 

Yeah. The sector is not required guys. Only direction matters. 

Okay. So now, so far, first step, look for the date. And then you sit down back to the direction, like just now, the golden river of flow back to the North, right? So technically you're facing South. 

So once you sit down, what you need to do, you just sit there for one hour, do nothing. Nah, just joking. What you need to do is like this. 

Now, you know, this is river of flow, right? So what is the theme of this? I try to test your memory, whether you pay attention. What is the golden river of flow? What is the keyword? A track? Yes. Correct. 

Effortless? A flow? Correct. Yeah. This has to be something easy. 

You don't manifest. I'm going to work for 24 hours, non-sleep using this direction. Wrong frequency, the energy cannot understand you. 

Okay. You need to think like a lazy person first. How do I automate what I'm doing? Maybe your work here requires time process.

How can I simplify it? How can I work one day, but doing five days job? Okay. How can I make more money while I'm sleeping? Okay. Or how can I enjoy more when I'm relaxing? My question always like this. 

Yeah. For me, how can I watch Netflix at the same time still making money? Because I like, I like, I like movies. I like series. 

Okay. So for you, as long as within that, uh, the team, you use this because it's effortless, right? You don't want to manifest, give me more energy so I can work 24 seven. That one, you've got problem, not the direction of problem. 

Okay. That one, you need to back to your wisdom direction, fix that part first. Then you'll come back again. 

Okay. All right. I think you get idea. 

Then now a lot of people, they are concerned about mantra. They say, I will say, I need a mantra, but let me tell you the real thing here. Manifestation that does not require, that does not response to mantra.

Some people say, I was in, does the deity know Japanese? I, uh, Japan, Japanese language, because some of you are friends, right? Coming from France. So they, they, they know or not, they know how to understand what I need a lot. The, the energy does not response to the word you say, because sometimes I write mantra for someone. 

They say, I will say, it should be a comma here. You know, you forgot to put a footstop. Therefore, will the mantra still work or not? So now I'm telling you nothing to do with the words, the sentence or what language manifestation energy response with feeling. 

Okay. The feeling, the emotion, do you want it or not? So if you're one effortless is how you feel that time. If you, it's nothing, even you say nothing, but your wish, your field, your need, you want something, you already do your job guys. 

Okay. Because even you have the best word written out, like so poetic, like a game changer kind of thing. But if you don't feel it, the words means nothing.

Okay. For example, you say I want to make more money, but internally, you don't want it because you think making more money is bad. It's less spiritual. 

People might think that I'm greedy. It won't work. Okay. 

So is the feeling. So some people that they can invoke the feeling from photos. Some of them think I can say something. 

Some people might singing, whatever it is, because in the end, those are just vehicle to get you to arrive to certain emotion. Okay. For example, I was, I want to get rich, but I'm not inspired what to do.

Back to that direction. Watch a movie about someone from zero to riches or from wreck to riches. That's how people respond to visual, right? Watch some movie, but make sure your movie is, is not more than two hours, right? If you watch the movie, only the ending part is inspired.

You're using this only one hour or before you get inspired the date, the time already gone. So that you need to plan a little bit. If you're going to watch like a five hours movie, watch something short. 

Okay. So remember nothing to do with the mantra is how you feel. You guys understand, but let's say you say, I wasn't, I still want mantra. 

Then how? Don't worry. Do you know, chat GPT can come up with the best mantra in the world. You just say, write a mantra for me using the theme of golden river of flow. 

Of course they don't understand. Okay. So you don't do like that. 

All right. You say, write me a one chart that actually embodied the concept of effortless wealth. Okay. 

Simplifying and less hard work. Then you come with a mantra. Things just come to me. 

Opportunity come finding me. So I'm attracting, I'm not chasing. And once you do that, you press the send button.

You get a great affirmation of manifestation mantra. How many of you here already doing that? Yes. Right. 

You see? Yeah. They can write the best mantra for you. Also can customize based on whether you're fat, tall, slim, or whether you're vegetarian or not. 

They can do it. And you'd be surprised. It's very professionally done.

Better than I doing it. Because I don't have patience. You ask me to write a novel like mantra. 

Cannot. Okay. Because some people like mantra is free. 

You can further customize, you know, you tell them I'm impatient person, better don't too long. You know, I'm response more to certain words. Then they customize for you. 

You can tell them your day master as well. I'm serious. I'm not joking. 

Yeah. You can actually tell them your day master. They can customize a mantra based on you because you know, your day master, then they know your mind cannot stand still. 

They'll give you a quick one for you. How many of you here are Kwei Water? Yeah. So chat GPT know what kind of mantra suitable for you.

Because the moment Kwei Water do this mantra, their mind start to wonder what to eat later. Is it McDonald's? Should I add more cheese into there? Or should I take bath before I go out? You know, right? Kwei Water. So when your mantra just type in there, just add my day master according to my patsa is what it will simplify for you. 

Some people like something short. Some people like something long. It's fine. 

Nothing wrong with it. Just don't go overboard the time. Remember, there's always a time frame. 

Normally a manifestation, it could be as fast as one minute or less. For me, my manifestation is 30 seconds. Okay. 

It's nothing to do with the length. Okay. The energy universe and it doesn't recognize duration. 

There's no distance. Yeah. All things happen at the same time. 

So, but human define there's a past, present, future, right? For them, it's the same. So it does not mean you do one hour better than other people that do it in 30 seconds. Okay. 

It's the feeling. The feeling that you know you had it. Okay. 

Let's talk about to all the ladies here, right? I think 90% of you like handbags. Type the word yes if you like handbags. Even your guy also fine. 

Some guys also like handbags, right? So in the pursuit of buying a handbags, sometime you like the bags. You might spend hours searching for the right bags. Okay. 

So all of you here say yes and Lina too say no. So good. This one low maintenance.

Your husband will be very happy. Okay. So, but for the rest of you here, if you like handbags a lot, then you go for shopping. 

Okay. So of course, if your husband pay for it, he will have a very strong cardio exercise. Hopefully you don't pick the Amos or the limited edition kind of a bag.

So sometimes I have that. Yeah. So hopefully, right? You pay manifest using the guy, right? You say, make sure it's not doing back to the chief. 

All right. If you're back to the chief, your partner will buy the most expensive one. If you're going to buy for them. 

All right. So, but of course, if you love your wife, that's not matter. You buy for them. 

So for the girl who buy the bags, so then bags, you feel uncertain whether it's nice or not. You turn here, turn left, looking at the mirror, look at different angle, but some bags, the moment you put your hand on the shoulder, you know, is the bag you're looking for. You don't even ask the question, is it beautiful or not? The click. 

How many of you experienced that before? It's like this bag are created for you instantly. You say, I could have had this. Okay. 

That is the feeling I'm talking about. Yeah. So when you do manifestation, the more you do it, you know, the click, because a lot of people ask how long, how many times I should do it. 

Right. So don't, don't force yourself, just do it. But when you do it often, you know, sometimes it's done.

It's considered done. How many of you had that feeling before while you manifest? You know it. Okay. 

You don't think, you don't feel, you just know. Yeah. So take time. 

Some people are faster. Some people are take more time. It's fine. 

Nothing wrong with you. So just to tell you the journey of manifestation, yeah, just to be relaxed. Okay. 

So with the powerful date, if we give you this unfair advantage on this portal currently, and also for the next two years. Okay. All right. 

And how many of you here already start seeing wealth opportunity the moment September hit? Suddenly there are a surge of sales. Although I know now economy is bad, right? But this month specifically, you see, hey, people start buying again. Right. 

So some of you already connected, you start to see this, this, this, this month already. Okay. Connie Yap asked, may I ask stupid question? Okay. 

No problem. Okay. You can ask Connie Yap. 

Okay. I'm waiting. Five seconds.

Okay. How about the rest? Okay. Connie Yap asked, may I share this with my lovely bestie? Lovely and bestie. 

So you mean your bestie is lovely, is it? Of course can. No problem. Yeah, I can. 

No problem. Just share. Someone dear to you is fine. 

Yeah. I'm just talking about those people, you know, that do this for evil reason. Yeah. 

They buy it and then they share it with a hundred people, you know, and then, you know, there are some people out there is like that. Only for those. For your bestie or lovely, no problem.

Okay. Connie Yap. And that is not a stupid question. 

That is a question out of love. Okay. So it's good to be your friend, Connie Yap, because you think about others.

I wish blessing come to you double full. Okay. All right. 

So, okay. Now Helen asked, can we use this manifestation when selling and property to release equity? So you need to see the timing, you know, right? So if some of them are like early 5am in the morning, you cannot use that sell property. You cannot ask them to go out to meet you, right? So if you're talking about your problem selling the property, let's say, so you can take the golden rule of flow time, you know, you manifest first. 

So you don't manifest on specific client. You say from now onwards, you know, attract me with the right buyers, because when you have the right buyers, you do need to sell. Right. 

It happened automatically. So let me see Helen. All right. 

You use the golden rule of flow. Sometimes a lot of people think, Oh, I'm bad in selling. Sometimes it's not, it's just like, you're talking to the wrong person.

So therefore that will help you because attract, right? Yeah. I tell them, you can, you can, you need to feel it. And most importantly, you feel it. 

Okay. Cornelia asked, is it a good river, a good day to manifest finding apartment to rent? Of course. Right. 

You can attract the right people come to you. Yeah. It's something easy. 

Okay. Cornelia, the answer is yes. Okay. 

Racula asked, uh, we don't have to necessarily be in our home, right? We need not to, it could be anywhere. It even can be in open space. Okay. 

Yeah. So it's very flexible using Shiman. Okay. 

Anything. Okay. Luo Jiaqin, are the days are backing cheap during the hour or this? I don't know. 

Right. Some of them. Yes. 

Some of them don't. But the main reason is not because of the chief. I remember just like explain different dates, got different, uh, structure, right? That is the reason I choose the date. 

Not because of chief. The chief is like good to have. Stefano asked, emperor seal is the date to manifest long-term investment in stock. 

No trading. No, no, no. It's not like that. 

Stefano, you can use the emperor seal to manifest whether it's a day trading, like some of you are stock trader or long-term is fine. Both also fine because the emperor seal is what you do with the money after you make profit. Okay. 

You know, because this is a strategy to grow your money. Your money can come from trading or investment. You know, some of you are great trader, right? Yeah. 

So you're going to manifest what you're doing with this profit. Some people they trade until they lose money, right? You don't like that. All right. 

They make money. They stay in the market. Hopefully they need to make more and make more. 

There must be a cut off time. So the seal helped you to do that. There's a cut off there. 

Don't be greedy. You need to win long-term. You don't want to win a battle only to lose the war. 

You want to win consistently. Okay. That is the power of the emperor seal.

Okay. Joyce Chan say, can you use manifestation date, example, manifestation date to get scholarship? You can use the scholarship is a favor from others. So if you look at, although this one is related to wealth, if I need to be strict on this, I would say that you can manifest to find more money though you don't need a scholarship. 

Okay. So, but if you say, okay, but I need to force it. Which of these five dates can actually help you? I want you to pick the number one. 

Okay. Yeah. Why number one? Number one, remember is what? Great hit start.

I start new winning, right? You want favor, something you're starting new opportunities. So you use number one, the heaven gate of fortune. This is this to answer Joyce Chan question.

Okay. Joanne, are you okay? Joyce Chan, do you understand? Okay. So now, okay. 

Let's see. Cornelia Cara asks, is your personal breaker can be ignored? Whatever breaker you can ignore. All right. 

Don't worry about it. If you're worried, you cannot manifest. You keep worrying or there's a clash as a breaker, right? Then you know, your breaker thing come every six days, you know, sorry, every 12 days.

Do you have problems every 12 days? No, right. But people, they're worried. So I don't even care whether it's a year breaker day or what.

Okay. The worst thing manifestation will happen is you don't get result. You won't get worse.

Okay, guys. Yeah. This is very important question, right? A lot of people are afraid or is it a year breaker day or is it a clash or is it a harm day? Because you will get everything wrong. 

The worst thing, you don't get it. For example, you want extra 10,000. The worst, you don't get the extra 10,000. 

It does not mean the bank, your money in the bank will suddenly disappear. Guys, you understand this? So don't, because when you have fear in manifestation, you cannot get it. Because remember, manifestation is about feeling. 

I don't care how good your mantra is. If you're feeling fear, manifesting it is not going to work. Okay, cool. 

So now, then this is a, okay. Cherry Ng. I'm new to Qi Men. 

I'd like to better understand how to do manifestation. Feeling emotion is the most important. Do we use the same feel for the five days for the gold river? No, feeling is about when you want something, there's a feeling.

Okay. It's not you force yourself to feel it. If you force yourself to feel it means you don't want it. 

When you want something, that is the urge, the feeling. So you just need to make a wish or whatever. Okay. 

It's not the other way around. It's not to create the feeling to manifest. If you need to create a feeling, probably you don't want it. 

You don't have a need right now. Okay. So the feeling will come naturally when you want something. 

Lim Yen Yoke said, can we ask something for the five days? No, because the five days have different function. All right. This is not like all in one solution. 

You know, now your level here, all of you, your level is not beginner. It's not like back of the chief direction and suppose the chief to suppose to understand you, you know, very pity on the chief, you know, they need to understand what you think and you change your mind all the time. No.

So we need the date and time to be precise. So to answer a phone question, the answer is no. Depends what you want. 

If you want to work hard, you cannot use golden rule of law. Okay. Okay.

So you hope us, what is the best date to investment, the best profit. There are no such thing. Okay. 

So you hope no such thing. Good day. You invest good money. 

Come. This is people wish, wish list. Yeah. 

It's people wishly. I also wish like that. I also want those, the event, those days you give me, you think about this, right? I, uh, is I wouldn't blame anyone because the whole industry being conditioned that way. 

But imagine if a lot of people think good days can render invest, can make money, which means you have a superpower, can change the stocks of a company. Let's say today is a good day and you invest in Apple stock. Suddenly Apple stock increase just because you invest in a good day.

I want you to think about that. You're not that powerful. You know, if such theory is true, if I want the company share to go down, I just invest in that company in bad day. 

Then the company's stock will go down. Is it, is it making sense to you? All right. You're not that powerful. 

You think you can control Apple stock just because you invest on good day or bad day. No. Do you guys understand this? Yeah. 

But I'm lucky you asked this question because what people think as long as I choose a good day, uh, I can make money. So how do you make money? The share must go up, right? You think that powerful is it just because your day is a good day. Suddenly the share go up. 

Then you, you already beaten that because all company will ask you to buy share on good day because the company share will go up. You need not to learn Baze or Fengshui anymore. You know, but if you know how to do this, you let me know. 

So I also want to know. Okay. All right. 

But for now, there are no such thing. Okay. So how best we should use the date Phoenix fire for renewal, because Phoenix fire renewal is what is about, about tenacity, about resilient. 

So you can say, give me the staying power to go through, to turn crisis into opportunities, right? To turn pain into reward. You need not to follow exactly what I'm saying, but I want to understand the essence of it because next two years, right? Chaotic, a lot of uncertainty, right? Some, a lot of people, they're shy away. They're afraid, but you are different. 

You find opportunities along the chaos and you turn it into wealth opportunities. Okay. For example, a pandemic, everyone say that all business is bad, right? You have the Phoenix with you. 

You know that when pandemic people don't go out, they stay at home. So what they do, stay at home, they do nothing. So they will want to learn something, right? Do you realize that the 2020 until 2024, if you're into online education, you'll make the most money.

How many of you are doing online, you're offering online course that time during crisis where a lot of people worry, you make the most money. That is the Phoenix, fire of renewal. Okay. 

Yeah. You can manifest. Some of you say manifest to have smoother year. 

Smoother year, you don't use Phoenix. Okay. You cannot because Phoenix, which means that you go through obstacles, you become better. 

Yeah. That's the thing. You thrive. 

When everyone afraid, you thrive, you move forward. If you want easy more, you use the golden river of flow. That will be a better one. 

Okay. So now you know the difference, right? So you need to actually look at that. Don't worry. 

Some of you come in late. You can watch the replay of all this. Yeah. 

You can actually get back all the information. All right. Good.

So now this one, let me summarize this for you. Okay. I gave you five days. 

Some of you want a summary here. I'm going to tell you right now. So the first one haven't, haven't get fortune.

This one is about a new beginning, fresh opening, starting a job, starting a new business. You need support. So make, so which means it make your first win become easier. 

All right. When you have your first win, you're more confident, right? So this one is, is a divine support. Yeah. 

So which means that you're more luckier than you find the right people to help you. So that's the one. Second one, Dragon Awakened Award is discover what is inside you, the great part of you. 

Maybe you're good in speaking. You're a great entrepreneur. You're good in numbers. 

You're good in investing. Also discover hidden opportunities. You might not see it now, but once you use this, you start to see. 

Okay. The third one here is Phoenix of Renewal is about the resilience to benefit from chaotic situation. Yeah. 

Like what Warren Buffett said, right? Be fearful when people are greedy, be greedy when people are fearful. So something like that. The fourth one, everyone's favorite, easy attraction opportunities come to you without the need to leave a finger automate stuff, make things faster. 

Yeah. So that's the one. And fifth one is about how do you maintain and grow your money so you can create a legacy. 

You guys okay with this? Understand? I gave you the dates. So I will say, if you don't know which one to choose, do all the five dates. Okay. 

Just in case you might need it later, right? Yeah. Because if you miss the dates, you can't get it back. That's a problem. 

Yeah. So I would say everyone do all the five. Can you do that? Do all the five. 

So need not to think. If not, some of you, I know one, that's how you might put the achievement chart forecasting, which one is good for me. No need wasting time. 

Do everything because you might not need it now. You might need in the future. Okay, good. 

Keep it first in your pocket, right up into your sleeve, right? You still can put it up whenever you need it to. All right. Do you enjoy today's session? Do you found true value in today? Yeah. 

I take advantage of the lunar and solar eclipse with the window opening. So, and if you want to connect with me, I will say that half of you here are actually in my Telegram channel. You are in my Telegram channel, right? Okay. 

So there you go. This is the one, because I'm going to post something, a link in my Telegram shortly. I need your feedback, what you like about this program. 

Can you share with me there? So I can take this information. I can make Born for Wealth even better for all of you guys. Okay. 

How about that? So I'll say in five minutes time, I'm going to post a link where you can click to my Facebook. That's where you tell me what, which part you like about this program, or it could be aha moment. So, all right.

So I will, the team will post it shortly. I appreciate you taking some of your time to give your comments there. Okay. 

And some of you here, you might join in late. Don't worry. There'll be a replay. 

We'll email information to you. So you will get everything. You're not missing out.

Okay. So then the next meeting, you'll be born for wealth. Are you guys excited for Born for Wealth? All right. 

Good. Till then. All right. 

Stay positive, be the light. And remember to use all the five manifestation deeds. Force your family to do it with you. 

Benefit everyone. Okay. All right. 

So have a happy weekend. I'll see you in the Born for Wealth program. Till then, take care. 

Bye-bye. You shoot me down, but I'm unbound. I am dynamic.

You shoot me down, but I'm unbound. I am dynamic. So is nothing to lose, far away, far away.

Ricochet, you take your aim Far away, far away You shoot me down, but I won't fall I am lightning You shoot me down, but I won't fall Machine gun Firing at the ones who run Stone hard girls, but I proclaim You shoot me down, but I won't fall I am lightning
Good to see you guys again. Are you guys feeling good? Finally, finally we made it. I hope all of you are able to make it. 

Okay, all right, cool, cool. So, while I'm talking to you, I see a lot of comments floating around here. Good to see you guys again. 

And after for a few months, and now all the build-up lead to this moment. At the moment, I would say that, you know, destiny will be changed. Yeah, so this other moment is the time we're able to learn something that can make lasting impact. 

Okay, and thank you all of you guys actually joining this program here. First of all, I never thought that so many of you here actually enrolled to this program. So, I would like to actually taking a few seconds here and to just to express my appreciation. 

Okay, for all of you, I know all of you here come from different parts of the world and yet you made it here today. Some of you here are very early in the morning, some of you in the afternoon, evening, and some of you probably already late at night, right? But you made it here. Thank you for that. 

And in return for that appreciation, I actually got a lot of contents I'm going to share today. Yesterday, even yesterday, I add up more stuff inside. How about that? Okay, do you like more content? Okay, so I compress it and more and more, but not in a way like just for the sake of adding it up, but in a way that we have a sequence to it. 

So, because I understand that all of you here come from different background, different understanding. So, rest assured that you're able to benefit a lot from these two days of this Born for Wealth. And first of all, for some of you here, I should say, keep asking about the telegram link. 

Don't worry, later I'm going to show you again the link. How about that? Okay, so one more time later. So, try not to actually be worried if you don't get the telegram link, because even you access it later of today or tomorrow, you still got all the stuff we posted earlier. 

So, you're not losing out on anything. All right, can you guys are cool right now? Okay, stay relaxed, because one of the most important thing in learning metaphysics is about the ability to stay relaxed. Okay, calm down a little bit.

Okay, you're not losing out. So now, let me tell you first why this Born for Wealth program is created. It's created because I noticed that there are a lot of people that learn a lot of subjects before, be it a Pazer, Feng Shui, Qimen, but in the end, they got a little results. 

How many of you here are actually part of those? Probably you already spent like five years to 10 years, actually, and yeah, but you see limited results and you're wondering what's wrong with that, right? Okay, so and this is the question I asked myself as well, because I've been into this field for quite some time, and I created a lot of results for myself by wondering why some people cannot do it. It's not because you have bad luck, no. Okay, it's not because your lack of intelligence, no, because learning metaphysics is not that hard. 

Okay, furthermore, applying it even easy. But the only thing here I noticed that what made the difference between those who able to benefit compared to those who is not, is only one thing you might listen properly here, is because most people focus on the 80% of the thing and created 20% of the results, compared to some people that focus on the right thing, the 20%, and they get 80% of the results. Yeah, this is why I created this program. 

Okay, so all of you here might have a different, I would say, experience in Pazi or Feng Shui. You have certain connotation or I would say principles how Pazi should work or how Feng Shui should work, but can you help me put all those understandings into one ritual box first? Otherwise, when you interfere with your learning, you cannot benefit from this. Are you guys okay? All right, I want you guys to start fresh here, because the way I use Pazi or Feng Shui is very different. 

I'm not saying I always correct, but a bit radical to some people because they'll say, I would say, why you don't read the depth and emptiness? Why you don't read the clash? They become worried, right? Have you guys met someone that pinpoint all the clashes and all the ungrateful punishment or whatever in the chart? In the end, they cannot do anything. Okay, but when you choose to focus on the important thing, I need you to have this slight courage to exclude everything else and focus on one thing and therefore that one thing create results and that's how destiny is changed. Okay, so I'm going to teach you a lot of these 20% rules. 

What you're going to learn today is the system I use personally myself since 2017 and also this other technique, the exact technique that I help my clients to achieve their results, my VIP clients. Okay, so it's sort of like a comparison of all my learning experiences, failure as well, along the way we make mistakes, we correct it and finally, I'm able to give you this so-called proven solution to all of you here. Okay, now in order to benefit from this program, I want all of you here to get stuff ready. 

Some of you already have a telegram channel, now we'll share with you again one more time. Okay, there you go. So this is the telegram channel. 

I need you guys to scan so you can get access to certain slides that I deem is important, so we'll share with you, the team will share with you certain slides that is important you must have. Okay, and again, don't share this with other people. Yeah, this is for only born for wealth students. 

So these are the telegram. Okay, guys, okay, telegram. And also, I also assume that you know you need to prepare your barter chart, right? Do you actually receive the instructions from the email that we sent out? Your barter chart, your destiny achievement chart? Okay, some of you didn't have it. 

Oh my god. Okay, this is a Luhui Lin. Okay, so now Mike, do you have a barter chart or not? Alright, yeah, I'm sure that Carrie sent to you, right, the link to plot barter chart and all these things. 

Some of you didn't read the email clearly. You see so many yeses here. Okay, so need not to show all the links. 

The link I think is in the email. And let me show you back the qr code. Yeah, even you don't have right now, you know, just follow the qr code first. 

Okay, all right. Okay, some of you say cannot see it. Can you see it now? Type the word yes. 

Okay, good. Now, once you're ready, we are good to start here. So just need to relax and chill. 

And yeah, how do we actually organize this is here is every day we come, we actually follow a roadmap. Remember I told you, and how you're able to actually go through today and tomorrow, they are total of three chapters per day. So today we will go through three chapters.

And tomorrow, you're going to go through the remaining three chapters. So in order for you to actually get to know where you are, your bearing is so let me show you this is the topic I'm going to talk about today for chapter one, you see that chapter number one is about unlocking the the gates of heavenly wealth. Okay, do you like this thing here? So let me show you this is the chapter I'm talking about. 

Alright, so this chapter is the first chapter, why put it in the first chapter, because this is about clarity. I think despite there are so many methods out there so many things you should do. If you don't have clarity, yeah, you're just running everywhere, you're confused, you don't know what's happening, you're uncertain. 

So this chapter here is to help you to unlocking the gates. So you get one important thing, which is clarity. How many of you need clarity in life, in terms of your wealth path, right? What to do? Why can I attract more wealth, right? That is important. 

If you don't know this, you cannot make any decision, right? So we'll focus on that. And in order to actually understand this, so this is the first chapter. Okay, so now, and today we are just to let you know, even though I told you there are three chapters only, but I'll add another chapter in the end. 

It's sort of like a bonus, because there's a special presentation I want to share with you. How about that? Okay, something interesting. I've been eager to share with you, but I chose it today because I want all my students to get this first. 

So you can see today there will be three plus one subjects, all right? So they're what I'm going to deliver at the end of today. Now, so let's start the first chapter. Let me just bring on the slide here. 

Okay, so some of you here, you are new. Every time when we say Chinese metaphysics, if I like to actually give you in a nutshell, in the essence of whatever subject you're learning, be it Bazi, be it Feng Shui or Qi Men, whatever, everything points down to one thing. It's about the study of this energy. 

Okay? So when you learn metaphysics, basically we are learning about how energy works, because under the foundation of every subject inside here, then there will be a force that governs everything. Why things happen like that, why you behave like that, we can be able to explain it through the movement of energy. I think some of you have some bad days and also good days, right? Sometimes you don't know why you're frustrated, because the energy fluctuation and some of you suddenly you got promoted or suddenly you don't have a good vibe with your boss, you're wondering why. 

There could be some changes in terms of energy because we know that in life, nothing is permanent, isn't it? Everything's subjected to change. So our job here is to know it before it happens and so we can maneuver and redirect the energy. Yeah, that's the whole goal here. 

So in order to understand this, because we can see energy, right? It's not like we can wear a glass and see all kinds of energy. So to allow us to understand energy, we actually break it down into five elements. Okay? So guys, can you send this to the telegram first? I think this is very important. 

This is fundamental first. You need to have this, because if you don't have this, there are so many things you can do with the energy. Okay? I'm sure that, okay, let me check the telegram. 

Yes, you already have it. Okay? So now, some of you here, you might be wondering why there are fire, earth, metal, water and wood. Is it because of, is it a real fire? Let's say I lack of fire, I should wear a red color shirt or I should get sunburned or something. 

No. Okay? I want to know all these five elements, which is fire, earth, metal, water and wood. It's just a representation of the energy nature. 

Why we use fire? Why we use earth? Because it's easy to teach. Okay? I can use fire element as 1.11 mc plus mce, or also whatever technical or very scientific name, but people don't understand, right? So might as well we use something that all of us here, we understand, like fire, earth, metal, water and wood. So it's easier, guys. 

Are you guys okay with this? Otherwise, I see a lot of people, oh, my chart here, I got a lot of water. Therefore, I cannot go to swim. I cannot go to beach, right? Because I might get drawn.

Okay. So now, are you guys okay with this? Because a lot of people make money from you, because you believe those people. Like if you have a lot of earth element, you cannot invest in property, right? Otherwise you got bad luck. 

A lot of people ask me this. I also can't invest in property because according to certain such people, that if I invested on property, which represent earth element and yet I have a lot of earth, therefore it's unfavorable, therefore it's bad luck. I always tell them, right? If you're afraid of this, don't worry. 

Every time you buy a property, you just write under my name. I personally, I'm more than happy to do it. You get my point here, right? So people take it to, I don't know what level is that, that it becomes something no longer functional. 

Because metaphysics is to help us to function better. Yeah. Remember the word function, not fear. 

Also 2F, right? You want to be functional or you want to be fearful, guys? It's a choice. Yeah. In the end, this is especially important when you start learning metaphysics. 

Yeah. 2 also F, but which F would you choose? Yeah. That's the thing. 

So now, once you understand this, I want you to know one more part here is each element, they are 2 divided in or further divided into 2 elements, which means let's say you talk about fire, there will be yang fire, there will be yin fire, okay? Yeah, because they're yin and yang. So in total, it's made up of 10 elements. And you will see some of these elements in your part of the chart, isn't it? Right? You see fire, fire is not enough. 

We need to know whether it's yang fire or yin fire because this is due to the concept of duality, light and darkness, right? You cannot have darkness if you haven't seen a light before. You wouldn't know light if you haven't been in darkness, agree? So both of them actually exist complementing each other. And these 10 elements, by studying this, we understand how the world functions, how our destiny evolves due to all this fluctuation of these 5 elements. 

So now, once you know this thing here, I want you to know from these 5 elements, it expands to something like this. Once you know the 5 elements, right? When we look at period 9, it's also nothing more than a 5 element, isn't it? Period 9 is flood element, guys. You know it's fire, right? And period 9 basically describing we are going through the cycle of fire, also one of the 5 elements. 

And also, it tells you from 2024 until 2043, we are governed by fire element. Okay now, have you actually received certain advice by people? Oh, fire element, you should do more things related to fire, wear red colour shirt, you know, or colour your hair in red colour, buy a car painted in red, so many things, right? But it's nothing to do with that. Now, what we want to know here is what is the meaning of this fire energy. 

So therefore, since the fire represents volatility, everything changes a lot, and the starting point or the peak of the period 9 element, because fire destroys everything across their path, right? And anything that actually stand at them, they'll just burn everything down. So therefore, the period 9 is the very volatile period, and the peak or when you see when the real burning happening, it actually happens during this month, October 8 until 6th of November, this is the starting point. And now you know why I actually starting this class is here, right? Because this is the time that there are not a lot, because you see, in metaphysics world, all these are 5 elements engulfed by rules and principles. 

If there's a clash, then there'll be a changes, right? But certain time, they are bugged in the system, this sort of matrix in the system, where you can bend the rules, you know, you can escape destiny for a moment, if you want those moments, the month of October is one of those months. And that's why I decided to do it here. If you look at this, of course, this is not a dog, right? I don't know why, this looks like a fox to me, okay? But basically, it's a fire dog.

This fire dog here, it represents an image of a volcano, all right? So which means, these are the period, a lot of secret reveals, and people are temperamental, people are, there are a lot of emotion issues. Have you seen that a lot coming this month? Because imagine it's a volcano, volcano eruption, a lot of thing they've been thinking right now, or there have been certain buried emotion, and in the month of October, yeah, they cannot control it anymore, they burst out. Some of them, they do something they shouldn't do, they make the wrong decision, they say something they shouldn't say. 

So if you ask me for advice for 202, uh, 5 October, right? Remember one thing, right? So I think that if we chose to keep quiet, and that one will save you a lot of drama. Because a lot of thing here, because we said the wrong thing, right? We made wrong decision. So if you want to change your job, yeah, in the month of October, you want to know whether you're doing it, yeah, for long-term good, or you just want to change the way you feel at this moment. 

Let's say you hate your boss, you're not feeling good, right? By resigning, actually, you can remove the pain, temporarily. But what if you go to another company, is it the same person but different name? You need to report to someone similar, right? So therefore, this is the month. But the good thing here, this month, also a month, where, remember I told you there's a bug, there are less rules, so you can maneuver and you won't get caught, yeah, in this metaphysics universe, or the matrix. 

So therefore, if you're someone being, uh, feel that you are not in a good luck, how many of you, you feel that luck is not with you? You feel that you're wondering whether it's a feng shui is bad, or whether it's your path is bad, how many of you here actually feel that? You don't feel supported, you don't feel that they're the sign from the universe, okay? So we're going to discover that, because maybe it's not about your path, yeah, maybe it's you're not just aligned, yeah, what your destiny is supposed to be. So how do we stay aligned? How do we stay aligned to this, is going through this. We need to ensure that, you know, the heaven, earth, and man, because those five energies will exist in three realms, heaven, earth, and man. 

So certain problems can be addressed by the heaven realm, some of them addressed by the earth, and the man, okay? So when we learn metaphysics, first part, just now we understand about the five elements, that one is knowledge, is concept, but when we want to apply, I'm telling you, 95% of people, they're just studying the concept, and then they just remember those concepts, and then they feel, wow, I know so many things, but there are small group of people, they focus on application, and those are the people that make a lot of changes. So therefore, the three cosmic trinity is when we are ready to apply, then we can choose to apply on the heaven realm, or the earth realm, or the man realm, depends on what kind of problems you have, right? So let's say you say, okay, now just imagine first, I know you don't know what is a heaven realm is, just imagine this as a tree category. So let's say right now, you want to know about in the heaven realm, we most of the time use spazer, because we're talking about time, all right? Talking about alignment with spazer, some of you are interested in function, you're working on the energy on the earth realm, if you are working on relationship, men are between people, we're looking at the shaman realm, which is under the man realm, okay? So depends on which part you want to improve on. 

So in this program here, we're going to look into wealth aspect into three realms, so because each realm governs certain aspect of your wealth. Are you guys clear? So I'm going to choose one, I will do all three together. So let's start, which one you want to start first? Is it the heaven realm, which is the spazer, or the earth realm is the feng shui, or the relationship of this achievement? Okay, since all of you here say spazer, no choice, okay? So I have no choice but to obey to your request. 

But do you know what? I actually chapter one is for spazer, okay? So which means that you have this synchronization with the heaven timing, okay? How about if you like more alignment with the heaven realm, which means you'll be in the right place at the right time and doing the right thing, okay? Cool. So now, why most of you, as you see the chat, right? Most of you selected spazer, and you know why we use spazer first, the heaven timing part, because everything we want here is based on your desire, right? So everyone wants different things. So we need to look back at what the person wants. 

It's not what you think they want. Imagine that you keep buying flowers for your wife, but what your wife wants actually is cash. It's a problem, isn't it? So therefore, we look at spazer first, because all of you here are born with a certain gift. 

And the first thing we're going to talk about here is a lot of people asking is, am I destined to be rich? How many of you here want to know this? Okay, yeah, this is a question. This, in fact, is the question that I ask when I learn spazer, okay? So in order to answer that question, it's not that easy, right? Because when you say when, you are implying that somehow down the road you'll be wealthy. What if you will never be wealthy in this lifetime? Yeah, because when you ask when, it's a loaded question, right? Under an assumption that you'll make a lot of money. 

So therefore, we need to know first, right, which are the part here. Is it about something you're destined? So do you want to know? Okay, let me show you this. This is something you might find interesting, okay? There are two ways to become wealthy. 

One way here is you are born with it, okay? Not born for wealth, but you're born with wealth. So it's fate. Yeah, so fate means what's written in your spazer.

So therefore, I put the word acceptance here. You know why? Because they only give you yes or no, right? If you don't like the answer, you have no choice. You need to accept it, okay? But the other part here, if the answer is no, if you're not in the fate camp, you're under the destiny camp, you see spazer like a playground. 

You can push it, you can activate certain button, you can view it in different way. Therefore, you can do so many action, strategy or effort to help you to become rich, okay? But in the old days, most of us here, we focus on fate. If you don't have a lot of money, they'll say, okay, just accept it. 

Let's try next life, okay? Next life, you come back and ask me again, I've got to tell you, hopefully you'll get a part of the chart, okay? Now, since this is a class, I got to tell you both way as well. Can I actually show you from the fate part first? Are you born with love? You want to know this? That's interesting, right? There are two part here. So I teach you exactly the old days. 

If you ask a master, like in Cantonese, basically translated into English, you say, master, will I be rich eventually? Is it part of my destiny? And in order to do that, you're asking a fake question, right? Let me show you how to do this. All you need to do is get out your part of the chart. Part of the chart, please get it out. 

Okay, I'm going to talk about born with wealth first. Okay, I need to show you this slide first. Yeah, born with wealth, no choice, because just to appreciate the designer effort, yeah, this is about born with wealth. 

So we're talking about fate. All right, you see there's an egg there, right? And then they're born with certain privilege in their life. So now, listen carefully, take out your part of the chart. 

There are only two steps to identify it. So now, first of all, in your part of the chart, you look at the NATO aspect. This is your part. 

I want you to look at here first, the one that circle here. This is your, I would say, your day master. You sit here. 

Okay. So which means this is you. You are here. 

Yeah. If you're walking in a theme park, Disneyland theme park, when you're walking for one hour, you're feeling lost. You always look at the map, right? The map will show you where you are at that point of time.

So in Pazer, also the same, if you are lost, you don't know what's happening, which element you look first? Day. All right, under the day. So you see this is fire, right? Remember I told you there are five elements. 

So you belong to this fire element. And now this element here is represent who you are. Okay. 

So now, once you know this, let me tell you, there are two steps to identify you are rich or not, right? So first step here is you need to look at, let me just clear this. You need to look at this thing. Do you have DW or IW? You check your chart. 

Okay. So for example, if you look IW or DW, I look at the chart. Okay. 

I got one here. I got one here. Okay. 

This person have three. Okay. So basically this person got potential to be wealthier. 

Potential only, right? But it does not say it's fated. Then how do you know it's fated? Is second step here. Once you have either IW or DW, you're qualified for the first step. 

Okay. First step. How many of you here actually have this element in your chart? And you start to smile. 

Okay. You feel happy inside. Okay, cool. 

So now if you happy, let me share with you the second criteria. Second criteria to fulfill this bond with wealth is this. Your self element and wealth element has to be 80%. 

Okay. 80%. So let me show you how to check this. 

So I'm going to share a sample chart with you. Okay. I think you see a sample chart, right? So it's here. 

You look at the top first. Let's say you look at the top. You just scroll down, scroll until this part here. 

You see the wealth here. Okay. The self element is companion.

All right. So the wealth has to be 80% and the companion also has to be 80%. So how many of you got this? And which diagram to refer to? The beige color. 

This is the beige color diagram, not the purple color. Both has to be 80% or above. Now check again. 

How many of you have this? Your wealth is 80% and not all. All right. Your companion also 80% and above.

Okay. If you have it, type yes. If you don't have it, type no. 

Okay. All so, so, so, right? That's why it's not easy. You see here, maybe 1% or 5% have it and it's normal. 

That's why if you look at the whole population, only 5% are super wealthy. Isn't it? All right. So this is the old days when we read. 

If you don't have means what? No chance. Otherwise the solution, learn to accept it. Okay. 

Practice gratitude, meditate. Okay. Accept and be grateful what you have right now. 

You know, all this thing, this prep talk, all this thing here. So that's one part of it. Okay. 

So now both must be 80%. Okay. So therefore that is the first part.

And now I would say 90% of us here, we don't, we don't have this. Okay. So when we don't have this, then it says that we need to look at the destiny part. 

The destiny part is here. The playground. Right. 

So which means that we force it. Okay. Even we don't have the ingredient.

How many of you like to force stuff? You want to force the outcome. You want to make it, want to orchestrated it. That's where fun comes, right? Yeah. 

Because you have challenges, you go through certain things, and then finally you get the reward. Yeah. Imagine you want to, you want to, let's say you're interested with, imagine you're a guy, you're interested with a girl.

And the first time you ask her out, you say, yes, not only am I willing to go out with you, I'm ready to get married with you. Is it fun? No. Right. 

So the destiny part, the playground here is there's a strategy. They are competitor there, you know, fight with you to, to actually get the girl. All right. 

And then they have some objection from your potential mother-in-law and all this drama, and then you work hard, you become wealthy. So therefore this is the destiny part. Destiny means that you actually do a lot of stuff. 

I mean, why we feel happy in our achievement because we work hard. Right. So therefore, if you don't fated to be one, then you want to actually see your partner as a playground. 

So I know most of us here, we see partner is a fate, fated thing, right? How many of you are actually guilty of doing this? Right. I see the chart. Oh my God, that's a clash. 

Then I'll be a bad year. Automatically we think like that, right? If you think it's a playground, say we have fun, right? Let's try another method. Right. 

So let's try another angle of doing this. So sometime by the fact that you change the way you see your partner, your life already changed. I'm sure that a lot of you here, you also have friends that learn partner and you notice some of them, they are really fearful, right? It's like the whole world is collapsing. 

How many of you have friends like this? Not you, of course, not you, right? Otherwise you won't join this program. I'm seeing your friends. Okay. 

You see that a lot, right? Oh, good emptiness. Okay. That's a six pillar. 

That's a clash. Oh my God. Right. 

So therefore they are fearful, but no, no, you're not, right? You're functional. So therefore this, the whole Born for Wealth program, we are talking about the playground. Okay. 

All right. So in later on, I share with you certain techniques, you see, I will say that this element, then how? Nevermind, because there's so many stuff you can play with. Okay. 

All right. Cool. So now the first thing, when we talk about unlocking the heavenly gates is, it's about one thing to get clarity as a big picture, how money come to you.

I know a lot of people teaching this, right? Because a lot of time people are, when you learn from school, they ask you who you want to be occupation engineer or doctor, accountant, whatever it is. Right. So therefore, if you follow that path, maybe you can survive, you'll be able to live it. 

All right. But I rarely read that people will teach about the end of mind or the end goal first. In the end. 

Yeah. How do you make your life easy, enjoyable? Yeah. Where you can do whatever you want. 

You have total freedom. So in order to understand that, Patsa can help you to give you a glimpse of if you were, just imagine if you will become a millionaire, what likely the possibility you become one. Don't you think this is interesting? What are the possibility? Yeah. 

I'm not, I'm not saying what you should study. How the money come to you in the biggest amount. Would you like to know that? So, okay. 

Type the word. Yes. You want to know this. 

Okay, cool. So therefore, this brings us to this subject about the five heavenly wealth path. This is something so important because the whole thing here is not talking about your job.

It's talking about how rich people think. All right. Let me tell you, this is what, this is the reality. 

All right. The poor focus on income. The wealthy person focus on net worth.

Okay. When we learn that, then we focus on income. I'm not saying poor is bad people.

They can be kind. They can be happy people. Right. 

So, but the thing here is, if you want to go to the extra mile, it won't help you to do it because the wealth focus on how do I grow my net worth. So, by the way, do you know how much your net worth is about? Do you know that? Do you calculate? Basically, it's all your assets minus all your liabilities. Right. 

So, in a nutshell, it's something like this. It's not that hard. Okay. 

So now, remember I told you, did I ask you what to do? No. Right. I asked you to learn any skill that helped you to grow your net worth.

And in parts, the net worth located here. All right. So, do you see? This is where they are.

You look at your chart right now. This portion that I highlighted is your net worth information. It's so important. 

Although we keep focusing on all direct wealth or indirect wealth, it's just a tool that increases your net worth. So, in the end, this information here will show you if you were to be super rich, what is the easiest path that aligned your destiny to get it. You might not choose to exercise this. 

It's fine. But it's good to know. Right. 

I think most of you here, you won't be here unless you want to increase your wealth capacity. Isn't it? So, therefore, remember whatever information written on your net worth box. Now, take 10 seconds, look at it, and you will see that, you know, there are three elements. 

Some of you have one, some of you have two, some of you have three. Don't worry. More does not mean you are better.

Okay. It just means that there are more things for you to handle. It's more tiring.

How many of you have one only? Yes. You have one. Okay. 

Cool. One thing, right? Easy. Okay. 

Focus on one thing. Yeah. You have three. 

It's as if like you have three wives to manage. One is more than enough. Now you've got three. 

Okay. So, but it's fine. All right. 

But because why? Because I'm only interested on the center. Okay. Why not the rest? Because I'm looking at 20%, 80 to 20% group. 

Which one make the most impact? Which one is the fastest? It's the center. I don't care whether you have one, two, or three. Look at the center element. 

It could be RW for this case here. And some of you here are DWI, WIR, EGE, 7KDO. It's fine. 

Type in the chat box. This is so important because this is your net worth element. Okay. 

Good. All right. Cool. 

Everyone should have one, right? Just like wife, right? You should have one wife. You should have one husband. So, look at one. 

Now I'm going to share with you the first one first. Okay. The first path to heavenly wealth, one of the path to become super wealthy is by ownership.

Okay. By ownership. So, which means that you become rich by buying and hold something. 

You own it a hundred percent. Okay. Cool. 

So, now I want you to look at your own net worth element. How many of you here belong to DW or IW? Type the word. Yes. 

Either one. You don't have both. Okay. 

Because you only have one. I asked you to choose one, right? Okay. So, which means if you want to know in the far future, your wealth actually, if you want to be, because it's not the job you do. 

It is how you think your mindset is. You say that you become wealthy, your alternate universe, maybe you're a super millionaire and very likely you become super rich because you own something. It could be property. 

Yeah. It could be a system. It could be a digital product.

How about a recurring subscription business where people pay you monthly? You own it. You own the system. Or how about intellectual property? Okay. 

So, which means your assets start compounding in whether you're asleep, you're traveling, you know, and all this thing. So, when you have this, the question to ask is, you know, it's not about how do I make the first $10,000. Now, if you want to become wealthy, the person of this category, they'll ask how, what can I own to generate $10,000 first? Okay. 

Always about what can I own to create this? What can I buy to create this? So, again, I'm not saying that you should quit your job. The freedom doesn't come from quitting a job. A lot of people think as I quit my job, I'm free, right? No, you become more busier if you run your own business. 

Okay. So, it's not about quitting a job. It's about building something that no one can take away from you. 

Because when you own something, you have ownership, do you need to ask permission from anyone? No. You control it. That's why IW and DW is a controlling element here. 

So, therefore, because you're no longer seeking for permission, you own it, you can change anything. So, in parts of element, these two DW and IW, you say that the ability to govern and sustain something, the power to hold something. Okay. 

So, therefore, when you build something, the universe will trusting you with more to build your own. Okay. Now, all the IW or DW, you know where is your path to build your network? It's about buying.

What can I buy? What can I own? You own something, right? For example, like a lot of people always tell me, right? Buy something that people willing to pay to use it. For example, like Warren Buffett, right? You know, and his company, right? It's an embodiment of the long-term ownership. They buy all these equities and location. 

How about Apple company? Apple company also about that they own everything, right? You think they own the phone? No. You think they own just the phone? They own the phone, they own the software, they own the whole ecosystem, like the Apple Watch, iPad, they own the whole value chain. You know, even the business value chain they own, and when they do total ownership, they can do whatever they want. 

They need not to depend on someone. They need not to depend on supplier or whoever it is. So, therefore, the independent. 

So, if you look at all the property module is because they own a lot of assets. How about Tesla? All right, Tesla, they own technology. You think Tesla just selling cars? No. 

They also make money from their battery patents, right? Yeah, their IP intellectual property, and also intellectual, also this technology patents. So, and their manufacturing plants. Yeah, so many things. 

Every time you want to use that patent to create battery, you need to pay Tesla. Okay? So, therefore, I want to remember this ownership of wealth is quiet. Not a lot of people know, but it grows while others still trading time for money. 

Yeah, yeah, that is, you own stuff. You have total control. All right, cool. 

All right, now you understand this. Now, again, I don't want you to think, what should I do now? No. I want you to internalize this in your mindset first. 

Are you guys okay? I know a lot of us here, when we learn, oh, I wasn't much, I don't know. Here is about how you think first. And do you think, or will you agree with me when I say that if you know this piece of information, when you're, during your teenage year, your life will be very different by now, by just this awareness or knowing. 

Okay? All right, cool. And most people talking about what, what to do? Wait, can you check my chart? What is my talent list? Or should I do that? That one low level. Okay. 

You guys here are here. You think ahead. Because you don't, you need to be ready. 

A lot of people, they don't think about this. They say, when I'm making money, only I think about all this thing, right? Too late. When you make money, what you do? You spend. 

Or the next, the next cool car is happening. Sport car. I want to buy a house and everything. 

And then you went to pin yourself. So many things. No, you want to start with end of mind first. 

Now, you know that DW and IW, I want to do this. If you guys have children, let them know as well. Train them to think like that. 

What can I own? What can I buy? If I cannot do something, I own that, or a company, they're able to do it for me. Owning, ownership, ownership. When you actually constantly instill this in your children mind, you're helping them to build an unstoppable future. 

Okay. Cool. All right. 

So now second one, you can look at your children chart as well. The same formula apply. That's why I say born for them, not only for you. 

All right. For your family. So the second one here is this. 

If you have EG or HO in that Macworld palace, on that Macworld palace, your way to build immense wealth come from this word, creation. Okay. All right. 

So when I mentioned creation, yeah, creation, you see it in the old world, people, wealth coming from hard work, right? And all these things, but in digital age, wealth coming from ideas. Okay. Creation as the name imply. 

Right. So which means your wealth coming from your ability to solve problems. Okay. 

And because you can solve the problem, you're creating a new way, a new formula, a new products or new services. That's how you become valuable. And when you're able to solve problems, money, recognition, opportunities will follow naturally. 

So you look back on your own life, a lot of time, the reason opportunities come to you or wealth opportunities to be specific here is because you're able to solve someone's problem. You improve someone's life. That is the answer to your wealth code. 

Okay. Because you, you don't create stuff for applause. You create because the world become better because of you, because you did something, you reinvent something. 

So, which means your creative output become your energetic signature. Yeah. This is the one here. 

So now I want you to know this, right? The, when you produce consistent value, people start to notice you and follow you. So now tell me, who do you know that actually they become wealthy because they think different. Yeah. 

They just see things. They might be weird. Some of you might be weird a bit, but they are genius. 

Okay. So you say Steve Jobs. Yes, he is. 

Even he's a previously the campaign of Apple is, he says things different. Right. He also say that, you know the crazy one will change the world, right? These are the group of people that are not happy with status quo. 

They keep banging the wall, try new things, new boundaries. Sometime they can be a bit rebel. Yeah. 

But they changed the world. They make impact. So like Disney, Pixar, YouTubers, you know, nowadays, YouTubers have to be creative.

The new style that educators, you know, educators right now are part of this creation. If how many of you are teacher or your digital creators that you need to reinvent syllabus content to help people in this era, in the AI era, because old information might not work anymore. How many of you are under that group? All right. 

You let, you allow everyone else to see a new version of themselves or way to becoming better and abolish the old. Yeah. That's what Steve Jobs last time. 

Okay. Things could be different. So therefore, if you are part of this, you, this is your easiest way to become wealthy. 

Okay. How many of you here belong to this? Wow. Okay, cool. 

All right. Yeah. This is the powerful one, especially in period nine.

Yeah. Especially your digital creators, you know, nowadays they make a lot of money. So if you don't know where to start, start as becoming a digital creator first. 

Okay. Next one. If you have DR or IR, type the word me. 

If you have DR or IR. Cool. If you have DR or IR, the keyword for you here is leverage. 

Yeah. Because DR and IR itself is a resource element and resource element in the old days, the moment they see a resource element, they'll say, wow, this person is so lazy. Okay. 

They'll tell you something like that because resources, you're not supposed to do anything. Therefore, the word leverage means that, you know, your, you, you know, that your hours are limited, right? Why you work so hard, right? Why not? We leverage on what people have and then you multiply it. Is it cool to think that way? All right. 

Yeah. It's about leverage. So when, which means leverage means other people time, you leverage on other people, idea, other people, knowledge, other people platform, for example. 

So which means that if you are part of this IR or DR, it's a heaven reminder that you are not meant to do everything alone. Now, if you have DR or IR, how many of you here, you still do things alone. Everything has to depend on myself. 

I work hard. I, now, you see some of you here, right? Yeah. Now, you know, all the major challenges coming from, you're not supposed to. 

All right. The moment you know that there are a lot of things out there, you can tap into, you can leverage. My last time, when I, I actually start my own thing, my own business, I need not to rent my office. 

I just talk to some friends and have an empty office. I just work there, you know? Yeah. So, and it's okay. 

All right. So this is, this is the thing here. And now the, the thing is like this, when, for example, like automation, yeah, nowadays, everything, you need to do it, right? Like AI nowadays have automation.

The shift, you need to shift your mindset from, I do it all, to into, I don't care, as long as it gets done. Okay. Then you are adopting or you're getting nearer to your wealth path. 

So now, for example, like, leverage means that you understand about the timing, about other people. For example, like if someone invite you to a podcast and that this person got like a hundred thousand followers, would you go? Even they don't pay you. They just want to have a conversation with you, a one hour podcast. 

Would you go? Okay. Of course. Why? Because now you are tapping into what? This person followers. 

All right. They've got 100,000 is pretty good. Right? So therefore there's a leverage. 

Okay. So therefore this is the thing you need to remember. The thing here is when you have leverage, you build empires, which in fact, a lot of wealthy people, yeah, that this ability to leverage is very common. 

Okay. So the thing is like this, stop chasing for results, start designing system that make results inevitable. You need to do it alone. 

So now let me, let me share some examples here. All right. You need to think big first.

All right. So think about Uber. Is Uber is a leverage business, right? They don't own cars.

Do Uber own car? No. They're leveraged on drivers and technology of a smartphone or software without owning a car. How about Airbnb? Right. 

They don't eat. They don't even own one single building, but they can actually leverage on homeowners and have a system. And therefore they can do all this hotel related business. 

So there are so many things they can do by not doing them themselves. They don't need to wait until the thing, everything be built. They use existing talent, existing resources. 

Yeah. That is the one. Because remember, if you have IR or DR, these two is lazy stuff. 

Okay. So it's okay to tell yourself you are lazy person because you always figure out a better way of doing something because you need not to get it, you need not to rely on yourself. Right. 

As long as get done is okay. But if you're talking about the earlier one, the ownership, ownership is different. Remember the IW and DW? They has to own it. 

I need to done it myself, but leverage saying no. Okay. I'm fine. 

I got more time to enjoy. And if you, if you realize if your IR and DR, you, you like, you appreciate have quality time to enjoy your life. Right. 

Either IR or DR is the same. Yeah. That's why, that's why you're okay. 

Cool. Now this next one here, let me show you the next one. Okay. 

This is the one, the fourth path to heavenly wealth is branding. If F stands for friend or RW stand for this rock wealth, then this is the one that represent the branding path. Okay, cool. 

So now F or RW, either one will do. So how come have you heard about attention is the new currency? Have you heard about this in period nine? They say attention a new currency, right? Do you agree with that? Yes. Okay. 

All right, cool. So it's not totally correct because attention without trust is not a currency, right? We can do a lot of stupid things, funny things online just to get view and attention, but does not mean you're wealthy. Have you have some friends that got like million views that show you that they have million views on their videos, but yet they're still poorer than you. 

Okay. So when people say branding attention, a new currency, you say that the attention must come with trust. Because in this noisy world of period nine, now wealth does not go to the most talented one.

Or check my pattern chart, which one is my talent? No, it goes to the most trusted one. Okay. And the trust begins when you walk your talk, when your presence become your promise.

Okay. So in business, we call this reputation. That's where your money coming from. 

So make sure you take care of your reputation. When people trust your voice, they trust you before they buy your products. Okay. 

Yeah. They buy, not the products they buy because how you make them feel. Okay. 

So now if you're thinking about brand, right? Brand is about how people feel about you before you start to say anything. That is brand. Okay. 

All right. So this is the one, and some of you keep asking about, can I show the screen again? And some of you miss it. Don't worry.

Later, I give you a slide with all the summary. How about that guys? Because some of you coming a little bit late just now, right? Okay. So later I promise you, I give you everything I said just now in a digestible way. 

How about that? Okay, cool. Don't worry. I know how I've been teaching this so many years. 

I know what you need and I can help you. Okay. Just have some trust here.

Remember branding. Okay. Then, and I will walk my talk later. 

Okay. I want to relax listening. Otherwise you'll forget because you keep thinking about the last slide that I didn't able to copy or something. 

Okay. Don't worry. And anyway, you got to replay. 

I can always watch it. So now this brand here, I would say, if you have this, let me show you some of this example here, because I want to know this. If you're belong to this branding path, you remember this word. 

I'm does not compete with darkness. Yeah. Remember the brightest light does not compete with darkness.

It transform it. Yeah. If you have this, you earn the essence. 

Okay. All right. So for example, like, you know, like Coca-Cola, the sales. 

Okay. All right. So for example, like, you know, like Coca-Cola, the sales emotion, right? Remember how the tagline open happiness. 

How about Nike that turn motivation into billion dollar business by using the word, just do it. It's a brand. How about a persona? You think about like Oprah Winfrey, right? It's a trust. 

It's a brand itself. And that brand alone make a lot of money. Okay. 

So just remember that a strong a brand does not need to speak louder. Just simply stand longer. Stand longer means what you'll be consistent with who you are. 

Okay. Do it. That is the power of branding. 

Okay. So take care of your reputation. So the next one here, I'm going to show you is the the fifth one. 

There you go. If you belong to a D O or seven killing these two here. So which means that either, you know, D O D O or seven K in your network path.

Then this one here say that, you know, it's like this scaling. What do I mean? Scaling is scaling happens when your message, your product, or your service begins to move others because you are no longer a brand. Like just now you creating a movement.

Okay. You turn your customer. A lot of people say this, right? I want to turn my customer.

It's not enough. I want to turn my customer become my client. Yeah. 

Client always better than customer. Right. But now they say no enough. 

You want to turn your client into a fence. And then now these people say, even fence is not enough. It must to be raving fence and scaling means another level. 

Raving fence is not enough. I want them to become my army. What an army do guys, they'll fight for you. 

They defend you. They're going to crush your competitor. Yeah. 

If you're in the entertainment industry, if you are, you're actually like the, one of the Korean group called BTS. Have you heard about this? Yeah. Nowadays they become uncle. 

Nowadays they used to be super young. Yeah. But do you heard about the word army in BTS? They are this group of super fans. 

Now they turn become an army. So when you are scaling something, it's not like you're doing less. Just now the indirect resource and direct resource under leveraged group that they do less, right? Which in fact scaling means you do more. 

You helping others to become better. You have others to do more because you created a system, a framework that empowers people to grow and shine. So which means that your energy multiplies. 

So you are the highest. Now when other rise with you. Yeah. 

So you even rise higher like that. So therefore your impact is timeless. You creating a living legacy. 

Have you heard about living legacy before? Your idea of Sister of Bread continue to evolve without your direct involvement. Have you heard about this? Right. So for example, like McDonald's, it's a system, it's a framework. 

It continue to scale, right? Identical experience globally. That's what McDonald's do, right? Starbucks. Yeah. 

In the heydays, old days, you think they're skilled the coffee? No. They're skilled at what? The culture. Yeah. 

The culture of, you know, having a place where people can sit down, relax and drink coffee. Yeah. They're skilled. 

Have you heard about Tony Robbins? Yeah. Tony Robbins is also the same, right? You think he's a success coach, right? But you know that he replicate his personal transformation through coaches, franchise and all of this? Scaling. Okay. 

They make people better and continue the legacy. Okay. The, just how the leverage is different. 

Leverage just means other people do things for me. I just relax. I collect my money, but scaling, no. 

Scaling that they want to create something timeless long-term. And because when they think like that, they're opening the gate of heaven. Then opportunities keep coming to them.

Okay. All right. So now don't worry. 

So later I'm going to give you this, this, let me, let me bring up. Okay. Do you want this a lot? Easy now? Instead of actually doing a copy each of the slide, this one tells it all already. 

Summary for you. And the team somehow will send to you. Am I right? Yeah.

Okay. Cool. Nice. 

Do you, do you got it already? Yeah, you are now, now, uh, later on, uh, you can listen back to replay. So at least right now, you know, you're heavily buffers before even deciding your career, what to do, because without this, even you make 10,000, you spend the 10,000, you will make 100,000 sooner or later. You, you actually are spending it all. 

Right. So unless we have this, that will go. And again, I'm not saying this easy, but it's a path worth pursuing because out of five path. 

Now, you know, your path, this gives you a lot of advantage, right? So this is the, um, the part here. Cool. Okay. 

So do you like this piece of information? Do you see, think this is useful for you? Okay. Now, cool. So can I bring it to next level or not? Next level, always the next level. 

Remember that I, I say that nowadays in period nine, things move very fast. Yeah. Things move very fast. 

And imagine this, right? If you're in the ownership category, how many of you here in the ownership category? Type the word. Yes. The first one, either a DW or IW. 

Yeah. Is it mean if you are 15 years old right now, just imagine you're 15 years old and you get to know about this, you're going to just do ownership until you're old. Does it make sense at all? You just remember ownership.

Why? Because I wasn't saying ownership. I just own, own, own. In the old days, it would be very useful, but in period nine, the world changed so fast, right? So we need, I want to bring you to another concept called the speed of wealth.

The speed of wealth say that, you know, it went, just now I show who is from the Pata chart. Pata chart is slow. How many of you like things to be faster? Type the word. 

Yes. If you're wanting to be faster, then instead of looking at the NATO chart, you look at the luck pillars. The speed will be average, faster than NATO. 

You know, where's the luck pillar? Luck pillar is here. Let me show you a luck pillar. Let's say this is your chart and your, let's say your, remember, first of all, just now I taught this one, right? You look at RW, it represent branding, right? This is a whole life one, you know. 

But you want something faster, you look at the luck pillar. When I say luck pillar is here, right? So look at the bottom. This is F. What does it say? F is what? Under what? Brand.

So, which means within this 10 years, this person also can do the branding part. Is it useful? Yes. But some people, they're impatient. 

The world moves so fast, especially in period nine. Then what are even faster? Let me show you this. From slow to average, if you want fast, we look at the annual pillar. 

Every year there's a element, right? For example, like this year, what year is this? Snake. Is it a year of snake? Yes. It's a wood snake, right? So we look at that year to guide us what we should do this year. 

Okay. So let me give you some example here, like this. This year is a year of wood snake. 

Okay. Let's say you, how do you able to locate this piece of information? It's through your pattern chart. So if you look at your pattern chart, you just scroll down. 

Let me bring this forward here. Okay. You scroll down here. 

Do you see this? This is 2025, right? So you come to here and you look at this. What is this called? 7K. So for this person, if you want a fast pathway, instead of looking at the natal chart or the luck pillar, I invite you to look at the element of the year. 

So all of you here is different. You look at your own chart, you look at the year, only the top element. This one is different. 

For the year, you look at the top element only. Because at the bottom, it's too slow. Once you do it, it already passed already the whole year. 

Okay. We always look at the top. Top is the fastest result. 

So for this person in 7K, what would you advise him to look into or focus on? 7K belong to which group? Scaling. Right. Okay. 

So let's do another one here. Okay. For this, another chart, I scroll down again.

Okay. Now, if this person come to you and say, Hey, now you learn BOM from Wealth from Iverson, tell me, what are the heavenly path I should focus on this year? What would you do? You look at the year first, because year is the fastest. And then now you look at here, rock wealth. 

Check your notes again. Branding. Okay. 

Do this. I show the old way. Always people just look at the natal chart. 

Only whole life follow this. But in the current world, it's different. Just like me, last time I was a programmer. 

Right now I'm what? I'm a teacher, educator, right? We evolved. So if you have no idea what to do that year, then by looking at the year, don't you think it's more practical and you gain different experience from different part. You'll not just own something.

You learn about branding and all these things here. Okay. First of all, do you understand what I'm talking about? Yeah. 

Using the year, every year will be different. So you know exactly the guide of the heavenly path. Why this is useful? Because period nine things move so fast.

Okay. Now I saw some of you here asking, Hey, I was saying what scaling means. Okay.

I'm not, uh, I'm not someone doing big stuff like, uh, all this, uh, big company, uh, like McDonald's and everything. What can I do? How many of you need some guidance here? You need some guidance? Type the word. Yes. 

Now you know the concept. Now I can give you the guidance. Okay. 

All right. Let me show you this. I told you exactly what to do. 

How about this? Because I know you ask this question. That's why I asked the team to prepare this. So can, uh, guys, can you send this to them as well? So you need not to think. 

I know all of you here are not running a business, right? You say, okay, on my own world, what can I do? So you, if you are a coach right now, you also can give value to your clients, isn't it? All right. Have you got this document in your telegram? Type the word. Yes. 

You got it. So I can continue. Okay. 

I wouldn't read out this for you. All right. This wasting time. 

I already give you more information. This one, you know how to read it yourself. Type the word. 

Yes. If you understand how to use this piece of information. Okay. 

Good. All right. So now complete, right? Happy now. 

Okay. Now more important, more importantly is, have you heard about a word or sentence? People say most people, they know what to do, but they don't do what they know. Have you heard about this? Or maybe you also guilty about this. 

A lot of people give a good speech, a very inspiring speech, right? But when it comes to themselves, they won't do it. So now, you know, the mindset part about the five paths, you know, exactly what to do, what to focus on, on every year. Yeah. 

Right now, basically you can actually plot 2026 and look at what you should focus on. Is it an ownership? Should I look into buying stuff or should I look into branding, or should I look into leverage on other people's talent, other people's time, or should I actually scaling, you know, or build a movement to help others. There are so many things, right? So if you don't know what to do, so how do I scale? Just start, re-give the piece of information.

You can, there as stated what you can do exactly, or you can take up a subject about scaling. How do you scale your life? All right. So nothing can solve, do anything. 

But the only problem here is after listening today, or I would say you're so good, you're so impressive, but after one week, most of us do nothing. Do you agree? Yeah. You can see a future one, you know, you know exactly inside. 

I know what I do with so many people, every day, even myself. Sometime last time, man, I heard a lot of seminar. I feel inspired. 

I jump on top of the chairs, you know, like this. And then I say, Oh, this is the time I want to change. Yeah. 

At that time, my friend said, what's wrong with you? I wasn't. Why you are so pumped up? I say, finally, I find the right sequence I want to change. But fast forward two weeks after, go back to the same person because in the same environment, you know, same mindset, right? So most of us here, we are in that zone, maybe not two weeks, maybe after one month, slowly we drifted back there. 

Okay. So only 5% of the people can walk that talk. So now I'm not addressing the 5% of the people. 

You know why? Because this is not the problem for them. Yeah. This is for the 95% of people who one of their hobby is procrastinate. 

Okay. So do you want to internalize what you learn into something be part of you? So you automatically will think from that mindset. Would you like that? It's sort of like installing a software. 

How do you think? Okay. And this bring us to this subject here. Activate your divine energy. 

All right. And just to let you know, in order to do this, you need your own Qi Men destiny chart. Do you have your Qi Men destiny chart with you? Yes or no? Okay. 

All right. Cool. So now, you know, do that just to tell you when we're talking about mindset change in Qi Men, we look at the stars. 

Okay. These are the stars. So you do not remember this. 

I'm just telling you, these are the stars of Qi Men. And these stars here appearing in your Qi Men destiny chart. Okay. 

It's appearing in your Qi Men destiny chart. And the, let me show you where the stars was. The stars always resides at the bottom, sorry, at the top center. 

So if you look back here, all the top, let me draw is easier. All the top center is the stars. Okay. 

All this is the stars. And now I just highlight for you where here is all the stars here and stars in Qi Men represent your thoughts. And the thing is like this. 

Remember just now we're talking about heavenly wealth activation. Still remember this? There are five, right? So this, is it this five is the job or not? Is it a job? Ownership, creation, leverage, branding, or scaling? Because Hu Lei Kuan asked, right? Can you list out all the jobs under each category? No, because this is not a job. This is the way you think. 

It's a mindset. Okay. I hope you guys will be clear. 

All right. Because we start with the big picture first. Yeah. 

Job, you are still focused on income. You're not focusing on net worth. Yeah. 

This is the way of thinking. So which means your colleague might do the same job as you, but you have different mindset. You become richer than your colleague. 

Even right now, both of you get the same pay. Do you feel me guys? It's what you do after you get your salary. It's not which job you pick. 

All right. Even maybe you and your colleague also accountant, but maybe one of you are ownership mentality. Another one is a creation mentality.

Both of you go to different destiny. Even you come from same school, get the same job, get the same salary. All right, cool. 

Now, now we're talking about mindset. So we talk about activation using Shiman. So each of this got different stars. 

Okay, guys, can you send this to them? So you have your ownership. Remember it's an ambassador. If your creation is an assistant, leverage is a grass. 

Branding is hero and scaling is hard. You just need to know which one you need not to memorize because I'm going to send this to you. Okay. 

So I'm sure you already got this. So once you've got this, now the fun, the exciting part begin. If you look back at your Shiman chart, you see this, right? Okay. 

So you see this star here. This is your star. So if your ownership, if your ownership, you look at what star? Ambassador.

This one is a sample chart, right? Your achievement. So if you want to install leverage mindset, you look at the grass, you look at the scaling is here and branding is here and creation is here. So now if, let's say if your ownership, how many of you belong to the ownership? You look for ambassador. 

So ambassador, there's one direction here, right? Say Northwest. So to install this mindset, you back to the Northwest direction and do manifestation. Okay. 

Let's say you're part of branding. Let's say you're under branding group or you, let's say this here is about branding. Then you need to do one thing here is you need to actually look for hero.

And then what you need to do, you look at the direction here is East, right? You back to the East. How many of you understand this? Let's say this year you're scaling. You look for the heart. 

Heart here is Southwest, right? So therefore you back to the Southwest. What to do after you back to the Southwest, I will tell you later, but do you guys understand how to apply this or not to install the mindset? Yes. We are referring to the natal chart, your own destiny chart. 

Okay. All right. Good. 

So once you actually back to that direction, you can do this every, anytime because this is your destiny chart. It's a lifetime chart. You do it whenever you like. 

For example, let's say this year, let's count of you here this year, 2025, your heavenly path is branding for 2025. Type the word me if 2025 is okay. So what you need to do, look at your achievement chart, look for where the hero star is. 

Do you find it? If you'll find it, right, then that because hero is equivalent to a hero, right? So look for the hero star and look at where your hero star resides. Type in the chat box for those who are branding, right? So therefore some of you are South and North, right? Back to that direction. So now back to that direction means you sit down back to that direction and then you close your eyes and think about branding. 

I think about, uh, about branding. How do you actually going to use the brand? So now let me show you how it works first. It's like this. 

If I ask you to back to the South, this is roughly how it looks like. Okay, cool. So now how many of you here need help on what to say? Type the word me if you need help on what to say. 

Okay. Now I know my direction. I back to it. 

Okay. How many of you here are ownership? Let me show you. Okay. 

This is ownership activation code. Okay. If you look at here, I own my choices. 

Remember it's about ownership, my time and my wealth. What I claim, I grow. What I own, I keep.

Ownership is my power and truth. Do you like this or not? Okay. Yeah. 

So this one, I purposely created only for those who under ownership category. It's not fair, right? Nah, just joking. I created for all of you. 

See creation, leverage, branding, and scaling. Okay. You can use it any year. 

It just happened this year is your branding, right? It doesn't mean next year you are something you same brand. Maybe you are leverage next year and all those things. And guys, can you send all these five for them? Okay. 

I think right now you should able to receive all the five already. Okay. Cool. 

So why you need this? You back to the direction you want to reinforce your mindset to think like that. Either true ownership, either true leverage, true branding, and leverage also many things here. Okay. 

Cool. Check your telegram right now. This is how you use Shiman to do this. 

I do this every year. I do this every year because every year I change stuff to do. So therefore I focus on certain part. 

So later on, you look at 2026, right? What is 2026 means to you? Then you do accordingly. And then while doing it, you back to that direction I told you just now, and then you read out the mantra I share and you complete it. So Yin and Yang. 

You know something, now you internalize the energy and you think different. When you think different, you make a different decision and different decision lead to different path. That's how your destiny being changed. 

Okay. All right. So you read it out. 

You can do it anytime, any day, because you're backing to your own destiny chart. All right. Your, your destiny chart is your, uh, is forever. 

So let's say some people say, I will say, I don't want to do the fastest way. Can I use this to do on the slowest way based on your, uh, natal chart? No problem. It's just slow, but in period nine, you might not be as competitive.

If you choose your natal chart, which is very slow. I recommend you either you do the lock pillar element or the annual one. You guys understand someone say using destiny palace.

No, not your own destiny palace. Come on. You look at where the star located your chip, your achievement chart got so many element, right? So this is Jill Leung. 

Jill Leung, tell me what category you belong to this year. Jill Leung. I want to help you right now. 

Type yes. If you hear me, Jill Leung. Okay. 

I saw your yes. Now tell me which category you are in. Is it ownership, leverage, branding or what? Jill, type out here so I can help you. 

Come on, Jill Leung. Need to be faster. You know, now it's period nine. 

You type also must type fast. Okay. Okay. 

Okay. You say you cannot get the five. You just look at the year, right? The year it says 7K, you apply 7K. 

All right. Okay. So my suggestion to you, Jill Leung, watch the replay.

Okay. How about the rest? Easy. Okay. 

For the year, we look at the top. Yeah. The only difference. 

So let me show you for the year, right? So for the years, we look at the top. This is 2025, right? Right at the top. So it's 7K. 

Why we don't look at the bottom? Say I was not fair. I got something. I went to bottom because bottom is low. 

But one year passed within a blink of eye, right? If you do at the bottom, before you're able to see result, the whole year already passed. Make sense? So we only look at the top. For luck pillar, you still can look at the bottom because luck pillar is 10 years. 

Do you understand? Guys, make sense or not? Luck pillar is 10 years, you know. You don't like the top, you like the bottom. So only the annual will look at the top. 

This one. Okay. I put the word five stars here so you remember more. 

Now you know. Yeah, this is a mistake a lot of people make. Because in a year, it passed so fast. 

If you use the bottom, it takes longer time so the energy already passed. In period 8, you still can do it. You can look at the bottom because period 8 is a keng gua. 

Keng gua is earth is low. But period 9, I'm telling you fire spread like lightning speed. So if you use the bottom, I'm not saying you're not able to reap benefits. 

But if you compare with your competitor using the top element, this person will beat you any time of the week. That's it. Okay. 

Do you guys understand? Okay. Mary asked, now it's still October, right? Does it make sense to look at the element for 2025? I assume you're asking for 2026, right? Why not? Right now, we have a few months. Learn it first for what required for 2025. 

And then 2026, you follow what is 2026. Because now we are still have three months to go. Learn the lesson first. 

Because you need to learn this to become better on 2026. So now, guys, are you clear for this chapter number one? Yeah, this is the most important chapter because it's who you are. Now you know what to do and also know how to reprogram your mindset. 

That is what I want you guys to understand in chapter number one. Cool? All right. Yeah. 

So once we do this, then now we're going to take a break around 15 minutes time and then come back to go to chapter number two. Okay. Super interesting. 

Okay. I see you in 15 minutes time. Okay. 

So while during the break, I actually noticed some of you still asking for the telegram link. Now, just for five seconds, scan this code and it will lead you to the telegram channel. Yeah, this is not my telegram channel. 

This is Born For Wealth telegram channel. So this is the one. Okay. 

All right. Good. So now I want to go through some Q&A and I want to start with just go through one time the process here. 

So I want you to know how to use it. Okay. So now how do we actually installing the mindset like what I shared just now. 

So I'm going to walk through with you. So first of all, this is a sample pattern chart. So now we need to know which is the wealth path. 

Okay. So the wealth path is you can look from the natal chart, which is here. Okay. 

Or you can actually look at the love pillar, which is here, still the bottom. Yeah. But if you want the fastest one, then I would say that you're going to look at the year itself. 

Okay. So there you go. 2025. 

So for the year is a bit different. Remember, instead of at the bottom, we look at the top, isn't it? So the top is here. So this one is IR. 

So for 2025, you should focus more in IR to align with the heavenly gate. So what you need to do here is remember just now I show you the five path to wealth IR related to what? Leverage, right? Okay. Leverage is the one. 

So now you know leverage already, and you know what to do. I show you exactly what you should take if a leverage, but let's say right now, say I was, I want to install the mindset. I'm going to use Shiman. 

That is an option, right? You need not to do that, but you say, I wasn't, I want to think like a leverage. Then you need a Shiman chart. So just now, I also show you a chart. 

IR are related to which stars in Shiman. Grass, right? Still remember it's a grass. Yeah. 

You can look at the telegram channel. It's a grass. Okay. 

So now I bring up a sample Shiman chart right now. There you go. Now IR just now for two to five is the grass. 

So now all the stars, the tops are center, right? So you look all the, and we discover the grass. This is the grass. Notice the green. 

So where is the grass? The grass is here. Do you guys see it? The grass. Okay. 

So therefore IR related to grass, right? So now where is the grass located? West. So what you need to do, you sit down, I'm back in drawing. Okay. 

So at the backing to the, this is the IR. Okay. So backing to the west and then close your eyes and then read out the mantra for what? For this leverage.

Do you guys understand? Okay. Let's say, yeah, I understand now. Very good. 

So this is, this is the process of it. So someone say, what about other element in the chart? No, it's none of your concern. Okay. 

Remember we thought about 20%. You want to read everything is like you are watching a drama of 1000 episodes. Have you watched a drama that actually stretched to 1000 episodes? Yes. 

I think Taiwanese drama last time is like that. Okay. Maybe some of you watch that started from someone like a young kid until they become a father and then become a grandfather. 

And then the next episode become the grandkids grow up, you know, it's like a three generation. So that one is a storytelling. Yeah. 

This program is not about storytelling. Yeah. This program is about getting results. 

So we focus on what matters. Are you guys clear? All right. Now let's start by some Q&A. 

If your question you're going to ask now only related questions. When I say question has to be something I taught before. Yeah. 

So any other than that, it's not fair to others. Yeah. This is not a session for you to ask for your own personal chart or my chart got this element. 

I got clash. What it means? No. That one you need to get a personal consultation. 

Okay. Because it's not fair to the others. I want you to ask a question related to what I taught.

So it will benefit everyone. Are you guys clear with me on this? Okay. Let's see some question here. 

The mapping between stars and wealth path only valid for 2025 or rarely in general. It'll be perpetual any year. Okay. 

10 years from now is still relevant. 20 years from now also relevant. Because not soon after now is 2026, right? So you scroll back to the chart. 

You look at 2026 and then that is the element. Okay. So which means you can do this forever. 

Literally. And can you actually do the same analysis for your children? Yes. And if you are a coach, you can do this. 

Not only for this year. Yeah. I won't do that. 

All right. Because I'm teaching you is something I don't give you the fish. Basically, I teach you how to fish. 

So this information or this formula is evergreen information. Okay. Guys understand? I just give an example for 2025 because we are in 2025. 

So it's more relatable for now. Okay. If I teach this class in 2026, I'll use 2026 chart. 

Okay. Cool. So Kelvin Lim asks, can I use it the same method for month? No, it's not for a month formula. 

This one is for the year. Month normally the purpose of the month normally is about date selection, about when to do something or the timing part, but the direction on what to do should be from the year itself. Okay. 

This is to answer one of the questions just now, right? Kelvin Lim question. I remember just now I say I chose to do Born for Wealth in the month of dog, but I already decided the program for this year. I just don't know which month to teach.

So therefore I use the month element to decide among Jan to December, which is the best month to teach Born for Wealth. Okay. All right. 

Karen Bonora said, do we have to think about 2026 as we close? No, not yet. Yeah. Even Christmas also haven't happened. 

I'll focus on what we need to do now first. So Karen, 2026, leave it to 2026. No, no problem. 

Learn the lesson right now first, because whatever you learn for this year, we'll be helping you when 2026 coming. Because all energy come in a flow, right? We don't disrupt the flow. You can know about 2026, but you still can do two, five things. 

Okay. You're welcome, Karen. Okay. 

Faisal asked the three combination. I chose not to answer right now because I didn't talk about combination. And yeah, I think you need to know, I need to be strict on this.

If I entertain your question, I'm sure that I open another can of worms and then all different sorts of questions flying over. No. Okay. 

I need to resist this politely. I would say reject this for this moment until that content comes up later. Okay, good. 

So, and so now this is Ting based on the annual parts of chart 225 is an IW. So should I focus on ambassador star just to double confirm I should go back to the direction based on the natal achievement chart? Yes, it is. So in your achievement chart, look for the ambassador star and let's say the ambassador star is, let's say in Northwest, for example, back to the Northwest and then look for the ownership mantra, read it out loud. 

Okay. Ting Yi, I hope that answer your question. Okay, cool. 

All right, good. So I think, okay, Karen Bonara say this year is HO and this year in order to own something for, okay, I get your question here. You say that this is HO.

So this year focus on branding and next year is ownership. So this year focus on brand first. You are building your trust, your reputation, and then next year, yeah, find what you can own.

Okay. Easy is you really added this because maybe true brand, you make some money and from the brand itself, you know more people than they can recommend certain great deal for you to buy on next year. So if you don't do the branding right now, you don't know the right people that next year, I'm not saying it's not possible, but you need to work harder.

Okay. All right, cool. So now let's continue chapter two. 

Metaphysics is fun, isn't it? There's so many things to learn. Yeah. Even for 1000, I can even create another 1000 courses.

Do you know that, right? There's never an end to learning. Yeah. It's because I also keep learning every single day, right? So I keep actually teaching new courses. 

You guys want to learn more courses from me? Type the word yes, if you want to. And even if you don't want to just type yes. Okay. 

Yeah. Just make me happy. Okay, cool. 

Because I like to share. Okay. Now let's look at chapter number two now. 

Okay. Let's see this. Okay. 

Just now on chapter number one, we're talking about unlocking the gates with heavenly wealth. Yeah. It's about clarity, where your wealth coming from and how to install the mindset and all this. 

Okay. Cool. So now the next chapter I'm going to talk about here is seven-figure creation. 

So which is this? Chapter two is about the seven-figure wealth creation blueprint. Because just now we know the overall, the big picture. Now we zoom in into what to do. 

And there are two parts of this. Seven-figure wealth creation blueprint, the first part, we're talking about the heaven council. So which means that this is the part where we, we need to know what to do exactly. 

So basically this chapter here is very easy. This chapter number two is you need not to do anything. Okay. 

Remember chapter number one, I just started with exercise, right? To link this to that, because chapter number two is about heaven council. So which means that you read the chart, you say what to do, you just do it. How about that? So section number two can relax a little bit, not much exercises, but more on listening, what the heaven message is for you. 

Everyone cool? Okay. So in order to proceed this, in learning metaphysics is about understanding the concept of duality. Okay. 

What I mean by that is, have you actually encountered this symbol before? Of course, not the 3d form, like this slide here, but I think you see this side, the Tai Chi symbol. Okay. This symbol is actually governs everything in the universe is you can look at it from the wisdom perspective. 

You can look at it from enlightenment guidance. So basically everything happening can be answered or if follow the principles of yin and yang. So like I mentioned earlier on, yeah. 

If you don't know what is happiness, you wouldn't know how sad feels like and vice versa. Right? So everything always, there's an opposite side of it. There are every beginning, there'll be an end. 

And then this is, for example, like also basically telling you that this world, nothing is permanent. Things keep changing, changing all the time. For example, like how many of you here think you're super handsome right now? Type the word. 

Yes. If you think you are super handsome. Okay. 

Very good. Okay. So nice. 

Thanks for being honest. Okay. Okay. 

Ricky Ram or so we have two most handsome guy yet. Okay. Edmund and Ricky Ram. 

Okay. So now no matter how handsome you are right now, yeah. Eventually it will go away.

Yes. Right. Yeah. 

I don't care how, maybe some will say, Oh, I got six pack. I got a nice body. Yes. 

It will go away. All right. Some, some, uh, but the good thing is also like that, whatever problems you're having right now, no matter how hard it is, it will pass. 

Isn't it? So that's why the Tai Chi symbol is a circle, a circular motion. And you know, it's like two fishes swimming around. So which means that the world keep changing and the more you resist, the more pain you have. 

So part of doing metaphysics is to understand the respect that is a cycle. Remember just now on chapter number one, I'm telling you which year you should focus on, uh, which part I remember the five parts. Why I shared that part with you, because it's about timing. 

Now this timing is derived from the heaven, which is the puzzle. I can decode the heaven code. So therefore from there, be able to actually give you the answer. 

Make sense. So, but you say, I will say, what if I don't follow that? Nothing happened. You just don't reap the best benefit because you're not aligning to the heaven flow. 

Does that make you a bad person? No. Yeah. But it's just that you don't get the most out of what is supposed to given to you.

Okay. So now when we look at this again, this Tai Chi symbol here, I also want you to know from wealth perspective, one way to look at it here is this. If you want to become, you make more money, you must know two things. 

All right. Know yourself and also know what the market wants. Make sense or not? All right. 

Know yourself. So you know what to give. And when you know what the market wants, you know how to actually design your gift in a way that suits their needs. 

Make sense or not? All right. So therefore, when we learn from wisdom perspective, basically it's know yourself what you are doing and find out what people want and then create something for them. That's how you make money. 

Make sense? So this chapter here primarily revolves around these two yin and yang interaction. So in order to do this, first thing here is I want you to know that talent is overrated. What do I mean by this is if you learn Ba Ze, the first thing people interested in is what? It's about the 10 profiles. 

They want to know what is their talent is. Have you actually met a lot of people like this? Because in their mind, if I know my talent, then I'll be super successful. Agree? No one tell them like this.

They're made up like this. They keep thinking talent is everything. And how I used to think that way as well until I went to London. 

This one is back in 2018 or 19. I think 2018. And in the subway, you know, I see a lot of talented musicians. 

They sing way better than all the popular singers out there. They're so effortless. Their sound is so magical.

And some of them, I just stand there for like 5 minutes listening to their voice. It's like voice of an angel. It's mesmerizing. 

Everything is so perfect. Only one thing, they're struggling. So that tells me, hey, a lot of people in Ba Ze, they're looking for talent a lot. 

They're focused on that. But talent does not make them rich. So therefore, that changed my perspective. 

Because those musicians there, they are great people. They're kind. They're friendly.

When we talk about from wealth perspective, maybe they're not doing so well on that department. Because I talked to some of them as well at that time. And suddenly, I changed the way I read Ba Ze. 

Nowadays, a lot of parents keep asking me, hey, what is my child talent? I don't know. I will still tell them. But after that, I'll tell them that one is not that important. 

But not everyone can accept the fact. Because we are so ingrained with this tradition, finding what my child is talented in. And then we groom them. 

And then they become successful. Not so easy. You're just telling me like, if I work hard, I'll be successful. 

It's not. Because the reality doesn't reflect that way. So let's say you discover that. 

Let's say someone tell you that according to your Ba Ze chart, your talent lies in marketing. And they say, very good. I go to work in a company, the best agency in the world. 

And then I want to work in the marketing department. Now, let me ask you, if you're able to work there and your talent, according to your Ba Ze chart, is marketing, will you make a lot of money or not? I want you to think a little bit. Will you make a lot of money? Your talent, you know? You're saying no, right? Yeah, of course.

Yeah. Because you see like this, right? In a company, there's not only you. You got colleagues.

Yeah. If they're doing better than you, you're out. Agree or not? You don't have a chance to get, not don't say just becoming rich, let alone a promotion, you also might not get it.

This is the part people don't want to think about. Because this is the sad part about reality, right? We like to think our talent, everything will be smooth, but the reality doesn't work that way. And you know about it. 

A lot of talented people got fired because their boss don't like them. Agree? Why I can know this? I see a lot of cases like this. Yeah. 

Because of course, right? If the boss see you or not, if you're super talented, why the boss want to promote you? You outshine them. Yeah. So now, that's what I want to tell here is talent is overrated.

Yeah. You might think, how come I'm talented in marketing, I cannot get promoted? Because your colleague, what do you think your colleague also, also what is the chances of your colleague having a marketing talent in their father chart? Is it possible or not? Yes. What if they also have the marketing talent, but now they are more hardworking, they are more smarter than you? Of course you don't get anything. 

You get zero results and you keep blaming, oh, now the path is not accurate. No path is accurate, but there are people better than you. Yeah. 

It's just as simple as that. So therefore, instead of thinking about the talent part, this is a very old way thinking. This is like period thinking. 

The world need to change. Now you see so many firing. So we need to know first, if it's not talent, then what it is? Okay. 

Let me show you here. Value. Money or wealth only goes to where value resides.

So the question is how much money you're able to make depends on what value you have, right? The more value you have, value means that something that can solve other people's problems. Remember I told you, know yourself and know what market you want, right? So the more you build your value in the right one, and then therefore, this is the part I want to focus on about know yourself. Remember, just like water always flows to overground, money always flow to where the value is. 

So if you're available to your company, you bring a lot of money to company, I'm sure you're going to be, get a lot of money, right? You'll get a big reward from that. So once we know that value is a key, I think you remember Li Ka-shin say that, a lot of people asking him this question, what is your advice to anyone who want to build their wealth? You know what his answer is? He say, be useful. So short, but yet profoundly true, powerful, right? Yes, we need to be useful, right? If you're not useful, don't say just money, everything. 

A lot of people say, how come I don't have a lot of friends? Because you don't have value. Yeah, this is how the world is. You might think, oh, it's not about value, it's about love. 

You try and see, the easiest way to spoil your friendship is you ask, you borrow money from them. Okay, you try and see, tonight, you call your friend, say, can I borrow 1000? Okay, and see how many times you ask that before they stop picking up your call? Because you're no longer valuable. One time, two time can. 

What if you're not the one borrowing, ask someone to borrow money to you? You are the one able, you are the provider. Different world. Okay, so I want to understand the value part here. 

So when I look at BaZi, this lead me to think about if value is so important, then which part of the BaZi represent value? Okay, so let me show you now. There you go. Okay, so remember this, the month pillar at the top. 

Do you see the element here? So for this person is EG. Now look back at your BaZi chart, at the top only, don't sneak anywhere else. Just that one.

Look at the one, month pillar at the top. For this case is EG and you guys here, type in what you found in your BaZi chart in the chat box right now. IW, okay, good. 

This is value. I'll call this value creation element. Chapter number one, we're talking about the big picture of the end goal. 

So now how do we get there, right? A lot of people say, oh, I want to own stuff, right? I need money to own stuff. This is how you make the money to own stuff. So therefore, this is not the end goal. 

This is a means to an end. Guys, you understand? The end goal is on chapter one. Why I tell you the end goal first? Because if you make money, you don't know what to do is a problem, isn't it? So now you know exactly what you can do based on your BaZi chart. 

And how do I actually share with you this? I will share with you in an easy way. Let me show you this. Because now there's one problem here is this, AI disruption. 

Yeah, the way we read BaZi will be very different from old days because some, uh, I would say job might not be relevant or obsolete. So when we look at what to do or what value you can create, it changes, isn't it? So because we cannot deny the fact that AI disrupt a lot of industry or probably disrupted already. Yeah. 

So therefore we need to factor in this into our reading. So now first I want all of you here to look back at the value element just now. And I want you to actually, how many of you here, your element that you have is direct resource. 

This one, your value creation. Okay, cool. Yeah. 

Direct resource. So now, yeah, this one, that's why I say this part here, right? Easy. You just listen on it, right? You need not to do a lot. 

So now let me explain if your value based on your chart is direct resource, what you can do to generate wealth, make the money first. It might not be a lot because whether it can be a lot is depends on chapter number one just now, the mindset, the wealth path. This one telling you, how do you create your, the money you have to get to the wealth path. 

So there are two boxes here. The top one is standard or always reading, but the bottom one here is now in the AI world. There's something you should actually look into. 

Make sense guys? So this one is old. This one is new. Which one you want? Which one you prefer? New. 

Okay, good. Yeah. That's why we in period nine, right? So, but if you learn parts in the old days, they'll tell you all this teacher, doctor, all these are, but right now there'll be a bit different, but the nature will be roughly, there'll be some nature there. 

Just if you are DR, just remember this, you are educator. You like to share wisdom. You are builder of trust. 

Yeah. So basically you are, basically you're a teacher. Okay. 

So the one that can make it big is like, have you heard about like Khan Academy? All right. So that built a giant global education platform, mentorship and learning accessibility. All right. 

So that is the one. Yeah. So therefore, this is the value can create if you are direct resource. 

So the essence here is about knowledge. Always remember, direct resource is about knowledge, care, guidance, support, and stability. They are the supporter. 

So if you don't know what to do, say, I will say, look at my chart. What is why I can make money? If you discover it's a DR, look at this. Okay. 

I won't read out everything here. All right. You just, if you don't understand the word there, go Google and search.

Yeah. What is a job? Okay. What is an e-learning program designer? You want to explain each of that? I will say 10 days is not enough. 

Right. So, but I think you get my point, right? So always look at the bottom, but if that person already 60 years old, look for the top. Hard to change.

That is how I use it. Okay. You still, you still, you still can, you still can actually use the on top if you are, you'll reach certain age. 

Okay. I think Stephanie also suggest something very good. You say that if you want to know the details of what is an e-learning program designer, like here. 

Okay. So go check GPT and search. Okay. 

You, you got 100 pages explaining what is e-learning program designer. Okay. All right. 

Cool. Yeah, I'm here. I give you the direction.

You go and search this way is better. Right. So I can give you more information. 

So if an, are someone that older, but you say, I will say, even though I'm 70 years old, but I don't want to do the top. I want to do the bottom. Can I, can no problem.

Okay. Yeah. So not an issue here. 

So it's a matter of choice and also wisdom. When someone talk to you, you can sense when, you know, someone open for change or not. Yeah. 

If, how do you know if someone keep telling you when things you revert back to normal and you ask them what is normal means, means pre pandemic or the time where people don't use smartphone, they sit in the table, eating, look at each other. They don't look at smartphone. Yeah. 

They expect way to revert back. That way is always already. Okay. 

But someone keep looking forward then, and that will be, there'll be good. All right. So look at the bottom. 

Are you guys understand first or not? Okay. Kee Hung say, can you send me the slide that one later? Okay. Kee Hun Lee, calm down. 

Okay. I can come down or not. Kee Hun Lee. 

Okay. All right. Now this is DR for you.

Yeah. I like to use that word. Okay. 

Now, second one, just to share with you first, I won't explain every single thing. Otherwise you go crazy. I also go crazy because I will give you, give this to you anyway. 

Okay. For IR, right? If a lot of IR the same, the top represents the old days and the bottom one is represent the period nine or AI era. Okay. 

So it's cool. If you look at your chart, if you have that, good. Yeah. 

Because IR normally they're the inventor, they're the philosopher, and then they're also a spiritual innovator. Normally if you have IR, yeah, you can be a very talented Chinese metaphysics practitioner. Yeah. 

Because they're creative. Okay. So they're imaginative. 

So the DR just now more on data, knowledge, but IR are more on imagination, more on intuition. So therefore, because of that, they have all this, they are, if I are there, I'm sure that you are super intuitive. Okay. 

So these are the ones just like Elon Musk. Yeah. They push boundaries. 

They reinvent stuff. They take an unorthodox route to success. Yeah. 

They break through the conventional way to do something. They are more radical because they imagine stuff. All right. 

DR just now they're based on data, but IR they're different breed. Yeah. That's it. 

Okay. The rest you read yourself. Next one, EG. 

EG here is more like artists, entertainer. Yeah. They are brand expert.

So these are the job that can, they can do well in period nine. If you are EG there, you select one of this. Okay. 

They can, all this, the keyword here could be expression. They're very expressive. So there are also tribe in entertainment. 

Yeah. Because of the art part. So for exact job, look at the chart. 

Okay. Now next one, if you're HO, HO are more like the challenger. Okay. 

And the challenger, and then there are viral disruptor. Therefore they are, they are someone that like to speak, you know, like to challenge. Do you know who is Gary Vee is? All right. 

I think some, most of you heard about him, right? So you see his energy, they challenge the norms, you know, they're built with civility. That's a very HO type. So therefore at the bottom of the box, you can see what you can do. 

So you can give you some suggestion. How do you create value from your job? Okay. Direct wealth, as usual, the same, the, this one represent HO, this one represent new. 

So direct wealth, they are more structure. They are reliable. Yeah. 

One, once you have a, how many of you have the DW at the value box? How do it mean? Okay. Yeah. Most of the time, unless you have a screw up chart, most of the time you're very reliable because they work on structure.

Only, only one thing is sometimes they eat in the same restaurant all the time. All right. So, but other than that, this one is good. 

So for example, like, McDonald's, McDonald's is very structured. Yeah. Reliable. 

Yeah. Like Ray Kroc model. Yeah. 

So they are systematic. They are consistent. They are predictable. 

One thing about DW, they are predictable. They always do the same thing over and over again. Okay. 

Yeah. But because of that, they are also becoming rich. Okay. 

They are becoming rich. And this is the, one of the most favorite in terms of wealth creation in the old days. So now the next one here is IW.

Let me show you the IW. Okay. Let me clear this. 

Okay. IW is the same top and bottom. That one never changed. 

So IW are more opportunistic, which means they are networker, they are dealmaker. They are willing to take more risk. So they'll multiply their wealth easily than the direct wealth. 

Because direct wealth are more stable. Indirect wealth is more adventurous on making money. Like Richard Branson will be one of it. 

The Virgin Group, they're fast to spot the trend. They love traveling. They take calculative risk. 

That's indirect wealth. Okay. So this is the suggestion for you if you are in direct wealth. 

Next one, DO. DO is the essence here. They are leader, they are manager, they like law and order, highly principled. 

So therefore, these are the job that can build value if they can thrive. One of the example here, like Apple CEO right now, Tim Cook. Tim Cook is, Steve Jobs is visionary, right? But Tim Cook is very effective.

You see how they scale the business, how they manage the supply chain, logistic, everything. There's a law and order of stuff. So this was the thing that you can actually look into.

So seven killings, a lot of people are afraid of seven killings, but seven killings is not dangerous. When it comes to value creation, it's like a warrior. They are good in managing crisis.

So if a company going through crisis, they want to restructure, seven killings is the best person to do it. They like to disrupt stuff. So they're master risk. 

They're willing to take risk. I think one of the example could be Uber founder. He took the risk of that time, it's an unknown business. 

They carved the way. So it represent courage. They're very competitive.

They like to go through high risk, high reward. They are wealth coming that way. So these are the suggestion of the thing they can do.

So last two, friend. The friend essence here, if your value creation is friend, this one is about partnership, community builder and tribe leader. They want to be with people.

They're alive when there's a sense of camaraderie. We fight together as a team. So therefore, these are the thing they can do. 

If you look at the chart right now, you see community builder, partnership, mastermind, host. Nowadays, people like to interview successful people. So therefore, they are very friend related. 

They can create a lot of money out of that. So now finally, the one here is rock wealth. How many of you are rock wealth? Right. 

So these are the challenger, they are fast mover, they are rebel as well. So these are the job that they can find momentum and passion about. How about TikTok dancing, bike dance, all these are Zhang Yiming and all those are, they are very rock wealth. 

Okay. So they like to challenge and do something different. These are the one that like to compete with the giants in the industry. 

Okay. They are bold challenger and then they go through, they are very high drive to do something. So if you want to have competitor, this is the last people you want to fight with. 

Yeah, because their drive are very high and then they're going to beat you. I'll do everything you do. That is a rock wealth. 

Okay. So now guys, I can send them, do you want all these 10 slides here? Or you have a photographic memory, you can remember everything. Okay. 

The team will send you right now, all the 10 slides. And this slide here is something, is a compilation of so many hours while doing consult. I do research in the market, what is happening right now, what is the sought after. 

So this, now I give it all to you. Okay. It saves you a lot of time. 

And if you do, you can guide your children also. And if you are a Pazzo coach and you advise people on their career or career change, there are some people that they hit a midlife crisis. They want to do something different. 

Right. So this will be a perfect time to advise them to do. Okay. 

All right. So, and just this alone, imagine this, if you want to say, okay, I will sell to make my some money first, even now today, right? You just post a message later on your Facebook. You say that, you know, I just learned day one from Iverson born for wealth. 

And right now I able to give you the big picture of your five heavenly path. And I also can tell you exactly what job role suitable for you for this AI era. Would you be interested? And because you're my friend, instead of $100, I only charge you at a minimum of $50. 

And that's the disclaimer. Okay. You cannot ask me everything, anything else, because that is the only thing I know so far. 

You need to be honest, right? Then would you be interested? If they say yes, you say, thank you. But my time are pretty busy. I only, I only be free a little bit on the fourth week. 

Can we set an appointment right now? Do you think people would be interested? Yes. Even though you're, you're damn free. Okay. 

For the next three weeks, you don't know what to do. And you're watching Netflix every day. It's fine because scarcity sell. 

If you tell them, no, I'm free right now. Let's go out. No, that is bad marketing.

Okay. I say, you might think Iverson, then it means you're lying. No, right. 

You didn't do any harm. Even you need to make sure during the consult, we just need to deliver the right information. All right. 

If you don't know, you tell them, you don't know. It's fine. You tell them, let me learn day two from Iverson. 

Then I come back to you. So my, now do you think you can make some money or not by just doing that? Come on guys. Yes or no? Not that hard, right? Which means you can make money on day one here. 

Now I want you to look back here. What actually changed? Because now you just increase your value, right? When your value increase, your money will follow. So need not to work hard on making more money. 

Just work hard on increasing your value. It will come. And now you know exactly where your value is. 

What are you waiting for? Okay, cool. So this part here, I leave it to you. Yeah. 

So rather want to do this, you post on Facebook, that one, and I'm telling you a lot of people love this part. They want to know what they can do. They want to know the wealth path. 

If you can deliver it well, I'm sure they'll refer a lot of clients to you. Okay. All right. 

So now some people like variety, right? Can I give you something a little bit advanced, but some people, they might feel confused. So do you want this advanced information or not? It's a good confuse. All right. 

Okay. Now, okay, cool. Okay. 

Look at this slide now. Just now I'm talking about what you can create, right? Now, if you say, I don't want to learn stuff, I just want to sell, look at the year pillar. Okay. 

So you look at this DO, you look back at the DO, you sell whatever those people provide. You don't do the actual thing. You just sell something. 

Okay. Now look at your, look at your year pillar. What is stated there? Type in the chat box. 

Okay. All right. So, okay, cool. 

So let's, let's use one example here. If your year pillar is indirect wealth, for example, is indirect wealth, you see indirect wealth here. So now we're talking about selling, right? Let's say I don't want to build up skill, but I don't want to sell to make money. 

So you sell, help people to sell orders. Yeah. Maybe they have a program, services, or you help them to find more clients, referrals. 

So you're selling their products or services, you help them. Instead of becoming the skilled person, you help them. Okay. 

So this is one, another angle you can use your pattern chart for. One, you learn the skill in a month pillar. The year pillar is the services you sell. 

Let's say, remember we talk about the dark resource is educator, right? You'd be the teacher. You look at a month, but if it's happening a year, what, what is that teacher is for? Which means you have the teacher selling what? Courses. You have the teacher marketing their courses. 

Make sense or not guys? Do you understand? This is additional information because not all the time you need to be skilled, you need to learn, right? You still can make money by selling something. So you can choose now. Now, just now you offer 50 ringgit, right? Now you add an add on. 

Do you want to know what products or services to sell? You add on, it's just $10. So from 50 now to $20, sorry, to add another $10 add on because you have more value right now. Now you can sell your consult for $60. 

Okay, good. Is this information useful? All right. Now you know how to make something, how to create something and how to sell it.

So it depends on you, right? Some people, they don't like to, Oh, you asked me to learn a skill. You asked me to learn Pazhi. I'd rather help someone who knows Pazhi. 

I make a lot of money by selling this person courses or consultation. Yeah, it's fine. As long as you give value, you help someone either directly or indirectly, you're good. 

Okay. All right. So far so good.

You understand this? Okay. Someone asked, okay, let me answer this question. Sharon Tim, how do I sell if it's IR? Let's do one more. 

I won't do everything. Otherwise then everyone asks for that one. Okay. 

Let's do one example like this. Indirect resource. So let's look at here. 

How do you sell? Okay. Indirect resource. Remember just now, they are metaphysics. 

Okay. Content creator. Can you offer them design, help them sell their service and all this thing, right? So innovation consultant, their client is companies that are looking for innovation. 

So you have them sell their service. Okay. Terra. 

All right. So therefore, basically you help to bring them businesses. That's what I mean, selling. 

Okay, guys, you need to think a little bit this one. That's why I say, otherwise I'm going to do every single one. So let's see this one. 

This one has come from Shirley, right? Okay. So how about the friend? Okay. Look at the friend. 

What can you sell? Can you help the friend to sell? Community builder. If they need money, can you help them to attract investor coming in? Can or not? Or market the service. If they say, I need money, I need funding. 

I don't know. Or can you help them to build a Venus, to get in more recruitment or enrollment? Okay. All right. 

So now you see, anyone ask for their own already. How about HO? How about EG? But I want you to just look at that and then just shift to different angle. Okay. 

Good. Now, making and selling. Now you cannot say, I don't know what to do.

You cannot say, I don't know what to sell. You already got all the answers. Okay. 

Start first. Yeah. The key here, once you know, you start. 

Not to figuring out a whole five-year plans. It never work in period of night. You just start. 

Just like me last time, when I actually transit from programmer to partner, a lot of people ask me, what happened in your mind at that time? Yeah. Is it, is it mean, how do you actually face your fear or uncertainty? For me that time, I just do. Yeah. 

It's just as simple as this, right? You need not to complicate the stuff. You do it first because you see the next path. After you complete that one. 

How many of you experienced that before? You're not clear, but you take the first step. My first step here is I tend the resonation and I start consulting, mini consulting. I start giving talk in bookstore when there are no one listening to me, all the empty chairs right in front. 

To a point, I need to ask my colleague to stand in front. So at least I've got one person. And after 10 minutes, I feel happier because another person coming, sitting down on the chair, she's not my colleague. 

Yeah. But only to know that the reason the lady sitting there is because she's tired walking. She just take a rest.

That's how, so therefore, yeah. Start something first because when you align with heaven energy, they will guide you for the next thing. Sometime the next step is to just to tell you that there's something else is better for you. 

Have you guys actually experienced that before? You take the first step only to tell you that another direction is better. If you haven't go through the first step, you never know that, that other direction is better for you. Okay.

So do that. When we have time in the bonus data, I talk a bit about the heaven alignment part. Would you be interested? About the heaven rhythm. 

Okay. Cool. Right. 

We stay in the end later. All right. So even you are a bit sleepy, tomorrow need to work, that one can wait. 

Okay. Now, next thing I want to talk about here. Okay. 

First of all, make sure you've got all the five, sorry, the 10 slides. Have you got it in your telegram? Yeah. I need to move on to next subject already. 

All right. Just to make sure everything is out of the way now. Okay. 

Cool. So just now we're talking about the Yin and Yang. One part is know yourself, which I told you just now about the value.

You know it. And then the second part is also about know the market. The market also important, right? Because if you are good at something that not a lot of people want, for example, like I actually asked someone, this is like back seven years ago, I'm in Penang. 

I go there to conduct a workshop. I asked this person, what is your skill? What you're good in doing? And he told me without thinking, you know, so it has to be true. He says something, I will say I'm good in collecting stamps. 

Okay. Is there a skill about good in collecting stamp? I don't know. Yeah. 

Maybe is that good? I don't know how he mentioned that, but he might not able to not a lot in the market, not a lot of people want this kind of people. Oh, the skill. Right. 

So therefore it's more like a hobby rather than a skill to make money. All right. That way is a different topic altogether.

It's fine. You have hobby to balance out your emotion, right? But it's not about something that can make money because we must know what market want. So now let's talk about the market.

Let me show you this and get to know what the market want here. So now let me ask you, market changes a lot or it stay the same for a very long time. Will market change? Yes.

Right. Changes all the time. Something working right now does not mean it will work next year.

Have you seen a lot of business? They are starting off very strong, but somehow eventually they faded away. Okay. Because the market changed. 

So which means sometime the market don't need your products or services anymore. We need to understand it, right? Then how do we do it? So when we say no, the market is not like once you get the answer, it will stay there forever, right? So therefore it's a very volatile thing. So when we look at the market, we look at one thing. 

We look at the year itself, the next two years or the upcoming years. So we start with that one first because there are no one fixed answer to it because it keeps changing. So how do we do this? We look at the timing part.

So now in period nine, we know overall is governed by fire element. And we also know that the next year is a pure fire year, right? This is a pure fire year, right? So 2026. So therefore 2026 is the year that is set the tone for period nine. 

Okay. So which means that even though period nine happens in 2020-2024, but the real happening changes is on 2026 because the fire element is extremely strong. Do you know what is the element for the fire in 2026? It's a fire horse element, right? So if I show you this again, fire horse is here. 

Let me show this again. Okay. If you see this, fire horse is here.

Okay. So fire horse is all pure fire. It's a starting point. 

So therefore I need to plot the fire horse chart for you. So let me show you. Okay. 

This is the fire horse chart. Okay. Fire horse is 2026. 

And how do you, where the fire horse is? There you go, right? There's a fire horse. It's the year of a fire horse here. So once we know that we can actually decipher what is happening there because what is important, I want you to remember this.

2026 puzzle chart is not just an annual chart. It's the director's script for period nine. That's how important it is. 

So which means that if you do it right in the year of 2026, it sort of like set the tone for the rest of the period nine. Is it important? Guys, is it important or not? Because when we read an annual chart, it's not, we always read one year, one year, right? But 2026 chart is a bit special because it's like the director's script for the rest of the period nine because it's the starting point of the fire energy. How do we predict our destiny? We always look at the starting point, isn't it? We look at what? What is your date of birth? What is your time of birth? Don't you think you've been asked this question in order to plot the puzzle chart? You might think, right, that one is just my time of birth. 

So how important it is because it's the starting point of an energy and it will dictate for the rest. You still have the same puzzle chart for the rest of your life. So therefore it will talk about the birth of period nine is actually the pure fire starting in 2026. 

So the chart is, you can analyze it as an annual chart. You also can see that is the puzzle chart for period nine. Yeah. 

So the more you understand it, the more knowledge or awareness you have to deal with all these challenges in period nine. And I'm going to tell you what it is. Okay. 

And how do we do this? I want to actually form it in a way that you can actually act on it. This is the one. Okay. 

The five heavenly moves. So which means something to know and to act on it. There are five things it's important. 

I'm going to show you right now. So now let me show you the first thing here. Now what does it read here? Be the second mover, not the pioneer. 

What do you able to understand from that sentence? Be the second mover, but not the pioneer. Okay. Let me show you the chart. 

Don't be smart. Okay. That other five was smart. 

Okay, cool. But some of you might think, Hey, I was saying, don't you think period nine is a very fast, right? We should move fast. Yes, you should move fast, but not too fast. 

Not be the first one. Okay. Let me explain. 

Let me explain here. If you look at the chart here, you see this, uh, it is a two to six chart by the way. And do you realize that is a super strong fire? Do you see that? First of all, the whole year is fire element. 

And then the fire is here. Fire is here and the fire is here and the wood also produce fire. So don't you think is a very, uh, uh, so-called hot chart. 

Yes. When is a super hot chart fire represents speed, right? So when is good, what, when is too much fire, they're, they're very impulsive, emotional, and explosive. So basically when fire dominates, people act with urgency because they're impatient or simply their fear of missing out.

Okay. So therefore in business, it creates a climate of Russian trend. People always want to be the first one. 

They want to have a lot of quick launches, viral. Guys, you do know that nowadays a lot of people want to be viral, viral, viral help. Uh, therefore they have all these, uh, impulsive decision. 

So now why is not the first mover? Because if you read the whole chart, do you see any water element? Do you see any water element in the chart? No. So they move very fast, but no wisdom. You see a lot of people that just want to be fast, but they are not, they are not taught over all this. 

They're just doing this for the sake of doing. Yeah. So remember this important. 

2026 here, especially, and moving forward, the tone here, be fearful when others are greedy, be greedy when others are fearful. This is the exact word for Warren Buffett. Now, arrow move fast. 

You'll be the second. You're still fast. All right. 

Yeah. Because it's still a fire, but you don't actually do the first one. And now if you learn metaphysics before, when someone move fast is fire, right? So fire produce what in the end, who you benefit fire produce earth. 

Do you see the earth here? You move so fast in the end, you produce earth, right? So what is the nature of earth? Stable, patient, structure, observation. So you observe first. So therefore that is why second movers in period nine always win. 

Yeah. Let the pioneers kill themselves. They are the one, the first mover is the one that clear the jungle. 

They educate the market. They spend a lot of money for marketing and awareness. They take all the arrows, right? And the second movers that got good point, they learn from the first mover, that copy what works, that adapt faster and the skill with less risk. 

For example, you think about BYD, right? Yeah. Tesla clear the jungle. BYD actually paved the road. 

Yeah. So a lot of things has all the hard part already done, right? The Tesla educate the market, set the stage, build all the hype. But they also take all these arrows, right? So therefore also look at Apple and BlackBerry, right? BlackBerry is the first mover, but Apple actually later, but they win. 

So therefore these are the first concept, uh, or the, uh, why is the reason from the 2026 chart here? Do you find that interesting? Yeah, you can read the chart that way right now. How many of you here like this way of reading, but if you don't know, it's fine, right? I already tell the answer. In the end, whether you know how to analyze the chart is irrelevant, but you must know, don't be the pioneer. 

You got killed first. Is this important? Yes. Okay.

So follow what works, improve, adapt. That is the way to go in Pyrenees. Because when everyone rush, you hold on a little bit. 

So let me clear this. Now let's move on to the second point here. Okay.

Second point here, say, uh, clean your shadows. Okay. So what, what do I mean by clean the shadows? Let me bring back the chart again. 

So the chart, uh, let me see whether I can draw something on this. Okay. Now, when you say clear your shadow, which means that if you look at you know, pink fire is the sun. 

Yeah. Pink fire is a sun. Yeah. 

This is a yang fire. Okay. So I just draw like this easier for you to remember. 

Okay. It's a sun. And do you see how many sun you see in this chart? Yeah. 

Not only top and, but also bottom, right? So in Pazer, when something appear on top and the bottom, we call this rooted. So which means super strong sunlight. So when the sun is so dominant, it shines everywhere.

It also reveals everything because sun remove a lot. It actually shines on darkness, right? So which mean nothing can hide. Corruption, hidden motive, all your weaknesses will get exposed.

If you have an affair, easily got exposed as well. How many of you have affair right now? Of course you won't type here, right? Okay. So I'm just asking. 

So now here also, uh, is like water buffers is swimming naked, right? So which means that if you, if you discover that a lot of your colleagues, they actually don't know what to do. They have no idea what they are doing, but somehow they get away with a lot of things. Wait until two to six, they are swimming naked.

Which means that suddenly all the weakness being revealed. So which means that in period nine, there's not much you can hide. Yeah. 

Everything under the, you swept under the carpet, you got revealed. So therefore, if you're talking about business or anything, or did your weak spot. Yeah. 

Before in known publicly, you know, whether it's a finance relationship or something you're embarrassed about, you know, so two to six is coming. So so which mean period nine, no, uh, a lot is very hard to keep mistake also means easy to hack. If I'm talking about computer world, hacker will lose period nine. 

So there are no system, uh, so-called like secure system. A lot of people thought like Bitcoin is unhackable. Yeah. 

Because the possibility to hack it is like almost zero to none, but the charts tells you. It's not true. I mean, now, nowadays we have quantum computing, right? That thought is powerful. 

A lot of people still saying it's not enough to crack the Bitcoin algorithm algorithm, but the chart says, because everything bring to light all the security part will under huge challenge in period nine. So if you providing all these security services for, for companies, you can see a lot of money there as well. Okay. 

Cybersecurity. Yes, you're right. Jamie cybersecurity. 

Okay. And, uh, because vulnerability is that, but if your speaker discover, you have some dark past, you say, okay, what if people find out I want to be an influencer? I want to be a, uh, KOL, but what if people find out my past mistake? So the key here is what turn your shadows into strength. Okay. 

Share with people because people don't know it anyway. Why not? You make it part of your inspiring story to become a better person. So what is once shameful right now, become a magnet for respect. 

How about that? So in your view, transparency system, you know, basically, uh, keep all the contracts, you know, fulfill promises because a lot of things here. So, but if you're from spiritual perspective, when you look at this, you say that, uh, shadows represent unresolved karma, guilt or secret. So for you right now is a time. 

Yeah. This is a time that means for forgiveness. Let go. 

Yeah. When you let go, you're like, you're become lighter and easy for you to attract wealth because now you are aligned, easy, easy to manifest. Yeah. 

So if some of you here, uh, have all this unresolved karma, or you want to forgive someone, or you feel guilt, address it head on. Yeah. You feel powerful because if not for the next like 10 or 20 years, now you always feel guilty. 

And then it drain your energy and you cannot make money. Okay. So Maundry, uh, from the chat box here, Maundry asking, can tax dodge anymore? Means you want to dodge your, are you saying that you're currently dodging a lot of tax? I don't know. 

Yeah. But based on the chart, it says it's become hard, which means the government will install a lot of system tracking, maybe due to AI technology. You can't even do all these funny things anymore. 

Okay. All right. So, which means a lot of tax consultant. 

Yeah. You're finding hard time and there are more to come. Have you already seen this thing happening already? Even without, I'm telling you from the path to chart.

All right. So the path to chart just conferred to something, which you already know more and more. That's why I say, if I have a affair, yeah, you'll be in a dangerous spot.

Easy to know somehow like Coldplay concert. Okay. Something, something, uh, something similar like this will be more and more because of this two ping fight, very strong ping fight. 

Yeah. Okay. All right. 

So far so good guys. Yeah. I'm telling you. 

Yeah. So can make your plan. All right. 

For, I cannot talk this in a free webinar because it's too technical. Okay. So now the next one here, let me show you the next one. 

The third thing here is manifestation is a secret weapon, which means in period nine, you know, one, at least if you want to, um, even you're just beginner is fine. All right. At least you learn some manifestation because the manifestation energy is strong in period nine. 

When you talk about wealth, yeah. Wealth manifestation, don't worry. I go teach this tomorrow. 

How about that? All right. I will teach you some manifestation tomorrow, but right now I want you to know manifestation is some, one of the important thing here because it's, um, you see here, you see direct resource here. You see this, direct resource here, the ping fire is strong, right? So all ping fire is that resource.

Remember one thing, when the direct resource is too strong, which indicated in this chart, it will become indirect resource. Okay. This is a part of theory. 

Yeah. When that resource is, you don't think you see that resource, right? You think is that resource? No, actually you're looking at indirect resource. So which means, uh, the indirect resource represent, uh, manifestation connection, manifestation power. 

So therefore, because it's a ping fire, it's a sun, the manifestation power become, uh, amplified in period nine. So if you have some manifestation technique with you, you know what to do with those technique, you actually get unfair advantage in period nine. Remember on chapter number one, did I teach you some manifestation technique based on the five achievements stars? That is, that's the one that's why include that part of it, because he indicated that that business will thrive in period nine. 

You can teach this as a course, or you can apply it. Since you already know, I would encourage you to practice manifestation maybe daily first as a beginner. Once you get a hang on it, then you can choose any time you like. 

Okay. All right. So remember manifestation is a tool is a big business. 

So now the next one here, remember one thing. Yeah. You might think you're good. 

You want to come, you want to be strong. You want to beat down competitors, right? This one doesn't work in period nine. You know why? Because if you stand alone, you'll be killed in period nine. 

So period nine is the period you want to do anything. Don't start alone, get collaboration. It does not mean you must actually find a partner in your business or anything, but in your business, try to collaborate with other businesses. 

So to form a win-win situation. So why, why I'm saying this because in period nine, or especially in 226, competitor, competitor actually is super strong. You look at Rockwell, Rockwell represent competitor. 

You see competitor here, competitor is here, right? It's earth element, right? Earth element is because fire is stronger for so strong. So competitor will be very strong. So if you fight with them because yourself is weak, right? So because competitor is stronger.

So therefore it says that instead of competing, all right, you actually become allies with them. All right. Joint venture, partnership, athlete models, or in a career collaborative projects, leadership, you become stronger or building communities like nowadays have Telegram, TikTok group, right? So community is the one. 

So the advice here is don't fight over the pie, be the one who bakes the oven. Okay. So period nine is all about share wealth.

Don't fight alone. All right. Build networks rather than fight alone.

Yeah. Because here say that competitor is strong. If you fight head on with them, you lose, but if you form collaboration, things are happening. 

Okay. Now you become friends. Now that is the one that you need to actually look into. 

Okay. So remember, don't, don't start something or some collaboration is important. And now next one here, I want you to look at is this, yeah, this is super important. 

Yeah. Don't chase wealth. Why? Yeah. 

This is, if you're chasing wealth in period nine, yeah. You, you've, you've discovered a lot of problems. Let me tell you, you look at the chart for Loh Pa Tse, this is you, right? Yeah. 

It's your day. It's the earth. For earth, what is the wealth element? Water. 

So do you see any water in the chart? So in 226, there are no wealth element one, you know? All right. There are no water, right? So the earth control water. So, which means strong self. 

Why is strong? Because fire is strong, but no wealth element. In Cantonese we call what? So this one is reversed. Basically means self is strong. 

Wealth is weak. So it's a reverse polarity. So now, when, when the wealth is missing in layman term, it means that if your way of making money is exchange your time with money, you're finding hard times.

I think about this, all people think I'm making money, I'm making money, right? Actually, you're not making money at all. You just exchange your time with money. For example, so the interviewer will ask you, right? What is your requested salary? So basically, whatever amount you're saying, you're saying that in order to buy my time, this is the value. 

So you're exchanging time for money. So if you look at the chart in period nine, since there are no water element, which represent wealth. So if you trade your time with money, you have problem. 

So you don't chase money anymore. So now, since then, how do you make money? So allow me to be a bit technical here. So since the wealth is strong, when the element itself is strong, what favors them? Output element, right? Because output reduce your strong energy. 

So do you realize that the output element is right at the bottom of this earth element? So it's easy, right? You see here. So the way to make money is through output element. EG is output. 

So, which means that if you don't know what to do, you want to secure your wealth flow, brand yourself as authority because eating God creation represent that, you know, is a brand. Brand yourself as authority because see metal also are shining diamonds. So about content creation, teaching, speaking, be in social media, creating digital product, courses that people willing to pay for. 

This is the way to make more money. This is the trick here. A lot of people looking for wealth element is non-existent. 

So don't look for one. Don't chase it. Look for creation. 

And how many of you here, your chart, your day master is a sin method? How many of you? Okay. That one, you don't even need to think. You must start now already.

Okay. Start to be what? Think about your brand, build as authority, make the brand find you, all right? Do a lot of content creation. Either you teach, you speak, you write, whatever.

Venture in social media because the chart already telling you so. Okay. Which means the traditional way of making money slowly, slowly will go away.

And do you realize that nowadays when you walk in a shopping mall, even weekdays are crowded by a lot of people. Do you realize the changes? Normally on weekdays, right? Normally last time is not a lot of people walk in the shopping mall during working hours, but nowadays a lot, it seems like weekend. Okay. 

So now, you know, they don't work. They are not working in this office bound job anymore. Therefore you see the chart. 

There are no single wealth element. Do you realize this? Wealth element, all these people like, because it's represent what? It represent all this, what we call standard way of making, trading your time, your money. So by hopefully with all this, all these five moves here, you're able to actually guide you looking at 2026 and onwards. 

So now what you can do with this? First of all, if you look at the chart here, it says one thing. If you work at an office bound job, get another part-time job, learn how to brand whatever you're good in doing, building your brand up. Because the wealth element is no longer there.

The more you chase it, there'll be more problem. Okay. So learn how to collaborate with people.

Like for example, if you're good in ideas, work with someone that actually have a podcast studio, you know, work with them, build your brand that way. There's so many things you can do. That's not what I say, but it's what the chart say, because the chart says that is wrong. 

No way to compete. Okay. And now if we hear, if your friend share with you a great idea, what you should do, ask them do first. 

You tell them, wow, it's a great idea I ever heard. Okay. I support you emotionally, not money. 

Okay. Emotionally. I support you. 

Go and do it. Yeah. Then if it's good, then you improvise. 

Yeah. It seems bad to do this to your friend, let's say, let's say, don't regard this as a friend, maybe someone, you know, or a certain thing you pick up along the way. Okay. 

So therefore, once you have this understanding, you better equip yourself with, in period nine energy. And remember, I already told you manifesting there are two way. One way you make it as a career or manifesting could mean energy, healing and everything. 

All right. Or blessing even some people that don't like to manifest themselves. Right. 

How many of you are lazy when you don't like to, ah, I don't change, select a time and all this. I better spend time with my kids or family or go for a holiday. How many of you have this kind of mindset? Type the word me is fine. 

Me also like that. Okay. Sometime. 

Okay. Some people it's fine. Some people want to select the date and all those things. 

Right. And you might think, okay, if like that, then how, don't worry. Now, do you know that there's a, so many way to manifest. 

Sometimes you need not to do it yourself. Have you heard about remote manifestation? Also one way, right? So either way, do your best, mix yourself with good energy. Remote manifestation means someone do it on behalf on you. 

And then they send to you remotely because energy does not constrain by distance. I think I did an exercise with some of you here last time about here, right? When I do this, you feel the energy, right? So therefore some people are there, but if you like to do it yourself, then yeah. Find some good dates to do it. 

It make a lot of difference for you. How many of you actually joined the Qimen wealth portal? I did it like last month, I guess. Type the word me. 

Right. So yeah, that one we use what? Date and time. Because without date and time, the manifestation won't go. 

Okay. Wow. Thank you. 

Thank you. Wow. I see so many good response here.

So this is how we read the Bazi chart. Okay. Just now, now let's recap here. 

We talk about few things just now. We talk about all the value that you have based on your value creation box. We talk about talent is overrated. 

Don't look at the talent box anymore. Come on. I'm telling you seriously. 

Okay. The moment you change your mindset, you will actually attract different frequency. Now your goal here is not to work until you retire or not. 

There's no longer everyone dreams right now. Yeah. If you want to tell people you're CEO, people don't respect CEO nowadays. 

You know why? Because now there's a lot of YouTubers that can make more money than CEO. Do you guys agree? So the world is changing. So therefore we know our value. 

The value is to build wealth. So you can, once you make the money, what you need to do? Go back to chapter number one, you listen again. What kind of mindset to build your wealth? Do you see the flow right now? I hope you understand this. 

I don't just teach you something. You need to connect the dots. So once you, the value that I just taught just now on the value box, once you make money, you go back to chapter number one on the five heavenly path, grow money from that. 

Okay. And just now also tell you what to expect in 2026 and also period nine. So pay that, take that into whatever consideration you're doing. 

It will help you to escape a lot of problems. Sometimes it's not about what to do more. You know, sometimes it's what to do less or not to do something. 

Okay, good. So do you understand what you've been learning so far? Type over yes, if I understand it. Okay, cool. 

So, and some of you ask also about, should I follow the period nine job or the top? It's up to you. All right, it's fine. The older job is still there, but it's just less opportunity. 

That's it. Okay, cool. So now this is chapter two. 

Now you're ready. Yeah, you're ready. I also told you, how do you make money post on your Facebook to offer some services? I told, I show you all this while you've noticed chapter number one, chapter number two, I show you all the templates, step-by-step framework, right? It's not hard. 

That is the 20% rule. And once now you're ready, you really listen to all the counsel from the heaven. Chapter number three, after the break, I'm talking about the power of timing. 

Do you want to know when opportunities strike? Now you're in preparation mode, right? Now you exactly know what you should prepare. In chapter number three, I'm talking about time, the opportunity, when the wealth opportunity come, because if you're not prepared, if you haven't gone through chapter one and two, even opportunity come, you cannot capitalize on it. Okay. 

So let's take 15 minutes break. And after we come back, we're talking about the power of timing. Hi, hello. 

Welcome back. How are you guys doing? Okay, good. All right. 

Okay. So, I saw Karin Ng ask, can I have the 2026 sponsor chart? Okay. All right. 

Later, I'll say later, I go to ask them to send to you, Karin. I mean, to the diagram group, so everyone can get the 2026 chart. Are you guys okay with that? Okay. 

After today's session. Okay. Because now they need to focus on the current session first. 

Later, I'm going to ask them to send one copy to you. Okay. So I also noticed during the break just now, some of you asking, remember on first chapter number one, we talk about every year, what we should do, right? We always look at the top element, right? Okay. 

The top element. Do you guys follow me? Remember back to chapter number one, instead of focusing on the NATO, the lock pillar, we got the 2025 annual element, the top one. The only problems here right now, you might wondering, hey, how about 2026? What should I follow? But if you are learn metaphysics before, you can easily know. 

Next year is a pink fire on top and pink fire means what is the 10 God means to you. But I know some of you here, you haven't learned about 10 Gods. You don't know. 

Can I give you a technique to discover that as well? Do you want that? I can show you quickly how to do that. Because some of you don't, I'm not trained with Pazer, right? You say, okay, because the Pazer chart show 2025, what about 2026? It's very simple. Let me share with you first. 

First of all, you just look at your own Pazer chart. Okay. So this is a sample Pazer chart. 

All right. So let me just, okay. All right. 

Cool. So this chart here, let's say, just imagine this is your chart. You know that next year, next year, this is 2025. 

This is 2025. You know that next year, 2026 is a pink fire. Yeah.

You must know this first. Okay. It's a pink fire. 

Yeah. It's a, I told you earlier on the, on the chart, right? 2026 is a fire horse. It's a pink fire. 

So, but you don't know what is pink fire means to you. So the way to do this is like this. You scroll down.

Okay. You look for where pink fire is. Okay. 

For this person is here. So what is stated here? Direct resource. What direct resource is? What is the direct resource? Leverage for this person.

Okay. So now let's do one more. I'm just in case one more. 

Let's say for this person. Okay. This person, different chart. 

Next year is a pink fire year. You want to know what to do? You just actually need to look at where the, you see a pink fire here. Okay. 

So what is a pink fire for this person? Rock wealth. Rock wealth stands for what? Do you still remember? What is rock wealth stands for? Yes. Correct. 

So for this person is branding. Now, look back at your own chart, check for next year, what you should do and type in the chat box right now. I want you to practice it. 

Anything you do, you practice, you own it, right? You just listen passively. You won't start. Okay. 

Now, you know, right? So this is like a pink fire. How about 2027? You know, 227 is a thing way, right? 227 is a thing fire on top. So yeah. 

So for this person, 2026 is here. 2027 is here and so on to it and so on. Okay. 

So you might go through two years. It's the same. So it's very clear. 

Okay. So for me, for me is, uh, my day master is a pink fire. When I next year is a pink fire, right? So I see friend element. 

What will you advise me to do next year? I'm a friend element. I see another friend branding. Okay. 

So guess what I'm going to do next year? Yeah, I'll do, I'll focus a lot of my energy into branding if possible. Okay. Yeah. 

Basically what I'm telling you, I following it. Okay. Yeah. 

So how many of you here, you also a pink fire or a pink fire, right? You see that the next two years, you know, the way to maximize your wealth potential is through branding. Isn't it easy? Yeah. Rather than read, oh, there's a clash, there's emptiness, there's an inner combination. 

There's a tree harmony. No need to, once you do that, you're wasting your time. And the only thing you cannot buy back is all the time you lost on com you complexify everything. 

Have you heard, uh, uh, have you been in a conversation with a wise people and you realize all the solution is very simple, so basic, but profoundly effective. Yeah. But you ask for those people that, that don't know much, they give you 10 suggestion. 

You also don't know which one is which the more you hear, the more you confuse, you have say something like, depends on what you like. You know, if you do this also good, do that also good. So in the end, you're hearing nothing. 

Okay. A wise person will tell something for you to think about and awaken inside you. Right? So parts are reading also the same, but if you are someone that need all the confirmation in the chart, ensure that it's a fact, there are no flaws in it. 

You can wait forever as if they want to go from your house to a destination to wait until all the traffic light is green. No way. Okay. 

So you need to know every time you dog, you try to think of where you, you, you're actually wasting time and you cannot get it back. That's a problem. All right. 

So therefore, uh, this is the part here. So Raymond asked, can we create value by investing? Investing? I'm going to talk about tomorrow. Okay. 

Because investing is money work hard for you. It's no, you create value. You guys. 

Yeah. There must be a process. All right. 

Yeah. That is important. Raymond, don't worry. 

I'm going to cover it tomorrow. You remind me again, just in case I forget. Unlikely I will, but just for you to feel better, I allow you to remind me again. 

Okay. Don't worry. It's part of here. 

I'm going to deliver the investment part. Yeah. But not now. 

Why? Wrong timing, wrong sequence. Yeah. That's why when we putting a cost, there must be a sequence. 

There be a right number to dial to get to the receiver you want to talk to. Okay. All right. 

So now I also saw some of you, just now you made the request of this. Okay. This one. 

Okay. Can you guys send this to them? Chapter two, just now. Do you want this? All right. 

What to create, what to sell this also super important. I, yeah, you should have this as well. So you want age in your memory, you want to exercise this. 

Okay. Sell and create. Now you remember this. 

You can do, but what if these two elements are also the same? Yeah. Remember just now the year represent what to sell. Right. 

And then what, then what if these two elements are also the same, which means what? You can do both. Yeah. You do your, right. 

It's like someone that marketing that cafe. They're also the chef, you know, that can do two things at the same time. Yeah. 

Some people have this capability to do it. How many of you have both also the same? Yeah. Type the word me. 

Okay. Good. So which means one day cake. 

Yeah. One day cake means you do everything. Who asked everything you also know to do, you know, to create also know how to sell.

Yeah. It's a destiny in Cantonese. We call this low look, man.

You know, as low look, man, laborious life, because you know, everything, somehow you feel like you want to do everything because no one are better than you. Right. Because it's part of your competence box. 

That's the thing. Okay. Good. 

All right. So now I'm going to allocate like five to 10 minutes here for a Q and A. Okay. So now you can ask me questions if you want related has to be related to chapter number one and two. 

How about chapter three? Some of you might ask. No, because I haven't teach chapter three yet. Okay. 

All right. So, okay. I will not ask for manifestation. 

What if it's done on achievement? Don't worry about it. You think too much. Okay. 

Because you manifest on your destiny chart, destiny chart. There are no negative or positive. It's only whether it align to your, what you want or not. 

Yeah. For example, destiny chart. But I know some of you here, you haven't learned about 10 gods. 

You don't know. Can I give you a technique to discover that as well? Do you want that? I can show you quickly how to do that. Well, some of you don't, I'm not trained in Bazaar, right? You say, okay, because the Bazaar chart show 225. 

What about 226? It's very simple. Let me share with you first. First of all, you just look at your own Bazaar chart. 

Okay. So this is a sample Bazaar chart. All right. 

So let me just, okay. All right. Cool. 

So this chart here, let's say, just imagine this is your chart. You know that next year, next year, this is 2025. This is 2025. 

You know that next year, 2026 is a pink fire. Yeah. You must know this first. 

Okay. It's a pink fire. Yeah. 

It's a, I told you earlier on, on the, on the chart, right? 2026 is a fire horse. It's a pink fire. So, but you don't know what is pink fire means to you. 

So the way to do this is like this. You scroll down. Okay. 

You look for where pink fire is. Okay. For this person is here. 

So what is stated here? Direct resource. What direct resource is? What is the direct resource? Leverage for this person. Okay. 

So now let's do one more. Just in case one more. Let's say for this person. 

Okay. This person, different chart. Next year is a pink fire year.

You want to know what to do? You just actually need to look at where the, you see a pink fire here. Okay. So what is a pink fire for this person? Rockwell. 

Rockwell stands for what? Do you still remember? What is Rockwell stands for? Yes. Correct. So for this person is branding. 

Now look back at your own chart, check for next year what you should do and type in the chat box right now. I want you to practice it. Anything you do, you practice, you own it, right? You just listen passively. 

You won't start. Okay. Now, you know, right? So just like a pink fire. 

How about 2027? You know, 227 is a, is a, is a thing way, right? 227 is a thing fire on top. So yeah. So for this person, 2026 is here.

2027 is here and so on to it and so on. Okay. So you might go through two years is the same.

So it's very clear. Okay. So for me, for me is, uh, my day master is a pink fire. 

When I, next year is a pink fire, right? So I see a friend. What would you advise me to do next year? I'm a friend element. I see another friend branding. 

Okay. So guess what I go to do next year? Yeah. I'll do, I'll focus a lot of my energy into branding if possible.

Okay. Yeah. Basically what I'm telling you, I following it. 

Okay. Yeah. So how many of you here, you also a pink fire or a pink fire, right? You see that the next two years, you know, the way to maximize your wealth potential is through branding. 

Isn't it easy? Yeah. Rather than read or there's a clash, there's an emptiness. There's an inner combination.

There's a tree harmony. No need to, once you do that, you're wasting your time. And the only thing you cannot buy back is all the time you lost on comp, you complexify everything. 

Have you heard, uh, uh, have you been in a conversation with a wise people and you realize all the solution is very simple. So basic, but profoundly effective. Yeah. 

But you ask for those people that, that don't know much, they give you 10 suggestion. You also don't know which one is which the more you hear, the more you confuse. You have say something like depends on what you like. 

You know, if you do this also good, do that also good. So in the end, you're hearing nothing. Okay. 

A wise person will tell something for you to think about and awaken inside you. Right? So reading also the same, but if you are someone that need all the confirmation in the chart, ensure that it's a perfect, there are no flaws in it. You can wait forever as if they want to go from your house to a destination to wait until all the traffic light is green. 

No way. Okay. So you need to know every time you dock, you try to think over you, you, you're actually wasting time and you cannot get it back. 

That's a problem. All right. So therefore this is the part here.

So Raymond Lim asked, can we create value by investing? Investing I'm going to talk about tomorrow. Okay. Because investing is money work hard for you. 

It's no you create value. You guys, yeah, there must be a process. All right. 

Yeah. That is important. Raymond Lim, don't worry. 

I'm going to cover it tomorrow. You remind me again, just in case I forget. Unlikely I will, but just for you to feel better. 

I allow you to remind me again, Raymond. Okay. Don't worry. 

It's part of here. I'm going to talk, I'm going to deliver the investment part. Yeah. 

But not now. Why? Wrong timing, wrong sequence. Yeah. 

That's why when we putting a cost, there must be a sequence. There be a right number to dial to get to the receiver you want to talk to. Okay. 

All right. So now I also saw some of you just now you make a request of this. Okay. 

This one. Okay. Can you guys send this to them? Chapter two just now. 

Do you want this? All right. What do you create? What do you sell? This also super important. I, yeah, you should have this as well. 

So the amount each in your memory, you want to exercise this. Okay. Sell and create. 

I remember this. You can do, but what if these two elements are also the same? Yeah. Remember just now, the year I present what to sell. 

Right. And then what, then what if these two element also the same, which means what you can do both. Yeah. 

You do your, it's like someone that marketing that cafe. They also the chef, you know, they can do two things at the same time. Yeah. 

Some people have this capability to do it. How many of you have both? Also the same. Yeah. 

Okay. Good. So which means one decade. 

Yeah. One decade means you do everything. Yeah. 

Who asked everything you also know to do, you know, to create also know how to sell. Yeah. It's a destiny in Cantonese. 

We call this low look, man, you know, as low look, man, laborious life, because you know, everything, somehow you feel like you want to do everything because no one are better than you. Right. Because it's part of your competence box.

That's the thing. Okay. Good. 

All right. So now I'm going to allocate like five to 10 minutes here for a Q and A. Okay. So now you can ask me questions if you want related has to be related to chapter number one and two. 

How about chapter three? Some of you might ask. No, because I haven't teach chapter three yet. Okay. 

All right. So, okay. Aruna asks for manifestation.

What if it's done on achievement? Don't worry about it. You think too much. Okay. 

Because you manifest on your destiny chart, destiny chart, there are no negative or positive. It's only whether it aligned to your, what you want about. Yeah. 

For example, destiny chart, you see a gun metal. It doesn't mean bad. Because remember chapter number one, we talk about our destiny chart to do manifestation. 

So you need not to worry about Yin, Fan, Fan, Yin, Fan, Fan, whatever Fan or Yin. Don't worry. Okay. 

Let's see here. Chapter number one. Achievement. 

Should I apply NO10 god star with achievement destiny? No. Why do you want to make things so complicated? Saikan? Okay. I think life is already complicated.

Some more you want to overlay the NO. No. Overlay so many things, right? Does not mean it's good.

Right. Okay. So don't think like that. 

I just want to overlay a piece of pizza with hamburger and then with something so many salad or whatever, it become mixed. So your result become mixed. You cannot track results. 

Yeah. One thing I realized that a lot of people think combination makes the result more powerful. No. 

I know all of us here attracted to, if I can link Pazhi with achievement with Feng Shui, with date selection, with Yijing, then it will become powerful. It just create a good story to hear about. Oh, okay. 

Now it makes sense connecting. But actually it does nothing. But if you like to watch movie, you enjoy drama, you go to that direction. 

Yeah. So what you want to focus on 20 and 80%, we only focus on things that matter. One punch, if you're able to beat your opponent down is the best technique.

Okay. Have you heard about the one punch technique by Bruce Lee? Yeah. That's all. 

One blow that good enough to kill someone. Yeah. So you're crushing it that way.

Are you guys okay with this? Yeah. Otherwise, right. There's so many fear in Pazhi.

Oh, I see emptiness. Oh, I will say, you don't notice there's a D. I notice I just ignore. Can you ignore something? Yes. 

Why not? You wouldn't come up from the people and kill you or something, right? So when you ignore something, you focus, then you're able to create results. Yeah. Okay. 

So you think about this, right? A lot of people ask me, Hey, I was in, because there was a time I'm in, uh, uh, you know, a lot, a lot of talks, right? After the talk, a lot of people queuing up and then they're asking me questions. And so there are one time here, there's like hundreds of people. They're queuing up one by one, you know, how tiring it is.

Almost. I want to help them because my topic, they're talking about entrepreneurship. So the thing here is every time they ask me a question, I wasn't, can I, uh, according to my chart, can I, should I start a business or not? And every time I see the chart, I'll say no.

And then my assistant is just next to me after like half an hour. I keep saying, no, actually, my job is pretty easy. You know, I just say, no, no, no, no. 

He said, I was in, do you actually look at that chart? Although you're pretending like you're looking, but actually you're not, I was in, you know, what's happening here. Then I tell them, no, it's not like that. I say that those people who want to start a business won't ask that question.

Do you realize this? They won't. Anyone that says, should I start a business means that they are not ready. From that question alone, we can tell one, you know, right? So when someone they're obsessive, that's why it's the focus point. 

So when we look at BaZi also the same, if you want something, you focus on it. We don't care. We want to get results, right? We know that life is not perfect.

You don't think next thing you will got headache or something are not working your way. They'll always be. So if the safest one you want is you don't go out, that's the safest.

So after you get old, people ask you, what's your achievement? I'm very safe. Nothing bad happened to me. Is that what achievement you want? Then you guys can do it. 

But now, can you okay to have some courage to apply BaZi? If you don't have courage, you cannot make money. I'm sorry. The difference between someone that make more money than you is not because they're brighter than you. 

It's just that the courage to start something and ignore something that is not important. It seems like terrible, but it's not. Okay. 

All right. Now, so, and let me ask, answer cheat. Cheater wiki. 

Is Anita chart is low, luck pillar is average and Anna chart is fast? Does money mean super fast? Okay. I already addressed the Monday question already. So you watch the replay. 

All right. Because the month basically talking about month selection to execute activities. It shouldn't use to determine direction of what you should do every year. 

Do you understand guys? Do you understand or not? I know a lot of people. How about the month? Month basically is about which one is better to do something, but what is the something has to determine by the year, not the month. Okay. 

All right. Cool. So let's see what other question. 

Okay. Kieran told us if next year fire is heavy and my day master is paying fire tips on how not to overburden. Who say you get overburden Kieran? No, you won't. 

Yeah. This is not the real fire, you know, Kieran. So if you see fire, what does it mean? It means that, you know, branding, yeah. 

Making, making more friends that what you should do. Don't worry. You won't get burned.

If you really cannot, you still worry. I advise you to apply some sunscreen. Okay.

And you're fine. Don't worry. You won't get burned that way. 

Okay. So let's see. Okay. 

Karen Bonora asks, I'm still not clear how to transform what to create and what to sell meaning from original. This one, you need to watch replay at this problem. So first of all, what to sell and what to do, it depends on the value box. 

Okay. Let me show you this. You, for example, if this is a chart, you want to know what to sell, you look at here, then you refer back to the five slides, sorry, 10 slides I sent to you. 

You look at it. Okay. And if you want to know what to create, what to learn, what skill to acquire, you look at the month pillar because it tells you what to create. 

Then you look back at the same slide, but you look from the angle to learn the skill. Okay. What to sell, you look at the year. 

Okay. Understand. Okay. 

So Karen say, yes, but example is DR is teaching. Yes, exactly. So DR is teaching is like this. 

If you, if you are, if your DR is in your month means you acquired teaching skill, you'd be a consultant. You can be a speaker, anything that got to do with exchange knowledge to others. Information is power to you. 

But if this resource element, that resource is in what to sell. So let's say I'm a teacher right now. You're helping me to sell Born for Wealth program. 

How about that? Karen Bonora. Yeah. So now you're helping a teacher because you sell.

Okay. So like that. Understand Karen. 

Okay. Cherry Ng asked about investment again. I haven't thought about investment. 

Okay. Don't jump first. Otherwise you get confused.

Now we're talking about how wealth creation happened. I was talking about how to grow what you have yet. Okay. 

Cherry Ng. Can you wait until tomorrow? Chapter number six, pages number five. Next, next tomorrow. 

Be patient. Okay. Lina Chua asked, can you upload the five heavenly moves slide? Already uploaded. 

Okay. Check again. Okay. 

Josephine asked me, can I get the presentation slide is from the Telegram channel. Okay. So now this question from Sony, I have a D O for selling it and difficult for me to see with my EG in my mind.

Can you please help me, Iverson? So if it's difficult, then don't do. Okay. Don't blame the EG in your mind. 

EG is innocent. Yeah. It's very simple in life. 

I know you do or you don't. Yeah. Like ask someone to be a speaker. 

You say, Oh, but I don't like to be, I don't like to talk. I'm low profile. Then don't do. 

Okay. I don't want you guys to think like is forcing you to do something. Right. 

Just give you a suggestion. Remember it's a council. It's kind enough and good enough to tell you information. 

If you don't like, it's fine. Yeah. Because even you don't listen, the puzzle is not that revengeful that you're going to actually, you get struck by lightning or something. 

No. Okay. Yeah. 

It just means that it's just telling you that is the maximum path you can create. Okay. I do have the fear.

No, it's fine. But it's very forgiving. If it's a person, right. 

It's someone that they don't care. You do whatever you like. Okay. 

Yeah. I, my job here is to give you advice. You deal with that part. 

Okay. Do becoming a pioneer means don't start something, which is new, not done by others. Yes. 

It's better get someone do first. Yeah. Don't be impulsive. 

If the thing haven't done before. Ask your friend to do it first. Okay. 

Okay. Joy Chan asked, how would you advise a teenager student on the value creation and self-creation? The same way I talked to you just now. Just give them the paper. 

I slide, you share. I just share with you. Search on the job street or whatever job search website. 

And then the job will come out, ask them to apply there. Okay. Kyoko asked, what if you're already a pioneer? Okay. 

How do you know you're a pioneer? Okay. I don't, I don't understand the question, right? What if you're already a pioneer, which means that in the future, you want to be a pioneer or what? Okay. You rephrase your question.

Okay. Sharon asked on the point, don't chase wealth. Would us using Chinese metaphysics focus on wealth be chasing wealth? No. 

Right. Don't chase wealth means that the nine to five job is not longer popular. That's what it means, right? Chinese Feng Shui or whatever can use to create wealth. 

Don't confuse between two, right? When I say don't chase wealth, because the wealth element is missing in the chart. So which means that the nine to five kind of nature doesn't, it's kind of obsolete. And eventually if you don't have a second income job, you have problems.

Okay. Kyoto asked, we already pioneered with all companies since three years ago. It's good.

All right. Now is what happened from now onwards. Whatever you use to get, you get to keep.

Because 2026 don't happening yet. So when I say don't be the first one is on 2026 onwards, it doesn't erase what you did previously. Okay. 

Kyoto, don't worry about it. All right. Okay.

Gina asked, does being a self-employed also fall under nine to five? No. All right. Self-employed depends how you run it. 

Well, self-employed the word actually is a very subjective. So basically nine to five is someone control you. You need to report from nine to five. 

You trade using hours. Self-employed means you don't exchange your time with money because you can earn more than that because you have the power to choose. Because you're trading performance for money. 

You're not trading time for money. Okay. But nine to five job, whether you like it or not, money are nine to five. 

You need to be there. And almost every month, you know, how much roughly you're going to earn. And then after one year, you know, roughly going to earn. 

Right. But if you're self-employed, yeah, then you choose to do what maybe one day you just do one hour, but your one hour equivalent to one year of your nine to five job. Okay. 

But now the point here is Gina, the chart does not say you should resign and do a self-employed job. The chart doesn't say that. They just say that, get another part-time business to do. 

Everyone clear on this? Not only Gina, I'm glad you asked this question because a lot of people, then they say the chart no wealth element means that they need to resign. No, it's the worst thing to do. Yeah. 

Because Apple, the fire element is so strong, everyone impulsive, they just resign, resign, resign. Then after that, they regret. Okay. 

Connie Yup say, what if the company always focusing on the first to start a trend, then you're shorting their stocks. Okay. You make money.

Although this is not, right. If you know the company is doing something, you check, right. If you know they're heading in the wrong direction.

Okay. They spend a lot of money. It's trying to be the first. 

So sometimes they've got this problem. Okay. You know, stock, you can make money. 

Not only the stock is increased, right. You can make money while the stock is decreasing as well. Okay, good. 

Now let's start the, this topic here is about, uh, timing. How have you liked the concept of timing that, you know, that, you know, by just working hard, that's not, uh, the only factor you also need to do it at the right time. Right. 

So, and therefore we're going to talk about this in this, uh, chapter number three. So before that, I know some of you just joining in. So this is a telegram channel. 

You just, uh, scan and you're good to go. All right. So five seconds, five, four, three, two, one done. 

Okay. So now on this chapter number three, let me, uh, show you where we are. We just are on the early 6 PM. 

Just now we thought about chapter number one, unlocking the gates of heavenly wealth. And then chapter number two, just thought about seven figure wealth creation blueprint, which is a heaven council, which means that you taking advice and now you know your value, everything you're prepared. Then we lead to the seven wealth figure blueprint is still the same under the same category, but we're talking about wealth timing. 

Okay. And timing, as you know, that is super important. Yeah. 

There's always a timing for everything. When we say, uh, timing, means universe time. For example, something you cannot force, right? You want to get, you want to have a baby, you know, with an, an, at least seven months, for example, right? So you cannot force something. 

So by doing things at the right time, you feel empowered, you are supported and you can multiply the rewards. So basically that is the power of timing. So this is under the heaven realm of it. 

And in metaphysics, this is something that a lot of people, uh, metaphysics guy, I'll emphasize a lot into it. Okay. So now how do we do this here is I want all of you here, uh, to take out your pattern chart. 

So I want you to actually look at, uh, this thing called, I will introduce you one concept here is called celestial wealth. Okay. So before I talk more about it, I wanted to know if you know, you know, how to catch the wealth signal. 

Yeah. Like things is coming your way. Opportunity is coming. 

How many of you have this instinct? You know, it's coming. You don't know why sometimes, you know, okay. In Cantonese, we call it, it's coming. 

Nowadays, there's one rapper say that, right? So some people have this, but 95% of people cannot feel it. If you have it is good. So this chapter is about timing. 

It's about identifying the wealth signal from the heaven. Okay. So when we know even better before it comes with Bazaar, you can, uh, you can do it. 

And you're going to know it after this session already. The, the importance of timing is that is a lot of time. Uh, people talk about success happened when preparation meet opportunities, right? Have you heard about this? So, and another way I'm telling you here is fortune happens when preparation meets wealth timing. 

Yeah. There are such thing called the wealth timing. So the first one I'm going to talk about here, there are two powerful techniques that I'm going to share with you. 

The first one is called celestial wealth. So let me explain to you what celestial wealth is. Let me show you the slide first, something like this. 

Okay. So let's show wealth. So celestial wealth here is, um, it's something that is rare. 

First of all, that's why I tell you something is powerful. All right. It's very powerful. 

The name itself is also know, right? Celestial. Come on. So it's not only for money timing is also a time when you receive Norman help wealth opportunities that flow naturally into your life. 

I'm not saying everyone get those timing, but if you have it, I want you to actually focusing on those time. Okay. So now the whole concept of celestial actually are based on this concept. 

Let me show you again. What do you see here? Triangle. Okay. 

So this is, uh, in metaphysics, we call this, uh, what heaven of men align in this West. How many of you here are in Western astrology? Type the word me if you're into Western astrology as well. Okay, good. 

So you might have heard about the three planets roughly in 120 degrees apart. You form a triangle, right? And there's a special phenomenon. So therefore, and also if you look at pyramid, how many of you went to Egypt before you thought about that trying is a triangle alignment, right? The triangle is alignment. 

The pyramid itself is manifestation is a realization. So, which means the concept of this triangle or the great trying is actually is being applied across. Uh, I mean, different civilization in summary, when you see something form, a triangle is about alignment is about the birth or creation and is stabilized because the triangle mean everything is stable and that's where growth happened. 

So when the group happened is not something like just for one night or overnight success, this is something you can carry on for a very long time. So it's stable. Okay. 

So therefore in this, uh, this election, a lot of people actually do this, that regard this as a special day. Yeah. Some of this.

So how do this work here? Let me introduce you to how do you see when this celestial wealth is coming. So first of all, I want you to do one thing. You look at your day master.

What element is your day master type in the chat box quickly. By now you should know by heart, right? You need not to look at your chart again. Okay, good. 

So now there are 10 possibility. Remember I sent you a slide on, uh, on chapter number one, there are five elements, each element got, um, yin and yang. So made of 10, right? So right now I want you to disregard whether it's yin or yang, either your fire, either your water, metal, wood, or earth. 

So only possible five elements. So now I go to show you this chart first. Don't worry. 

I'm going to send to you shortly, but listen first. Okay. So now if your day master is fire, let's say, uh, I don't care whether it's yin or yang, as long as fire element, your celestial element is snake, rooster, and ox. 

If you learn Pazhi before, these are the three harmony. When you see a snake, rooster, and ox together, you form the triangle. If you look at 24 mountain, you know, so this, uh, you form a triangle there. 

Okay. So if you don't know Pazhi before, it's fine. Yeah. 

Now you have this table. That's all you need. So how many of you here, your day master is wood, either is yin or yang. 

Okay, good. So now your celestial wealth is tiger, horse, and dog. Okay, cool. 

All right. So now guys, can you send this, uh, powerful slide to them? Okay. Do you receive it? Let me check first. 

Otherwise you cannot concentrate. Right. Let me check for you. 

Oh, now that's just sent to you. Okay. You have it. 

So you're not going to missing out anything now. How do we get this? Okay. Let me explain the concept.

Animal sign in Pazhi represent timing. Yeah. I remember this. 

Yeah. Why the animal sign exists in the chart? It represent timing because the animal sign will tell you which season you're born, which element is strong in your chart based on the season. So you're talking about date selection, animal sign also important. 

So which means, uh, the thing here is if you are fire, when you see this tree element appearing, it form the celestial wealth. Yeah. The concept is the same. 

So if water, if you see this tree element together, you also, uh, it give you, that is the time where the celestial wealth come. Metal, they need this tree together. Wood, you need this tree together. 

And then the earth, you need this, uh, tree together as well. Okay. All right. 

So, um, some of you ask why these two is the same is supposed to be the same. Okay. Don't, you need to concentrate. 

Okay. Instead of listening, you go and compare which one is different, which one is the same. I know it's the same and it's supposed to be like that.

Okay. You know why? Because there are only four seasons. There are no earth season. 

Yeah. That is the explanation. So the earth season is actually the summer season because summer fire is strong. 

Earth equally is strong. Okay. That is a technical explanation, but it's irrelevant.

All right. You should focus on what I'm telling you. Now we're going to find out which one is different, whether it's a mistake or not. 

Why we waste energy doing this? Okay, guys. Yeah. You must have faith. 

You know, it's not like, Oh, I get the information wrong. No, no. You're getting everything exactly right. 

Okay. If you're like that, you're very stressed in your life. You know, everything also must have faults. 

So Angelica say, I don't understand. Don't worry. That question is not, the answer is not for you because someone asked why this and this is the same. 

Some people ask this question. They notice this, right? So I explain to those people. Okay. 

So Angelica, you don't understand is fine because it does not change or the way you benefit from today's session. Okay. So the one who is the one asking the question just now about this now, do you know the answer? Okay. 

So it's because there are only four seasons, so there are no earth season. Therefore we use the summer season applied to wood. If you don't understand this, the rest of you, it's fine. 

That is for to help who answered this. Okay. Chantry. 

All right. Okay. Good. 

Now more important is how to use it. Now we'll share with you how to use it. You got this table already? Type the word. 

Yes. You've got this table. Okay, good. 

So now let's move on. I will go through one by one. I don't worry today. 

I discover I'm very patient. So I will address each of the five day master because normally I just address one day master. Then that's it. 

Okay. Now, fire element. How many of you here? Hold on. 

Let me just share it again. This is for all the day master. If you're okay. 

What am I? Hold on. Hold on. Just give me a sec. 

Okay. Ready now. I bring back the slide again.

So now this is for those people who are Yang fire. Okay. Yang fire. 

Right? So these three elements, you know, I just derived from the chart, make it easier. So you need not to go back and forth to refer to this information. Okay. 

For this three. So which means if you're Yang fire, you need to see this. Let's say right now you have a ox here.

Let's say imagine. So this one already fulfilled, right? Okay, cool. So, and let's say right now you're going through a rooster. 

Oh, it's too small. Can I put KFC here? Kentucky Fried Chicken. Okay. 

So you see a rooster here. Now, second one, this one is done. Now what is missing here? What is missing? Snake, right? So what if this year 2025, isn't it a snake year? So you get three.

So for this person here, 2025 is where he met Celestial Wealth timing. Super powerful year. What if he did nothing few years before? What happened? What if he did nothing? He's very lazy. 

He didn't get preparation. What will happen to that? Nothing. Yeah. 

They see opportunities, but it just pass them by as if they are not there. Okay. But if you know this earlier, can you prepare or not? Yes, it is. 

Okay. So here it form a triangle. Everyone clear? Okay. 

Let me give another scenario here. What if this person got ox, got KFC. I just put a rooster. 

It's too long already. And then they got two already. Let's say what is missing? Snake, right? So if this year is a snake year, 2025 is a snake.

So can you form a, uh, these three element together? Yes. Okay. This way here, can you bypass the lock pillar? Yes. 

You bypass the lock pillar because you already have two here, right? You just need one more. Snake year. Some people, they have two in their chart. 

How good of you here? You are your fire day master. You already have two in your pattern chart. Any of these three, you already have two. 

Cut the word me. Okay. So if you already have two, let's say you have ox, you have rooster.

So all you need, all the snake year is good for you. You should plan already. Good. 

Okay. But now the criteria here is one of these must be in your natal chart first, any of these three. Otherwise you need not to analyze already. 

You won't have it. Okay. So let's say this person is fire and then the chart, this is monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey.

Will this person have celestial wealth or not? Will this person? No, because the first criteria, the first way to analyze one of these three celestial wealth has to be in your chart first. One, if don't have, need not to analyze. It's not part of the destiny is fine. 

There are so many wealth method. They are later going to introduce another wealth method for you. So this one is not for you. 

So you want to know the solution. If you don't have any of this, you want to know the solution. Okay. 

Very simple, yet very powerful. Accept it and move forward. The best solution ever. 

If you start saying, telling everyone, you are the victim here, why I don't have this, you're wasting your time. You should use your time, use other method. Okay.

All right. Write it down. Yeah. 

This is a 1 million worth of solution for you. Accept it and move on. Okay. 

Now, what if, what if you have snake, you have rooster, you have snake, you have rooster, and then you see an ox here. Can I form one? Yes. Okay. 

So can I say that these 10 years got big opportunity come or a big, big true coming? Yes. Yes. So the only criteria here is one of this and either this, this, or this has to be in your chart first. 

That's it. That's the only requirement. If not, you are not part of this slasher wealth destiny and it's perfectly fine.

Okay. So now some of you say, if I don't have it in the year, can I look at the month? No. Maximum is year. 

Okay. So basically it's a natal chart, luck pillar and the year. You zoom down there, cannot. 

So Lily, they say, if I got two snake here, is it considered one animal sign or is it considered two? One. Because it's still a same family member. I know some, some of you might think, right, I got two snake here. 

I got, then I got rooster. Is it four? No, it's just two, right? Snake, rooster. You need another ox here Lily. 

I cannot cheat the system. Lily, I know you are very intelligent. Okay. 

Okay. Kyoto say I'm in acceptance. Very good. 

Okay. So now, so the, the, in summary, the tree need to present to four months. Okay. 

Alicia asked, how about this tree also in the chart? This one means that you have a great destiny in terms of wealth. How many of you have three together in a chart? Basically you can lock off right now. Okay. 

You don't need to attend this anymore. Okay. Yeah. 

So this is, um, is powerful. So which means you carry a huge burden as if like you need to outperform your previous generation and with more ability come with more responsibility. Right. 

So if you have three, there's no reason at all. You are poor. There's no reason. 

I'm acceptable to be poor. Right. So which means if you have three, you're so poor, whose fault is this? You. 

Some things, how you mess it up and the sin is unforgiven. Okay. I'm not that scary. 

All right. But you know that you have three is quite, it's kind of like a special chart already. Okay. 

So it's good if I have three, but also normally those people that go through a life is very high responsive. They actually carry a huge burden that take care of their family and everything. So that consider one of the special chart. 

Okay. And normally they are a bit extreme. Okay, cool. 

So I think you get the meaning here, right? So let me just clear this. Let's move to the next one. Water also the same. 

If you're water, I won't repeat everything. So if you're water, it means that if you see any of those, just like just now, you see a dog, a horse or tiger, you can form it. Like for example, you have a dog here and then you got this tiger and then 2026 is what animal signs? Horse. 

Triangle. So you can say, Hey, if you discover someone got this kind of chart, how many of you have this kind of formation? Because you know, next year will be a horse. You just need a dog and tiger to fulfill it. 

Okay. David, Zach. I saw Zach, David here. 

Okay. You have it, right? So, and then Mondry say your one is 2027 is fine. So what is your next step? Become good friend of David. 

And then Mondry says is 2027. After that only talk to Mondry. This is priority setting. 

Pralukas say, uh, month is not included. No, month pillar is not included. Okay. 

Yeah. So David, it's your time. Let's show wealth. 

So I am, I'm glad that you actually attended today's program. So you know something you can do to work on it. Somehow I think you're blessed in one way. 

I think you align or you sing with the heaven energy. Okay. You know, it takes so many things to happen for you to be here. 

And yet you have it and you receive this information in very timely way, because it's just like next year haven't happened yet. And you still have time to prepare for it. I don't think it's easy. 

I think God must love you very much, David. Okay. You're a darling from Moscow. 

All right, cool. Guys, the rest of you, do you see this? Yeah. Yeah. 

This is, uh, uh, slash your wealth. Okay. Now I think you sort of like getting it already. 

I won't, I won't go through the rest of it here. So let me just, unless there's something you don't understand, you can ask me. Okay. 

The rest is basically, okay. Logis run. How about horse? Lockpillar is tiger and I'm missing tiger. 

No, you cannot. Right. If your current lockpillar is tiger, then you're not missing tiger. 

You're missing dog. Right. Okay. 

So if I'm missing the dog means that you wait for the dog. Yeah. Okay. 

Not getting a dog as a pet. All right. I know some people are crazy. 

They're doing this now. Okay. Wait for the dog. 

Yeah. Then you become super powerful. Okay. 

Logis run say 2030. Okay. Wow. 

You need just another five years. Come on. All right. 

Okay. It's fine. Okay, cool. 

I think you guys understand this. Okay. I, I Vinash asked, is it has to be present lockpillar? Yes. 

Has to be present lockpillar. Okay. For example, it's a very good question. 

Let's say you have a dog here. For example, you have a dog here and then you have a tiger here. Let's say. 

So now you're not there. You cannot consider this. You only consider what is inside here. 

Okay. Good. So you always, it's a very good question. 

We always look at the current lockpillar animal sign. Everyone clear? Guys. Yeah. 

This is so important. Now I'm teaching you. This is a one Stanley. 

Okay. Not a lot of people get access to this. If they have to access on this, that pays, I don't know how much you're going to pay for this. 

So it's worth your time to track it. If you're able to track this, you're powerful because you're forming the triangle of wealth where the heaven, earth, and men align. Okay. 

You, you, have you read a book called Darbin Seafood? Read it before? Dan Brown, is it the author? Have you read that book before? You look at his harmony combination. That's where it lead to breakthrough of his career. You look at it.

Are you later on? Not now. You try to plot Dan Brown pattern. Okay, cool. 

All right. I don't think I need to go through the remaining two element, right? It's the same thing. It's just the special element is different. 

Okay, cool. All right. So now I know that some of you here don't have this special element. 

How many of you here, you don't have this special element? Okay. And you start to almost want to cry already. Okay. 

So now you say, why me? Right. Don't worry. Don't worry. 

Okay. So if special element or the heaven element doesn't work, how about, how about we do the man realm? How about that? Okay. The man realm. 

Yeah. Man realm is also a very powerful technique. And in order to do that, I want to explain, okay, let me show you this chart first. 

I want you to download this chart. Guys, can you send this to them first or not? Now you need not to think anything. All right. 

Just download. That's it. So at least you can concentrate on what I'm going to say. 

Okay. When you have this, it's like this. In wealth element, let me show the chart again.

When we study wealth, wealth is the element you control. Now remember this, because for making money, you need to control it, right? So you need to own something you need to control. That's why on chapter number one, IW and DW is ownership. 

You don't control. So if you are a fire, if your fire element, which means your, what fire control? Fire control metal. Basically any element you control is, is, is your wealth. 

So if you're fire, when you see metal, it's wealth. Okay. So if you're water, water control what? Water control fire, right? So if you're water, day master, you see fire also wealth for you.

Okay. This is no longer celestial wealth. All right. 

This one is a man realm. Because you're so depressed about celestial wealth, you don't have it. Now this is a chance for you to revenge. 

Okay. This is your comeback moment. Better listen carefully.

And this is your only chance. There are no backup method already, either celestial or man. Okay.

So if your metal, metal control wood, so therefore when you see wood, it become your wealth. So do the wood control earth. So therefore this is your wealth element. 

So if your earth, you see water also wealth element. Okay. Everyone okay with this? You need not to remember.

You just know that wealth signal or wealth element is the element you control. If you forget about this, just refer back to your Telegram app. So now, let me show you this. 

Once you're ready on this, imagine, imagine this is your chart and where is your day master? Here. Okay. Your day master is here, right? What is this element is? Water. 

If you don't know, pay attention. This one here, it says water, right? Okay, cool. So now based on the chart, if you're water person, what element you control? Water control fire. 

So if you see fire, is it a wealth time for you? Timing for you? Is it a wealth signal? Yes, it is. So if I actually look at here, since it's fire, so can I put the word fire here? You see how I put it here? Okay. So I put the word fire here, right? So why I want to do this? So it's become easy for me to remember because we are beginner. 

Of course, when we see this or if you learn Pazer before, you automatically know, right? But this is a new format I'm asking you to do. I want you to actually write it down at the top. So, which means every time you see fire is represent your wealth. 

That's why I put it here. Everyone okay? You just look at the chart. Okay, now, do you know like for 2026, 2026 is a fire horse, right? So is this person, because this is fire, it's very strong.

So is this person wealth year in 2026? Yes or no? How do you know? Because I written fire here. Shortcut. So this year you have fire means or this fire, right? Confirm 2026 is your wealth year. 

So how many of you here your day master is water? A lot of wealth timing. Okay, now I will become your best friend also. Nice. 

Okay, so this is the concept when someone say you see wealth element or is the timing is there. Okay, so now some of you here your day master is different, right? Maybe you don't see the wealth element. Okay, let's say I erase this.

I look back here. Water, let's say that year is not fire element. Let's say now is fire. 

Let's talk about this, let's check a little bit. Okay, let's say the year is full of water element. Let's say, so regardless, I just made it up. 

Let's say around 2020. So water year, does this person see wealth? See wealth or not? No, right? Cannot see wealth, right? So now this person is what? Screwed. Okay, game over. 

In the old days, people will tell you what? Will tell you that this is not your wealth year. So what is the solution normally you get? Either go study, rest for a year, relax, wait for better years. Is it common? Okay, so this makes us to think, right? If I need to wait, it's not the best strategy. 

You look at all the successful people. Are they going to wait like two years just to rest and then go back to hustle again? No, to them, this is a stupid idea, right? So now, therefore, there's some people that give this kind of advice. And therefore, a lot of business people, they cannot connect with that.

They can't relate. How can they ask me to stay low profile for two years? Don't stay two years. Even one month, if you do nothing, you're out of business, isn't it? So therefore, it raised a concept about this. 

Have you heard about the multiple personality disorder? When someone can have two characters or three characters within them? Have you heard about this? Okay, right. And the part that intriguing is every time they shift from one character to another, let's say one character is Alex and then another character is Mary. Every time they switch character, not only their personality change, but their body composition, their health also change.

Maybe Alex has got a vision issue, and then when he becomes Mary, suddenly, he has perfect eyesight. Or maybe Mary has got this high blood pressure issue, but when they shift character to Alex, the blood pressure is normal. Do you know about this? Which means the moment they switch their personality,
Body, health, everything is different. Energy is different. From someone that got sickness, a certain sickness, maybe someone that barely got diabetic, but when he switch to Alex, he is perfectly fine. 

So this gives me an idea that if I don't see wealth element, if I change personality or I switch role, maybe I can see wealth element. Make sense guys? Okay, so now, if you know this, let me bring back the chart again. Okay, now, let's say imagine it's a water year. 

I don't see any wealth element because I'm water right? I should see fire only and consider wealth here. What if I no longer become water? I switch personality to this. I become thing, fire, can or not? Of course, this is your chart right? Or if I don't like, can I become woo earth here? Or if I don't like, I can be sin metal or not? Yes, of course. 

Okay, so therefore, my point here is by shifting the reference point, you can actually see wealth element. So now, here you see right? Just now we know water is to fire through the wealth chart. So if you are fire, can you imagine if you are thing fire, what is your wealth element? If let's say right now, if you are the thing fire, you look back at the chart, metal. 

So can I put the word metal here? Of course, why I put a metal here? Easy for you to remember. So now, look back at the chart I told you just now. Imagine you are earth element, what is your wealth? Water. 

So imagine if you are metal, your wealth is wood. Your log pillar also you can consider. If you are fire, your wealth is metal.

So now, back to the example just now, what if it's a water here? Water here, if you look at the day, must see fire right? So not qualified. For thing fire, the thing fire to see wealth, to see metal also not qualified. But if you look at this, this one, water, must see water right? Does it fit or not? Yes. 

So even that year is a water year, it seems like there are no wealth opportunities, but actually he has a lot, if he is willing to shift the focus point. Isn't it cool? So this is the same concept we are talking about people with multiple personality disorder. So which means everything changes, the moment you flip the role, you switch it.

Okay, so now the question here is, how do I switch it? Will I become crazy? This is not a disease alright, it's a concept. So what does it mean here is like this. Now, tell me, in this example here, which one see the wealth element? Is it the year, month, day or hour? Which one? Year. 

So now, I want you to write this down, if you seeing the wealth from the year, you need not to change personality, you just need to change direction. If it's from the year, your wealth comes through branding, referrals, recognition. Okay, so you need to promote yourself more in your work. 

Referrals means connection, branding means learn how to brand yourself. Okay, just change the role. Everyone clear? Yeah, because that's where your wealth coming from right? So now, let's do this. 

Let's put this into practice. Now this one is 2023. Yeah, it's just backtrack a little bit. 

So it's water right? You see water here? Water. So tell me, which one see water? Year. Okay, what will you advise this person? You're gonna tell them, this year you're screwed because you don't have wealth element. 

Okay, but I'm a different consultant. I can give you a way to overcome it. Now you add, you build brownie points first right? So your wealth actually is currently closed but I can actually open it up by changing the way you do things. 

Since it's coming from the year, what will you tell this person? Again, focus on what? Building brand, awareness, building a recognition. Okay, don't spend time at home watching Netflix. Go out, talk to more people. 

Do more FB live or whatever. Okay, and then make sure you don't dress a very weird brand. Okay, so make sure you're being respectable. 

Use the right command of language. Okay, do that right with finesse, elegance. Make people respect you. 

Okay, so this is the one. It could mean also improve your appearance because your pillar also how to look. Okay, so therefore you can ask this person, improve your appearance, go to some image consultant because the better you look, the more money come to you.

Okay, clear? All right, so now let's move on to the next one. 2024. Okay, tell me, 2024 where you see the wealth element? Okay, so if it's 2024 year, you see wood right? Which one is wood? Our pillar. 

Okay, so what our pillar means for you? That could be a time to learn about investment or how to grow your wealth because our pillar represent your assets. Good or not? Yeah, I give you precisely where your wealth coming from for every year. That one is for 2024 by just changing the road in your life. 

Okay, now let's move on. Okay, this one is the same. Okay, it's the same right? Wood element 2025.

And how about the next one? This one, water, sea wealth right? Fire element is also a big fire. So you can tell them in 2026 is a great year for you because you have all this and what is the year represent? Inspiration. Yeah, suddenly you have a lot of ideas or you recognize opportunity better than the others.

Okay, so you inspire, you have a lot of energy to do stuff. How many of you will have water in a day? So you have a lot of energy, you got a lot of inspiration, you feel motivated, a lot of plans, you know how to detect opportunities before anyone else. So it's a great time to pursue your goal. 

Okay, so now just imagine there are certain years is a metal year. So if it's a metal year, where the wealth coming from? For this person, fire. Okay, all right. 

So this one is fire, right? So this one is not. So the metal coming from this thing fire here. So the month, which means your workplace or your business, your productivity, your hard work, your skill, your experience will give you a chance to grow your wealth. 

Depends whether you're a business owner. If you're a business owner, focus on your product and services. To solve more problems, basically launch new products. 

Okay, or update existing one. And if you're working, your skill or your impact start to get recognized. So this is a year don't take holiday. 

Cannot. All right, perform. They're not every year you got it, but at least you got five chance. 

Okay, why is a five chance? One, two, three, four, five. Okay, so let's say, let's say, let's say this is not a fire year. Let's say it's a metal year.

Let's say it's a metal year. So which one see wealth? You see this, right? Just now already address about your work, your business. What if this one also see metal? This one come from where? Luck pillar. 

If it's a luck pillar, is the time or how do you, what you should do is asking favor. Basically you get what you ask easily. This is super fun.

Ask who? Not ask me, of course, ask your boss. Ask who? Okay, so for example, it's about wealth, right? So a lot of people ask about, okay, can I ask for increment or something, or some of you running your own business, you ask for funding, right? So basically asking something related to wealth. Hopefully not asking your friend to borrow you money, not like that.

All right, maybe asking for help, asking for the right teacher to help you. Also all of this here is good. Okay. 

It's also like asking for, I would say favor, basically. Yeah, but this one is about wealth, right? You cannot asking for love. That's a problem. 

I know some of you say, right, it's the time to get married or ask a proposal because it's a wealth element. It's more for guy. All right.

If you want to actually propose a marriage proposal, you want to ask someone to marry you. If a lot of people see wealth element, then it's a guy for it. Now, for guy are more applicable rather than a woman because a woman is no longer a wealth element. 

It's more of a direct official element already. Okay. But now let's forget about relationship. 

Focus on wealth-related favor you can ask. Okay. Ask for what? Ask for favor related to money, funding, approval, sometimes approval on certain projects. 

You'll get money, right? Maybe it's your client, you have a tender. So that's here. Don't, I would say, be unapologetically asking for favor. 

I know some of you might think like, Oh, I shouldn't do that. It's wrong. That is your principle.

Okay. You must ask yourself whether your principle stopping you from making more money. Right. 

So people don't give whatever your principle is, right? They don't care. Okay. So they care about value. 

So Petro Park asked the bank to increase credit limit. Yeah. It's good, but why don't you make it as if the bank actually proposing you to increase the limit because the CEO wealth grew so much. 

Yeah. You want a better way, but yes, Dean, you can ask for, or Patricia, you can ask for that. Yeah. 

Okay. Cool. So now, you know, let me summarize this for you, right? If the wealth element come from the year, like I mentioned, recognition, branding, all of this is from the month, it's your performance. 

Yeah. Your skill, your experience. If your day is inspiration, you suddenly have a lot of ideas what to do.

You recognize opportunities out there. If it's our focus on investment or learn the subject of investment is from the luck pillar, practice to ask more unapologetically, just ask. It's fine.

Okay. Now, you know, that's where your wealth coming from. So you can actually draw a calendar, not only for 2026, but until 2030, you know, now we know exactly which area your wealth source is.

Yeah. This is what we call the alignment of the steps. This is a technique that I use a lot for my clients because they need me to tell them what to do every year. 

Yeah. And then they find great results so far. And now, you know it.

Okay. So, Cynthia asked, I have wealth element in both year and luck pillar. Means can apply both even better. 

Right. So, year represent branding, right? And then luck pillar represent what? Represent asking favor. You ask more people to help you to promote your brand.

Include you in their discussion, magazine, interview or whatever. Okay. Cynthia. 

Yeah. You have both. Okay. 

Cool. Do you like this technique or not? Nice. Yeah. 

This is, there are a lot of thing to dig, you know, inside your puzzle, you know, so, okay. So, room team asked, you know, you know exactly what to do there. Okay. 

Can I give you one bonus? Yeah. Before I go on to another topic. Okay. 

This one is additional for you. Yeah. So, if the, how many, you already know the concept of the, which pillar seeing wealth, right? So, some of you actually, how many of you here into manifestation? You actually like manifestation. 

So, I give you a quick way to do this, right? So, it's a wealth manifestation energy back and manifest where I want to know when is the right time because manifestation, no matter how powerful your intention is, if you execute it in the wrong time, you won't get results. Okay. But now this technique is not give you the exact time, but the day to do it. 

Yeah. It's a very quick way you can do this. So, now it's like this. 

Listen carefully. It's already something you already know. How many of you here attended my divine manifestation program before? How many of you actually attended that? Okay. 

All right. So, if you attended that, you will know the year pillar, year pillar actually represent manifestation pillar. Do you still remember that? Okay. 

So, if your year pillar see wealth element, just now we're talking about branding, recognition, reputation, your network, right? So, but it also add one more thing here. It actually also represent is a great time to manifest wealth. But you might think, but this one is, we look at the whole year, no? So, as if like you're giving me nothing, right? No. 

Yeah. Because when you talk about manifestation, we don't look at year anymore. We look at day. 

So, now we look at the year. Year is, what is the wealth element? Water, right? So, on which means any water year or sorry, water day is a time to manifest wealth. How many of you understand what I'm saying? Now we're talking about manifestation. 

We look at the year. So, if you're Wu Earth, then every water day generally will be a good day to manifest wealth. So, it repeated every 10 days.

That's or no, every eight days because we have yin and yang water. Okay. For example, let's say now Wu Earth, we need to look for water, right? So, let me give you this example. 

So, you just look for what? This is a Tung Shu calendar. Every day got an element. So, if you look at November, for example, where you can see the water element, can you see on here on 10 and also 9, you see water element. 

Okay. So, therefore, for this person, these two days can manifest for wealth better. The antenna working stronger, not 5G though, but at least 4G. 

Okay. So, this and do you guys want a copy of this for the month of November? Tung Shu? Do you want it? Okay. How about I give you four months instead of one month? Okay. 

October, November, December, and January. By then, you should have enough money to buy your own Tung Shu, right? Okay. Yeah, of course. 

It doesn't cost a lot. Even now we can get it. Yeah. 

But I give you four for you to practice first. The team is going to send over to your Telegram channel right now. Okay. 

All right. So, remember I teach you on chapter number one, the manifestation, you want to know when the time, you can do it anytime if you want, but if you want to be more precise, you can look at your wealth day from the month pillar because the month pillar looking for what is your wealth element. It depends. 

It's different from everyone here. Okay. It's not because November is water day. 

I think you missed the point here. Who is asking this is now? All right. It's not about November is water day. 

The reason is water is only because this person chart, the year pillar wealth element is water. That's why I look for water element. So, if your year pillar wealth element is fire, then you look at all the fire days.

Do you guys get me? Nothing to do in November month. Okay. All right. 

Cool. Yeah. So, you can use any manifestation you like. 

All right. Not just the one you learn because you're going to learn more way of manifestation. Right. 

But now, at least now, you know, these are the great time to manifest wealth. Someone say, can I use other pillar? No, because manifestation pillar is the year pillar. Because year pillar is like antenna. 

It's the bridge between external world and internal world. All right. That's where you project intention out. 

That is the year pillar. Okay. Direction. 

Direction already gave you in chapter number one, right? Remember, backing to which one, either the grass or the hero. If you miss out chapter number one, you watch it on replay again. Okay. 

Yeah. Some of you haven't. You just joined, right? But never mind. 

There'll be a seven day replay. You can watch it later. Okay. 

More importantly, now you know the concept first. That's the most important. Yeah. 

Because some of you have your own different manifestation method. Yeah. You still work. 

All right. Because the day itself support that. Yeah. 

That's the thing. Yeah. We only talking about day. 

You know, we haven't talking about the time. It was an actual one. Like remember the wealth portal that was about date and time.

Okay. But now you see, do you enjoy today's session? What you learn? I know I dumped a lot on you, but do you find that interesting and life-changing for you? You see more possibility. So now you see your pattern chart as a playground rather than a fit. 

Yeah. There's so many ways you can figure out to different way to look at a chart because your pattern chart resemble life. If life offer a lot of possibility, so do pattern chart because it's the same thing. 

Yeah. It's the quote from the heaven. Yeah. 

That's the thing. All right. So now I want to talk about a special presentation and the bonus here. 

How many of you here interested? Yeah. This is something I've been working for a long time and I want you guys to be the first one to know. Okay. 

Just to let you know, yeah, this is extra. Yeah. It's not part of chapter three because I already cover one, two, and three. 

Now this is some, it's sort of like extension to it. Okay. So now the thing I go to talk about here is it might be stepping to some people. 

Yeah. But I wanted to listen first. Yeah.

This is the one I'm about to share with you is the, the biggest cover up, or I will say like they are the, they are the truth about destiny expert that they don't want you to know. Okay. So what is that? Yeah. 

Some, how many of you are pattern coach or at least you consulted by someone before your pattern chart or whatever destiny chart. Okay. So from me being a consultant looking inside out, I discovered this thing, but not a lot of people actually know about this.

So how many of you really are interested to know more about this? Okay. You, some of you might feel uncomfortable. I need to let you know first, but this is the truth. 

Let me show you what it is. Most people pattern chart are misdiagnosed as bad. Okay. 

So which means a lot of your chart actually is not bad, but because you tell your problem to the coach, of course, they will find some fault in your pattern to justify it. Right. Makes sense.

And you totally accepting it and you believe is the truth. Your destiny is done. That's it. 

Because you totally believe on someone's say, and then, yeah, that's, it's like a prophecy, right? What you feel become real. And therefore, just like in medical industry, right. Do you realize a lot of people also being misdiagnosed of sickness and a lot of malpractice as well in the health industry? Yes. 

Yes. Many. Right. 

So what do you think this does not happen in pattern reading? Because they need to give you an explanation when you tell them problems as a no wonder. Yeah. Because that's a clash, right? We find if you want, I mean, in life, right. 

How hard for you to find something that is not right. It's easy for us to find fault in our pattern. If I give you any chart, can you find 10 things you don't like about it? Can you? Yes. 

Easily look at the clash and everything. Right. So therefore this happened in part of the chart. 

So I want to be more careful because a lot of advice actually given by someone, they might be actually mean well, but they try to find the fault in the chart to justify the situation. That's a problem. If you think it's true and you believe it's true, then that's, it will, it will lead to that way anyway.

Right. That's why, because you already believe it, you will align to that direction. So my, the thing I want to tell you here, actually I discovered that actually not a lot of people have a really bad pattern. 

At the moment is trying to tell them, oh, this is a clash, but everyone got clash one, you know? So therefore a lot of people think that chart is bad, but actually most of people, they don't have a really, really bad pattern. Those people that have a bad pattern, they won't get a consult because they don't even believe that they need help. The fact you believe you need help, you already have a good pattern. 

So now if it's not have a bad pattern, then what? Right. So I want to actually tell you this. They're just simply fallen out of the scene with the heaven timing. 

Yeah. So now I want you to think about this heaven timing. Do you feel that you align to the heaven timing or not right now? A lot of people think it's a pattern, but actually it's not. 

They're just out of scene of the heaven timing. Okay. So maybe you're one of them and you think you have a bad pattern. 

So the thing here is when you fall out of scene with heaven timing, your access to prosperity is denied. Okay. So when you're denied, like what Tim say, you feel it now, not before, right? Yeah. 

So now you feel it. So, which means that there are some signs like manifestation is not working or you apply function, it doesn't see results or you feel helpless or if you're not supported, everything is not smooth. How many of you have this feeling? Okay. 

It's hard to explain, but you know it. You're out of scene, you're out of alignment, right? So therefore the thing you should diagnose is not how bad the pattern is, is are you aligned with the heaven timing and the heaven rhyme? We call this the heaven rhythm. Is this something messed up here? Because if something mess up on the timing and alignment, then I'll call, I'll regard this is out of scene with heaven rhythm.

Let me tell you some symptom. Okay. So despite of your skill and hard work, you don't get the result you want. 

It seems like everything against you or wrong people keep showing up in your life, no matter how hard you try to avoid them. We call this petty people, or you feel like life is unfair yet you can't explain why things don't fall into place. And another one is like you keep repeating the same lesson over and over again, as if like you're stuck in a loop or replay. 

How many of you have this feeling? Okay. Yeah. Same person, but different name.

Or you always second guess yourself. You don't know when to act now or later. You're afraid making mistake or you are losing touch with joy. 

You hardly remember when is the last time you're feeling truly happy. Yeah. So, and finally, right. 

You feel the universe has gone silent, no opportunities, no flow, no alignment. Okay. Then the question here is what to do with it.

Yeah. The heaven timing. All right. 

So because the heaven timing has a power to create and you think about manifestation, we actually do what we select the date, right? And time we do function activation. We also need the day and time. I don't care how powerful your function formula is. 

If you don't come up with a good day and time, you get nothing. Okay. So now the thing here is if you're, you don't do anything aligned to rhythm, you don't get results. 

You get pain. Okay. So the solution here is if you're able to restore the heaven rhythm and the flow returns, how many of you here want to learn how to do this? Okay. 

You want to restore back the mojo. And when you're able to restore this, yeah, the flow will return. So I want to share with you something I worked for quite a long time and I haven't actually tell everyone yet. 

I haven't launched this yet. I want you to hear this before anyone. I'm going to launch this. 

It's what I call the heaven code. Okay. Yeah. 

This is a date selection masterclass for period nine success, alignment, and prosperity. And I guess this is the right time. I haven't done any date selection program before. 

And a lot of people asking me, you know, Hey, how can you share with this? So I need to have the right thing to share first. Right. And this is the thing I've been doing a lot, a lot of experiment. 

So by knowing the right timing, you'll gain unfair advantage in period nine by aligning your heaven rhythm. Okay. And some of, how many of you are interested to know more about this? Okay. 

So let me share with you first. You can secure and apply this knowledge with this investment, right? 1, 2, 9, 7. The question here is how can actually divine time to change our destiny? Okay. So let me show you. 

Okay. You, everyone have their pattern chart, right? And how, let me tell you, how do you made up your pattern chart? How your pattern chart made up of date and time. Why they want to know this because it's also this election, right? So when you have the right day and time, that energy will determine your whole destiny. 

That's how powerful your date and time yet. But the problem here is we cannot choose our pattern. The moment we are born is already set. 

Okay. Even you don't like it, like missing element or whatever. We cannot change anything. 

We just need to accept that's the best solution. Right. Okay. 

And the thing here is I'm not attempting to change your pattern. I'm not capable of doing that. I'm just a human.

Okay. I don't dare to claim I have that ability because this is the heaven code. Okay. 

But one thing we can do while still respecting pattern, we can do the formula of stacking. Stacking means that every time you choose the right date and time to do important activities, it add another layer to your pattern, is it? It add another layer because it's a good time and energy. So we do like this. 

Imagine you do so many things in the good date and time and your pattern chart is the lowest of the stack, right? So every day you do, you apply for a job, you do the right date and time to manifest at the right date and time. Eventually all this good energy you do after you born will actually compounding. And if you look at here, imagine every time you had select a good day and time, eventually what happened? You stack. 

So this is called a stacking method. And after that, do you think you have a different destiny? Inside the most bottom is you still have it still have its own influence, but that is not the only influence already. That's how destiny is changed. 

Do you guys understand? All right. So this is the concept behind it. So therefore in this program, the, in the essence, this is what we do.

And, but one thing first, I want to ask you first, the stacking of divine date and time is come with three things. Yeah, you can, you can pick. All right. 

The man realm, have you heard about people choose something for important activities? So it's about the man realm where we align activities with the right date and time, like, you know, starting a business, attending job interviews, negotiation, getting married, healing date, you know, or serious conversation with someone. We all need good dates, right? All of this is under the main, the man realm date selection. A lot of people like to do, do this. 

Okay. So now the second one, some people need is the earth realm. Earth realm is more for grounding support and nourishment, like stability, health. 

So this include the right time to manifest, cultivation, grounding, harmony, true joy, inner strength, and to invite true wisdom into your life. This one is under the earth realm. Okay. 

And which one you prefer more? Man realm or earth realm? Everyone have their own preference, right? So depends on what you want. And the third one, this is also one of my favorite is the heaven realm. Yeah. 

Man, earth, and heaven, right? So heaven realm talking about effortless momentum, where you stop forcing outcomes. Things just happen for you, not to you. Basically imagining right place, right time, right opportunities about synchronicity, the divine rhythm, and the access to miracle frequency. 

Now this is the highest level. Okay. So now I haven't, I want you to choose if you can decide on the cause, heaven, the heaven food, which one is the one? You must choose one. 

Heaven. Okay. I saw Selena say heaven.

Okay. So cannot be greedy as always. Wow. 

So many heaven. All right. Nice. 

Okay. Yeah. That's my favorite too. 

Okay. But do you know that 90, 90% of the people, when they learn this lesson, they learn about the man realm only. Do you realize that? All right. 

The right date to purchase something and assign contract, right? I'm not saying that's wrong, but it's just one part of this selection. What they didn't know to connect the date and time together, you need the power of this three realm. So instead of me choosing which one to teach, how about this? I teach three of them together. 

This is what I call the heaven code framework about level one, level two, and level three. So you get everything. If you want to learn the right date and time to manifest, it's under the earth realm. 

If you want to attend an interview discussion with your spouse, maybe you make your spouse angry, it's the man realm. And then the heaven realm is the access to the miracle frequency. So yeah, this is the one you're going to learn. 

And more importantly, it's aligned to period time frequency. That's what you need right now. Okay. 

Do you like this or not? I'm very looking forward to share with everyone. But I want you to know first, because if you're out of sync, my goal in this program here is to bring you back in sync with heaven rhythm again. Okay. 

Yeah. I want you to ask inside, you know, you know what, this is not a logical decision. It's more like, you know, you feel there must be a reason, uh, you're being, uh, get to know this.

Yeah. Is this some time to do this? So there you go. This is the, uh, one, two, nine, seven.

If I'm interested, this is, uh, the investment here. Okay. So now let me put it here. 

The heaven code, the date selection masterclass for period nine success. One, two, nine, seven. And for all students here, I will, you will get a VIP bonus. 

Okay. Do you want bonus? Okay. So this VIP bonus here that I'm about to present to you is one of the most anticipated program I did annually.

Guess what? Wealth Prophecy for 2026. How many of you attended this program before last year? All right. Yeah. 

Remember we talked about the month of July. I showed you pay attention on that month. I think a lot of you here, I should record it. 

I will put a snippet on my YouTube as well to tell them how to predict the movement of Bitcoin, but every year is different. How many of you make money last year? Yeah. Some of you did, right? So I received some, uh, uh, email, uh, from students because they're able to time it, but not every year is about crypto.

I need to depend on the 2026 chart, but I will tell you to read the wealth sign before anyone else so can plan properly. What is the important wealth event of that year? And if you actually, uh, if you get, you choose to go with us in this, the code of heaven, you get this for free. Okay. 

So now I lining up together, you get a heaven code and a wealth prophecy. And now one more thing here is for the first 30 today who choose to join with us, you get another bonus. How many of you here, you actually like Feng Shui activation.

Activate Feng Shui. Okay. So the first 30 bonus going to get here, if you're quick, you get the Feng Shui circuit breaker, where Feng Shui activation guide to resetting, unblocking, activating flow and restore all the Qi flow in your house again.

Okay. Yeah. So I haven't, I didn't teach a lot of Feng Shui activation, but I think this is the right time to do it. 

So I include this in the bonus. Okay, cool. So now if you look at everything here, the total will be 2291. 

Yeah. If you buy it separately on other different time, this is the investment cost. But for today, if you join us today, you're going to get this 597 for everything here. 

You get the heaven code, the core program with two powerful bonus that you can equip with to phase 2026 and beyond. Okay. All right. 

So now if you're in, how many of you interested to join this? You found there's a true value on this. Yeah. I want to know because I haven't launched this yet. 

Okay. All right. So let me share with you the link here. 

There you go. joeyup.com slash THC stand for the heaven code. Okay. 

This is about seeing with the timing of the heaven. Now, wow. So many of you are interested.

So can I make something for you? Something extra? Do you want something extra? Yeah. If for today, if you choose to join us to appreciate your trust on us, if you like the teaching material that I'm doing on this one, you're going to get four, you will get this at 497 instead of 597 today. Okay. 

So, and this price will go up soon and I'm sorry, we cannot revert back. Okay. So, but right now you get this price. 

We have an allocation slot. One, the slot is full for 497. We have no choice to revert back to 597 or actually beyond. 

Okay. All right. So therefore this is the, the thing here, that's the link here. 

Just join us here and then to secure your enrollment here. So this is the timing. If you're interested, you're joining us now, there will be the special price and it won't be long. 

All right. It will be going up very soon. Okay. 

Now, and one thing I want you to pay attention, the heaven code is happening on April, but the world prophecy will happen on January. Yeah. Because it's for the whole, the whole year we start in February. 

So the world prophecy will happen on January. So you get to do the bonus first before the heaven code. And Angelica say, can you put the registration link on telegram? Yes. 

It's already there by the way. A lot of you asking, right? I think the team already posted there already. So you can actually directly click from the telegram to secure your slot.

Okay. Yeah. So, and the, but the team forget to include the link. 

They just post the photo. I don't know why. Okay. 

Now they get it. Okay. Now. 

So the thing is, I did some of you asking, right? Do I need to have a background? No, you need not to, because you don't need any background data on this selection or Chinese metaphysics. So this program designed for anyone to follow and benefit. Okay. 

All right. So now if some of you cannot make it to the date of April 4th to 5th there in every program, the main program and the bonuses, you'll go through the seven day replay. All right. 

You have a seven day replay. So you can recap back and it only take like $1.40 per day. If you stretch out to one year. 

Yeah. This is to transform not only your financial destiny, but also your wellbeing and your fulfillment and happiness. So it does not just focus on wealth.

Yeah. Remember wealth is only on the man realm, the earth and the heaven realm, the wealth element means differently. You represent health. 

You represent fulfillment. You represent knowing that you have a purpose that is under the earth and the heaven realm. Okay. 

All right. Some of you see the payment is on test mode. I don't know what happening. 

Yeah. You talk to them. Okay. 

So that's the thing. So you schedule it. This is the time, February 4th and 5th, April next year. 

So the offer will expire in 24 hours. So some of you say that is still in test mode. So just a lot of people cannot pay.

All right. So, okay. The team, yeah, please talk to every, I think she's able to help.

So, but don't worry. Eventually you'll get it. Yeah. 

So just make sure to be part of the 30. Okay. So this is the, let me bring you back. 

This is 497. Okay, cool. So some Anna, Anna say she able to enroll. 

I think they fixed it already. So Karen Bonora say I want to be the part of 30, but cannot pay. Everyone also got problem. 

Yeah. I don't know whether this is a good or bad problem. Okay. 

Nevermind. Stay calm a little bit. I think given enough time, they're able to make it. 

Okay. So I think you can, you can actually let them know first whether you want this. Yeah. 

Then they can log in for you. Okay. Now, but for the rest of you here, I know if you have any question, you can ask me now while they're fixing, like what you want to know about the last three chapters. 

You can ask me now. Okay. You can type in the chat box.

Okay. This question from what is the difference between a date selection? Okay. This one is, we talk about three realms. 

Okay. We are not. So we are combining Yijing to it. 

I'm glad you asked with a date selection, Pazer and Shiman inside. Yeah. Because in order to do a date selection of all this heaven, earth, and man realm. 

Yeah. That one is the, the part that require more than one practice to it. Okay. 

Okay. A lot of people keep talking about the testing mode. So let the time, the, the, the team fix it. 

Okay. This is my celestial wealth element, how to receive nobleman help, help opportunity. So during that time, you actually do something like you planned before, like who to contact and what to do, because it won't happen to you first. 

You need to prepare first. That's why I teach you to do this so you can see this in advance. Okay.

Okay. Other question. I don't worry about the payment test error first. 

All right. It'll be fixed. You just stay put first. 

The team are fixing it. I got a message here. So, but I, okay. 

Some of you is done. Some of you can enroll. I don't know why, but it's fine.

So, okay. Esther here is my year element is pink fire. Then what element is good for manifesting? Okay. 

Let me refer back to the wealth chart. If, if you're pink fire, what control fire, sorry, fire control, what element fire control metal, right? So you look for the don't show all the metal days. Okay. 

Let's see. Can you send a link to the telegram this? Okay. They're going to send. 

Okay. Other question related to the cost. I know there are some problem with payment. 

Yeah. Calm down. Calm down. 

Let's answer some of the content first. Okay. For my year pillar to manifest on water days at what hours? No, this technique here, you're using the day.

Okay. If you use the time, it's very rare. You'll get it. 

Yeah. So this one, at least every eight days you can do it. Okay. 

Corny up man realm 2026 can switch to use wood. Yeah. If it's part of your role of any of the STEM is wealth element, you can actually use that. 

Okay. I got a message from the team. Yeah. 

They say that the, the payment is, is fixed. Okay. Yeah. 

So, so sorry for the inconvenience and the team say that, okay, let me read out the message. You say that I know some of you on, I'm not part of the dirty. They'll say that within 30 minutes, if you, they're going to include you in. 

Okay. So they do some changes here. So don't worry. 

Okay. So you try to refresh the page. Okay. 

Calm down. Calm down. I see so many people say still in chess mode. 

Maybe you refresh the page again. You do. Okay. 

So now corny up year, pillar water, they look up fire. No, it depends what you want to do. So if you want to manifest year, pillar is water. 

You look up for fire on the top element of each day. Okay. Yeah, you're correct.

That is correct. Okay. All right. 

Cool. So I will say that some of you asking about the, okay. I saw a message from Carrie is fixed now. 

So I think you can try again to see whether it works. So it says that if within 20 minutes, you will get it. You want to, you want to get this thing yet. 

So sorry for that. Okay. Any other question you have, you can ask me here.

Some of you just are asking about, is this correct? Today is metal day. So what is the day of today? Wow. The question boomer with a lot of payment question. 

Okay. Hold on. Let me pause this. 

I want to ask, I want to answer the question. Okay. Grazeline is the year. 

Pillar is earth manifest on the water. They correct manifest on method. They wire backing the Chimun star. 

Yes. Correct. Yeah. 

But you manifest is not on the metal day, right? Because if your year pillar is earth your day to manifest, it should be water. That's good enough. Then on the water day, you follow back the instruction on chapter one, back to the direction you intended to. 

That's it. Okay. Raluca asks, when is the bonus is planned? Okay. 

It will plan on November, December. Okay. And then the next one will be on January for this wealth prophecy. 

Okay. Saigon asks to see Slashio Norberman. Is it considered only one day and hour? No. 

Slashio Norberman is one year. Good question. Okay. 

Slashio Norberman is one year. Then which means on that year itself is considered a lot of opportunities. It's not one day. 

So you need not to stress. Okay. Very good question. 

So, because remember Slashio Norberman are formed by the year, luck pillar and the year, right? So that whole year you've got opportunity. Unless only one exception, you have all the three in the chart. Then opportunity, you already bond with it. 

So whether you want to exercise with it or not. Yeah. That way we consider a special chart already. 

Okay. Yeah. So depends on the configuration Saigon. 

Okay. Mona Hilda asks, if it's only for manifestation or activities, for example, I'm a pink fire. I have more chance for get to job interview when I send my application on metadata. 

Uh, that one, no, because your pillar is for manifestation. If you want to know that the job selection interview, that one would be more complicated. That's why I choose another program to teach about it because you need to know the essence of the job you're asking or what is the problem you try to fix. 

Maybe you're someone that not really good in communicating. You need to select a day where you're able to express yourself very well. So everyone is different.

I cannot say there'll be one generic date that good for interview day for everyone. No. Okay. 

Yeah. Because some people, they are very good in their skill, but they don't want to communicate. Now that is the problem, right? So, and some people get nervous. 

Yeah. They are, they cannot stay calm during interview. They might say the wrong thing. 

So there'll be a stabilizing day or element they can tap into. Okay. Mary Anne asked, do we use year pillar to manifest or any of the pillar? No, you don't use the year pillar to manifest.

The year pillar is the reference to guide you, which is the best day to manifest. Yeah. Mary Anne, I think you need to listen back to the replay for that.

Okay. Angelica say now payment work. Yay. 

Okay. Kyoko say I'm in. Congratulations.

Okay. So let me see what other questions that you can. Okay. 

Mondry asked on special wealth, do the triangle has to be formed by three animal? What if the triangle is formed by two out of three? No, it's not considered. In order to consider special wealth, three animal sign needs to happen. I'm sorry, Mondry. 

If you have it, you have it. If you don't, you don't. It's fine.

Okay. But need to be three. Okay. 

Otherwise it's just a normal wealth day. Okay. So now, and now this question from Ashley Cole, if I don't have water element in my natal chart, can I use the hidden element stem instead of the part of the shifting person? No.

Unfortunately, hidden stem is not working because the shifting has to be at the top because the top represent the role of solvency. So Ashley, because when you learn Apache, it's one pillar when you install top and bottom is we see as a whole. All right. 

So therefore the top represent the person, the receiver in, because the top is the way you receive energy. So use at the bottom, but the top, you cannot receive whatever in the bottom also cannot activate. Actually, I hope that clarify your question. 

So the summary is only use the top element. Okay. This is from Diana chapter two manifestation using the RIR. 

Okay. Chapter two, I didn't talk about manifestation. Okay. 

Diana chapter two, I talking about the role and everything. So yeah, maybe you try to rephrase your question, what you want to ask. Okay. 

For chapter three, the year pillar represent the fruit, the so-called the reference point to tell you which day is good for wealth manifestation. You don't manifest the year pillar. You got it wrong. 

The year pillar is to tell you, which is your great manifestation wealth day. Crystal asked if it's a celestial wealth, and if you sing, how to maximize its benefit, I will say, be prepared. Are you prepared for it? Yeah. 

You don't wait for it. Crystal. It seems like you're asking, like you're waiting for something to happen. 

Nothing will happen. You plan for it. Just like you just imagine this. 

If you have a holiday coming up in year end, what do you do? It won't happen. You're planning to buy stuff right before that to happen. So if we start this happen, exactly the same thing. 

Okay. Chong Chi Wei asked any installment payment? Yes, there is. You talk to the team. 

They're able to help you on that. Okay. It seems a lot of people talking about the manifestation or the manifestation like this in your Pazer chart, the antenna of manifestation is in the year. 

Okay. That's it. There's nothing you can do with the year pillar, but the year pillar tells you which day is good for manifestation.

So let's say your year pillar is fire, fire control metal, right? So all the metal days is good for manifestation. Okay. Gracelyn Chu is a meaning of the year pillar is fire. 

Manifest on metal day, backing Chima star. That's correct. Gracelyn, exactly that. 

Okay. Cherry asked is Slasher Nobleman is an auxiliary star? This is not Slasher Nobleman. This is Slasher Wealth Element. 

Okay. Carrie, I think you need to look at this because still a lot of people complaining there's an error in making payment. It's still stated that no such form. 

Okay guys, you deal with that. All right. So, okay. 

Kyoko asked to manifest stronger if you use day pillar on a day are the same. No, no, no. You look at the element. 

If the element is looking for his water, whether it's a day pillar or not, your day pillar is doesn't matter. It recognized by the element, not the polarity of the element. Okay. 

This question here is, but from Todd, okay. Todd, your question here is, but still if month pillar with DE, no, don't care about DE. Why do you care about DE? Don't care. 

Nothing to do with DE. Yeah. That's why, right? People attention sway when there's something, oh, there's a clash, there's a DE. 

Nothing. Okay. Don't worry about it. 

Okay. Chung Man Yin say managed to register. Thank you.

Congratulations. And I say finally the bug is fixed. Good. 

Okay. So now Felicia Tan asked, I have two out of three. What if my husband has the third animal sign in the puzzle? Does it count? No. 

Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. 

But you have two out of three is considered almost there. Yeah. It's still good, right? You just don't get this, uh, three celestial sign. 

Just like if three celestial sign meaning is becoming an expert. So you have two out of three means you're almost expert already. Still very good. 

Almost expert. Okay. Some of you actually receiving email twice and you talk to Carrie. 

Carrie can help you. Okay. Don't worry about that. 

Right. We'll resolve. Uh, some of you are afraid if there's a double charge or something, don't worry.

All right. We'll resolve. We're going to check. 

We have the list. You just contact them. They're able to help you out. 

Okay. If native child don't have water, can we use earth? No. Right. 

Connie? No. So, okay. So Ray say you cannot. 

Okay. Try again. I'm not sure. 

So sorry about that. Okay. But I know some of you still not able to make payment. 

Just give them another five minutes. I think they should be able to work it out. Okay. 

I think I answered most of the question already. Okay. Some king kid ask manifesting based on water year pillar.

Fire day. So I'll manifest and backing as it's based on my EG. The year pillar. 

Fire day. So I'll manifest and backing as it's based on my EG. That's correct.

Some king kid. Yes. Gina Chua is any year. 

There's no wealth element in our chart. What should we do? Okay. If Gina Chua, if you don't have any wealth in your chart, you wait for tomorrow session. 

Okay. Yeah. There are way to counter it. 

Tomorrow we talk about feng shui. We talk about manifestation. Yeah. 

So it'd be right. Interesting. Okay. 

So please say you pay. All right. Good. 

Congratulation. I'll see you in this program here, but we start with bell prophecy first. Okay. 

In January. Okay. Here is fire can manifest on any metal day. 

Yes, exactly. Sin or come anyone will do. Does it matter which metal day? No, no difference.

So the yin and yang polarity is not, is not relevant here. All right. We recognize by the five elements because no matter whether your yin and yang is still your wealth energy.

Okay. Helen. Yup. 

Hope that answer your question. Celine cause a finally enroll. Nice.

Congratulation. So Sue say how to know to be part of the D because we are the one, the team actually, uh, I don't know why the stable is not, uh, the server not stable, but we like to include, if you are within today, we do it. I will put you on for the second bonus as well. 

Yeah. It's fine. Yeah. 

Because after, uh, today and tomorrow, we go to close the enrollment first, uh, because we haven't launched it to public yet. Okay. So, uh, therefore, yeah, you adjust your time. 

Don't worry because it's not your fault. Yeah. It's the team. 

Uh, there's some server issue. Yeah. That need to fix. 

So if, okay. This question here from Ang, if I have a rune water plus green water in our pillar and, uh, luck pillar apply shitin palace, do I focus on assets? You can focus. If you have few elements, seeing the wealth, you need not to do anything one actually. 

Right. But if you want to, there are options for you. Yeah. 

And I'm glad you asked this question. A lot of people think the moment appear in a chart, it means we must do something. No, it's all the, if you want something, then only you do it. 

All right. And so if you have three options, you can exercise all the three or one or none of at all. It's fine. 

Okay. Peggy done. Our special wealth must fall on the day pillar, not pillar and incoming year pillar, not other pillar. 

Okay. The special wealth first one of the special wealth must happen in your natal chart first. Natal chart could be the year, month, day, or hour is fine. 

Okay. But the remaining two, either formed by the, uh, luck pillar or the annual pillar. This is to answer Peggy done question. 

Okay. Alice asked, do you take consideration for manifestation, the stem or the branch of the year? The stem. You asked a good question. 

You might think I was in, why you change the method a little bit because last time you might use the branch because period nine favor speed. Okay. You want to, you want to, you need to align. 

You see, it's like this when that changes the period, the style of manifesting of whatever it is has to be quick. Yeah. So remember I teach you using the annual at the chapter number one, we do align to this. 

So therefore we always use the stem in period nine. Because everything changed so fast. Whatever working right now might not working next month.

Okay. They keep happening. Okay. 

When manifesting using year pillar, do we use the 10 gods in the year pillar to find human backing or use the, uh, the stem? No, the, you, I think you need to read back. You will watch back chapter number one. Okay. 

Yeah. Because we go through a lot over that. You listen back to it. 

So basically once you find your wealth manifestation day, you go back to chapter one and do the manifestation. Okay. Grace say I still in the test mode. 

Hold on. All right. They're going to fix it for you.

Yeah. Carrie or anyone, please help grace Tirambulo. Yeah. 

He's, she's still in the test mode. Elvin Lee asks, is every body chart has different 10 gods? Yes, it is. 10 each has a completed payment. 

All right. Great. Congratulations. 

Okay. Felicia Tan say you make my day ever soon. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Yeah. Thanks for joining. 

Wilma. My year is water. I manifest in fire day. 

Am I correct? Exactly. You get the point Wilma. You're right. 

Okay. Grace Lin Chu asks, let's show wealth can be a combination with three person. No, no, no. 

Cannot. Grace Lin Chu, you're overly creative. Only you. 

Okay. Okay. Lian asks from chapter one to clarify for the luck pillar stem supposed to be from the top to the bottom. 

The last annual pillar is the top box. Day chart is the bottom box. Or what do you mean day chart? Okay. 

Yeah. But the luck pillar and the natal chart, yes, is, uh, is the bottom element, but for the annual pillar is the top element. Okay. 

The only tree evolve. Either you choose the natal chart, which is the month bottom element, or you choose the current luck pillar, the bottom element, or you choose the annual pillar, the top element. Okay. 

Lian, I hope that this explanation helps. Okay. Some kinky say, thanks. 

You're welcome. Okay. Chinya asks, I'm a run water. 

Is being the period nine favorable to my wealth element? No, you cannot mix period nine element to your own chart like that. Yeah. If like that, all run water also become melty. 

No, it's not. It's a different field. Okay. 

Okay. Chon Wan Yin say, my natal chart got two celestial, celestial animal. Can the third animal come from month animal instead? No. 

I wish it could happen, but don't want it. We already addressed this earlier, right? Two person already asking me this question. Yeah. 

Asking me on third time doesn't change the answer. I'm sorry. Yeah.

You cannot use the month. Remember the month used for what? The month for each month, that one is used for date selection. Okay. 

Cherry Ng asks to clarify next year is a fire year and I'm a water DM. My year pillar is earth, which they use for manifestation. Manifestation, you don't care whatever pillar, you look at your year pillar only. 

If your year pillar is earth, what is wealth element of the earth? It's water. So every time you manifest on the water, they benefit you. It does not care whether it's 2026 or 2027. 

It does not matter. Cherry, I hope this helps. Okay. 

Mondrey asks, I'm pig, I'm in. Good. Congrats. 

Okay. Mona asks, thank you for all your interesting topic and your knowledge. You're welcome. 

I'm more than happy to do it. Okay. Kevin Lim asks, the four months Tung Shu PDF sent to us earlier, was it meant to be achievement planner? We just send you the Tung Shu is for you to plan for look for manifestation day.

Okay. You can, you can, now you can write down which day good for manifestation. That's the purpose. 

Okay. Angelica asks, is the DM Yang master in the year of 227 earth is a year to profit for status and power? I don't understand your question. Okay. 

So now you are Yang water and 2027 is earth. So 2027 is a, is a fire earth. So you look at, if you are Yang water, you look at the Yin fire. 

That basically is the ownership. Okay. It's the ownership element, not, not the status. 

Okay. Page Young say can go through one example, how to read Tung Shu, identify the day, the day actually written on the Tung Shu. Let me see whether I can, I'm not sure whether the chart is okay. 

The Tung Shu, right. You want to know how to read the day, okay. Let me see whether I got this or not. 

Okay. The day actually is at the, I wish I could zoom in here, but you try to look at your own PDF file. You can zoom in inside your telegram. 

So every day there's an element. So how do we know you look at this text here? So this is earth. Okay. 

This is metal. And then this one is metal. Yeah. 

So you look at this character here. You tell you what is the element guys, you guys, are you guys sending the wrong thing to them? Yeah. They say that the thing that you send to them is achievement calendar, not the Tung Shu calendar. 

Let me check for you guys. Let me see. Okay. 

Later, later that you send, you confirm is a, is achievement calendar. Okay. Let me see. 

All right. Just, okay. Now they're just resend it. 

I'm glad that you asked. Okay. Can you see the calendar right now, guys, everyone? What happened to you guys today? Okay. 

Of course, they need us. Can you keep the calendar? Yes. It's for you anyway, because the achievement calendar is, is for tomorrow, actually.

So we have a timing to send, so it won't confuse you. Since you already have it, keep it. It's meant for you guys anyway. 

Danny. Okay. All right. 

Okay. I think I answered most of the question, but the achievement calendar, hope it don't add more confusion to you. The achievement calendar I sent to you is not to manifest. 

Yeah. It's just a daily achievement calendar. All right. 

For now, don't do anything with it. It's supposed to be on day two. You guys understand? Okay. 

That's why I normally we delay the sending first. There was too much information. Then your eyes actually suddenly very big.

You don't know what's happening. Not everything need to act on. So that one, keep it first.

Okay. Yeah. Tomorrow we're going to open it. 

Now don't open. The moment you open, you become confused. Okay. 

Angelica say the calendar disappeared. Okay. It's a good thing to disappear. 

Otherwise it add more headache to you. Don't worry. You reappear again tomorrow.

Okay. Relax. Relax. 

I promise you'll be there again. Magically it will appear again. Don't worry. 

It's a good riddance right now. Okay. Tomorrow you're coming back. 

Okay. All right. Yeah. 

Tarista say it's 2am here. Okay. All right. 

Okay. Understand that. Yeah. 

Just for two days. All right. Yeah. 

With all information, hope you can do something for yourself. Yeah. For these two days. 

Yeah. I know some of you wake up early in the morning. Wow. 

Kelvin Lim say it's 3am here. Where are you from? Kelvin Lim. Okay. 

Kimberly Meyer say I sign up late. Are this chart in the that all the people receiving telegram, you're able to access it Kimberly? Yeah. It doesn't, we don't delete the thing. 

You still can get access to all the things we shared just now. Don't worry. Okay. 

Oh Melbourne. Okay. So Kelvin Lim from Melbourne.

How is the weather right now there? It's a bit hot. It's spring now. Okay. 

All right. Okay. Good. 

All right. So now thank you. Yeah. 

Thank you for your time. I hope you are, I think I answered most of your question here and thank you for staying put. Even some of you in 4am right now. 

I appreciate that. And now just to give you some summary here, we already address chapter one, two and three. Okay. 

And tomorrow, one of the chapter here is it's about Feng Shui. Okay. If it's about Feng Shui, so if you can, can you actually get your fall plan ready? Can you do that? Okay. 

So, and if you don't have, don't, it's fine. It's fine. But you have it is you can bring it because one of the chapter we talk about is this is about Feng Shui wealth arrangement, millionaire setup. 

So it's good if you have that. Other than that, just relax, take a good rest today and I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. 

And some of you remind me on the Qimen manifestation chat. Don't worry. Okay. 

It's already safe in my heart this. Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.

Take care. Have a good rest. I'll see you at the same time tomorrow. 

Bye-bye.
How are you guys doing today? Good? Haven't got a nice rest yesterday? Do you guys sleep well? Type the word yes if you sleep well yesterday. You sleep like a baby. Wow, good. 

Okay. Yeah, but not my team. The team here, actually, yesterday, they are barely sleeping because they tried to help all of you here.

You know what happened yesterday, right? Yeah, they want to register for the program but somehow they cannot get in and then they sent a long message to the team here so they work around the clock just to help you guys fix the problem. So I've been told that it's already fixed, right? For everyone here? Okay. Yeah, because yesterday they are so stressed.

They told me I got so many messages coming in and they don't know what to do. Yeah, pity them. But I'm sure I'm going to buy them a special dinner after today's program.

Okay. For all of you guys here, if you are... Yes, how many of you here already are joining yesterday's program? Type the word me. Yeah, let me check out.

Yeah, to ensure that all of you here actually... Wow, okay, so many of you here. Good. Okay, don't worry.

I'm going to ensure everyone here are properly taken care of, you know? So if anything, just talk to the team. I think we have... Let me see how... Okay, they are Kerry, SK, Dyson, Steph, William. All right, all of them here are able to help you with any questions.

You just talk to message any one of them there. Then, yeah, they are more than happy to help you out here. Okay, so now for yesterday, I know some... How many of you here, you didn't attend yesterday's session? You didn't attend? And you... Or maybe you totally forgotten your talk today is day one.

Okay, all right. So if you do, if you are... That category is fine, all right? Because later on, we're going to release the seven-day replay. You're going to watch it.

You're not missing out anything. And the way I design it, you need not to know chapter... Day one chapters for you to understand day two, all right? You're all good. For chapter one, you fill in the missing part.

You're going to watch the replay. Are you guys okay with that? Okay, all right. So let me see.

Okay, good. At least you're relaxed. Otherwise, you feel like, okay, yeah, I am... You feel like you're not belong here because other people learn so much.

No, all right. That's the reason I organize chapter by chapter. So first thing first today, what is the most popular question people ask? Is what is the telegram channel? Yeah, that's the most important question ever.

And that's an easy question, right? Okay, there you go. If you are new or you didn't attend yesterday, now I give 10 seconds. Okay, screen time here.

So this is the code you're going to do actually to scan. Or you don't know how to scan QR code. Look at the chat box right now.

Carrie actually posted the link there. All right. This is the telegram channel for Born for Wealth.

This is not my telegram channel, my official one. This is specific for Born for Wealth students. But I noticed a lot of people asking questions in the public or my public telegram channel.

And I decided not to reply. Otherwise, it's not fair to the students, right? Some of you ask questions about the courses and all the info you learned yesterday. Everything will be... All the slides will be sent through this dedicated channel.

Only for Born for Wealth students. But what if you're not Born for Wealth students and you actually join his channel? Whatever you apply won't work for you, okay? Yeah, this is something that I've been experimenting since the last manifestation. Yeah, I created this on coming day.

I know some people, right? They buy this program and then they actually resell it to their own member. This is not something good to do. I don't endorse that.

Yeah, basically, you know, they do a pirated version of this. Yeah, this is not something new to me. I mean, since I'm teaching Period 9 in 2019, I saw that.

Yeah, there are a lot of students come to me and tell me, I would say, do you know that someone actually teaching your content? Yeah, so of course, I can do it in a more forceful way. You know, all these legal letters. But so far right now, I didn't do that.

But let's see how. Later in the future. But for now, everyone good for today? Okay, good.

Now, so just now I also noticed some of you asking about the Pazer chart for 2026, right? Don't worry. Yeah, you're gonna get one. Yeah, probably in chapter number 5 later.

There are some of you yesterday. I promised you to give you chapter, the Pazer of 2026, right? Don't worry. I saw just now Karin Ng.

Are you there, Karin Ng? Yeah, so I still remember it. Okay, don't worry about it. It comes through the right time.

You'll get it. Yeah, I need to need to align with that or synchronize with the heaven's rhythm first. All right.

Okay, so now. So Anna say that we are born to love students. Otherwise, we won't be here to join the Telegram channel.

Yes, all of you here are here. Yeah, but some people, they copy the link and then they send to other students. Yeah, some people like that.

I don't know why. I mean, I'm not saying all of you here. Some people are somehow able to get the link and then they just spread.

And yeah, that's the reason. Of course, we can do another precaution is to give you password. But I think so.

I think right now I don't try to restrict too much for all of you here to join to make it easier for you. So we have a good faith in all our students here, all of you here. All right.

Okay, so now. Let me just give you some recap about what we are doing yesterday. Okay, this is the roadmap of Born for Wealth.

Yesterday, we talked about three chapters. It will be the first one will be unlocking the gates of heavenly wealth. Second chapter, the seven-figure wealth creation blueprint.

One is a heaven council. And then another one is the heaven, the wealth timing or the heavenly timing. So we go through all this.

So basically, yesterday, we talked a lot about the person, right? The talent, the path of wealth. When is the timing come? And now, today, the chapter number four, I will talk about from a different realm, which is the earth realm. Because sometimes, you know, you don't, maybe you hate your partner.

How many of you hate your partner? Some people do, right? How do you know you hate your partner? The more you look at it, the more fearful you are. Okay, internally, you develop resentment with the partner, okay? But how many of you here, the more you read your partner, the more inspired you are, the more energetic you are? Type the word me, if you're those type of person. You start to see so many possibility, I can do something very good.

Okay, so and now let me bring you up this chapter here. Chapter number four is multimillionaire Feng Shui setup, period nine edition. Okay, so today, for chapter number four, I'm going to talk about Feng Shui.

Okay, Feng Shui is a huge subjects. They have more than over 1000 formula of orders. Yeah, but the thing here is, today we will focus on it primarily on wealth and we also focus on speed.

This is important. I know I mentioned several times before that in period nine doesn't recognize you. If you are slow, how many of you here are pretty slow? You make decision very slow.

I need to think about it. Then you need to meditate for five days. And then after that, you do so many divination.

Only you decided like what to eat in the next week. So people do that. Okay, but definitely not you, right? All of you here.

Yeah, you actually, you're very fast. You make decision. You eat fast.

You walk also fast, you know, so everything also fast. Yeah, that is how period nine work. So if you're very slow, somehow period nine will forgot you.

Okay, it seems like you're invisible there. So therefore the technique I'm going to share with you here is something fun. Just like yesterday, right? Remember I keep emphasizing you to use the annual pillar.

All right, why? You need to know why. You don't just follow blindly what I'm going to share, right? So you need to know that we do that. All right, the thing here.

And Kevin Lim say that's why we joined the course in test vote. Yeah, yesterday the payment is test vote. Okay, yeah.

So, but the information and time I share with you is tested. Yeah, I've been starting doing this like 10 years ago. I go through all the hard things.

First, I do all the weightlifting so I can get information presented in a way that consumable. Even you are layman. Okay.

So now let's start this feng shui thing. First of all, we need to know why we use feng shui. Yeah, feng shui is somehow if you think you, or maybe if you hit buzzer, somehow you just hit it.

You don't know why. Or you feel that you already maximize your capacity. You work really hard and you actually achieve a lot.

But it's sort of like hitting the ceiling already. Or you reach a plateau that you know somehow there are something higher that you can achieve or bigger. How many of you have that feeling? You're sort of like now you're hitting the walls already.

You say I work really hard. I give every ounce of my energy. Yeah, you're already at that part.

Yeah, then maybe feng shui can help you. Because feng shui able to open another capacity for you if you already max out. But if you're someone lazy, you haven't maxed out anything.

You do nothing. I'm telling you feng shui cannot help you at all. Even you live in the best feng shui house, because feng shui just amplify what you already have.

This is super important. A lot of people think that the solution to their life is just live in a good feng shui house. No, feng shui amplifies stuff.

If you are lazy, what happens? You live in a good feng shui house. Tell me. Okay.

Think a bit. If you are lazy and you move. Yes, Yaidi mentioned correctly, right? So, for example, what happens when you motivate an idiot? You get what? Motivated idiot.

Is that what you want to be? We don't want, right? Yeah, so therefore I leave this chapter number 4, not on chapter number 1 yesterday. Okay, we don't want to be a motivated idiot. Motivated idiot is dangerous.

They charge on everything. We don't like that. Okay.

So now, when we use feng shui means that you want to have favor from the earth realm. Yesterday, we talked a lot about the heaven realm. So, if you need favor from the earth realm, earth energy, so that's why we use feng shui because the whole function of feng shui is to tap into the earth realm energy.

Remember the cosmic trinity? Yesterday, a lot we focus on the heaven. So, this way focus on the earth realm. So, the earth realm here is something that I will say, let me show you this.

Okay, there you go. Yeah, yes, this is a slide I sent you yesterday, right? So, this now we're talking about feng shui is on the earth realm. And how can actually feng shui works here is it works on the concept of proximity.

Proximity means what is the distance between you and the good energy. So, imagine that if every day, if your house got good energy, and every time you go back, don't you think those good energy will affect you? Within proximity, right? So, the concept of proximity, you are mixed with those energy. Just like your friends, if you within proximity, you mix with a lot of successful people, you become what? On the opposite, you mix with a lot of people that keep draining you down, you won't be successful.

Nothing wrong with your partner. It's just the concept of proximity doesn't work for you. Okay, so therefore, feng shui talking about proximity.

So, imagine if you have two house, one house you're staying in, and you have own another house, maybe in another state that had extremely good feng shui. Would you enjoy benefit from that house or not? Your second house, which that you don't stay in. You actually rent it out.

No, no, no effect at all. A lot of people think, as I buy more good feng shui house, they get more feng shui. No, feng shui doesn't recognize whether you're the owner of the house, or you rent the house.

Okay, remember this. A lot of people say, okay, this house I rent from others, doesn't mean the feng shui cannot affect me. No, feng shui don't know.

They only affect anything that inside the house. All right, if you put your pet, your dog inside the good feng shui, you actually affect the dog also. Do you guys understand this? Now at this juncture here, some of you, you didn't decide to buy any property for this year.

Some of you actually are looking for one right now. So if you're looking for one, what we normally do, we keep asking one question, right? Is it a good feng shui or not? This new house, is it good or not? That one might not be entirely right question to ask. First of all, you must make sure the new feng shui house, although it's good, is it better than the current feng shui house that you're living in? Make sense? Anyone can tell you a certain house is good, right? But if they cannot compare with your current one, let's say it's worse than your current one, even you so-called move into a new house that claim to be good feng shui, but it's a bad feng shui to you, agree or not? Because your current house, the energy already that high.

Now you actually constrain yourself and you go to low level again. Make sense? So this is to share with some of you, keep looking for good feng shui, that's one part, but must be better than the current one. Make sense, guys? You follow me.

So once you know the concept, I want to introduce to you what actually influence energy, the earth realm energy. Because just now I'm telling you, now we're assessing to the earth energy. So some of you learn feng shui probably already know, there are two forces that govern the earth realm.

When you see these two so-called features, it's sort of like telling you, you are actually, that area got some positive energy happening. So very simple is the mountain and water. The mountain is the yin, water is the yang.

When these two are in balance, you get good feng shui. So if you go to an area, there are no hill or mountain or higher terrain, and there absolutely no water. Would you buy that area? No.

Okay. So you don't even need to take out your law pen or compass to measure it. Okay.

So remember this. So this is super important because when you talk about how to set up a middleman, set up feng shui, this is the thing they're looking for first. They don't look at anything else.

I think five years ago or six years, roughly around that, I actually lead a team to do something like a feng shui excursion. This one is in Penang. It's a small excursion just for students at that time.

So we bring them to an area where there are three blocks of condo or high-rise building, and then I ask them to actually look at which is the unit you're going to buy. So I give them like 30 minutes to go around the property, walk around and all those things. So one thing that caught the attention on that area is it's very nearby to the airport.

So it's very noisy. They actually see the landing, the lane there, you know, the runway. And then on one side, there's a balcony.

They see that. Do we like that? Is it a positive feature? Very noisy? No, right? This is yin or yang? Tell me. Two yang already, right? Okay.

And then because they're only 30 minutes, so they're a bit stressed, right? Oh my God, oh my God, what I should do? So they take out a law pen, measure this. Okay, this is the location facing one direction. And then they plot the flying star chart and everything.

I don't know what they're doing. Some of them take out to measure the Shanggong-Dagua alignment, align the table, the bed. So you don't see directly to the runway.

And after 30 minutes, I do a debrief with them. And then they explain all the things, all right? It's good because I allow them to explain. So after that, then I supposed to give an answer, right? So I tell them with all due respect, you know, I mean, you guys here are very hardworking.

Yeah, you do all this calculation. All formula is correct or aligned to Feng Shui principle that they're missing one thing. All right, is what is the 20% rules here? I tell them if here is because there are four blocks, right? If here is so noisy, you need not to choose already.

You just search the opposite, right? Opposite there, the other block is mountain, right? So any unit in that area is already better. Makes sense. I don't even take out formula just because we know that the balance of yin and yang.

Okay. So now you also know. So I want you to think in a macro level, because when we think about Feng Shui, we keep thinking about what's inside, what I should measure, the bid or anything.

That one, yes, but not the determined factor. So now I want you to know mountain and also the water is the one. So now the question here is how do we receive this energy? Let's say, just imagine right now you're going to buy a new house.

You see, you look around, right? See whether got hill or something. So now I'm going to teach you one thing here is like this. How do you harness 5G network from the earth energy? Yeah.

If it's a, if it's, if it's not a bad, a good area is, is a bad area. Then you might not get the 5G network. You may, you may get 4G or even lower.

So, which means that you're not able to reap the true benefits of those energy. Okay. So do you want to know whether your current house or your future one, or the knowledge of knowing where to have this 5G energy? You want to know this first, right? Because this is super important.

When you want to buy a multi-millionaire future house. So the first thing here, you want to know that, because there are mountain and water to choose. One is yin.

Yin is mountain. Water is yang. And in period nine, if you need to only choose one, choose the mountain.

Write this down first. Mountain will take precedence when it comes to period nine. I know a lot of people looking for water, but they're heading to the wrong direction.

Okay. So yes, both are so important, but let's say if you have both is even better, but if you need to choose, choose mountain. Okay.

So do you know why you want to know why? Okay. Let me show this. I do do this quickly.

This is technical part of it. So look at this chart here. This is HER2.

HER2, this is a metaphysics things. All right. When you learn Feng Shui, you have this.

So HER2 basically is a science. Lu Shu is the applied science. So here, do you notice that right now we are in period nine, right? Okay.

Period nine, outer number. This one, eight, six and nine is obviously yang. So period nine is very yang element because it's powerful.

So now you apply to application. You see number nine here, right? So which means number nine is super yang. Because it's on the outside.

So when you are super yang, number nine, right? Because period nine, you always focus on nine first, because that's the most prosperous energy. When the element is too yang. Remember the Penang story I told you guys all about? When it's too yang, we need what? Yes.

Correct. Cheong Sin Leong. Okay.

So say yes, it's correct. It's actually, you need to apply yin. So now mountain and water, which one represent yin element? Mountain.

Because mountain doesn't move, right? So therefore, it already telling you anything. If you don't have, you need to choose between one, look for mountain first. Okay.

Or hill. Not necessarily a real mountain. Yeah.

But it could be a hill. Okay. It's super important.

And you also realize this is universal principles that no matter where you go around the world, most of the time, the hilly area is where rich people live. Do you actually realize that? Or the rich neighborhood is all there, right? It's not just your country, everywhere. For example, how many of you here from LA, California? Especially LA, right? So you see that Beverly Hills, the northern part of it.

So you see that's a part of the foothills around the Santa Monica area. Right. Okay.

Who is from LA here? Okay. So, okay. You see that, right? That's where all these rich people lives, right? The Santa Monica is a mountain in Los Angeles.

Okay. So that's that. So, and if you look at London, right? One of the highest point in London, have you heard about Hampstead? Are you from London? It's more like 400 feet above the sea level.

So that one is also rich people live. Okay. How about let's bring this to Asia, Hong Kong.

Where is where all the rich people gather or live? Sun Tang, the peak. Have you heard about the Victoria Peak? Okay. Yeah.

This is the ultimate Feng Shui textbooks case where the wealth rises to the hill, overlooking the water there. Okay. Yeah.

So, and in Singapore, have you heard about the Bukit Timah? All right. Yeah. That was also super expensive, right? In Malaysia, Bukit basically means the hill.

Yeah. Bukit is the Malay word for it. Okay.

So, and in Malaysia, we have this Damansara Heights. Yeah. Nestled between the Bangsa Monkera area.

That one also a hill, hilly area. You see all this and this, I cannot mention every country, but I try to make a point here. You see this consistently.

Okay. So, since Bukit equal hill. So, do you realize that any development that has the word Bukit, normally the price will rise? At least in Malaysia, because the word hill.

You're in a Western country, then maybe Beverly Hills could be one. Yeah. This is consistent.

So, now in period 9, it also says that look for hill, look for mountain, look for higher ground. Make sense? Okay. So, because the mountain is the direct connection with everything else.

Yeah. The energy coming from that. Okay.

So, you learn something new now. Okay. So, once you know this, I want to bring this principle forward here.

This is the summary. Guys, you can actually send to them this. Okay.

So, basically, this is the, we like to see mountain from this four location. We don't just want to see mountain. We want it to, if your house is here, let's say, yeah, this is the four direction.

We like to see mountain. And the thing here is you see the South got five star, right? So, if you only can choose the one area that have mountain, which mountain you like the most? South. Why? Because South is number 9. 9 is period 9. The most prosperous.

Once you do this, you lay a good foundation function in your house. You might think, I haven't measured the house direction yet. I haven't do internally.

Whatever it is, it's not that important. Now, make sure is the right energy first. When you are right energy, you can enhance.

So, when you're in the wrong energy area, even you apply Feng Shui, it's sort of like a treatment only. So, let me ask you, when is the best time to become more healthier? It's when you're healthy, right? Do you guys agree? The best time to become healthier is when while you're still healthy. So, whatever you do, you see benefits.

But when you try to be healthy, when you're sick, that way is called treatment. You just try to improve. So, therefore, the same concept actually apply in Feng Shui as well.

Okay. So, therefore, the mountain position has to be correct first. If I need to be strict on this.

I know some of you right now, you might think I was in my house, don't have the mountain. Then how? Then don't worry because now is still chapter 4, right? There are more things you can do about it. So, now you know the concept.

So, now I want you to think a little bit. Your current house right now that you're staying in, do you see mountain or hill or higher ground? Okay. Some of you, yes.

Some of you, no. Okay. Cool.

And if you see it, where the mountain location is from your house. Okay. So, basically in your house, at the center of your house, you look at the compass, see where the south is, then you're looking out.

Do you see a hill or not? Okay. If you see it there, that is a good feature to see in period 9. If you want to build your wealth, this is the first criteria. Okay.

Cool. Now, we're going to zoom in. There are some, because some of you might think, right? The mountain, I mean, there are four directions, right? Is this the same? You ever seen the southwest or northeast? No.

Yeah. It's not the same. So, let me show you this thing here.

Do you want this or not? Okay, guys, can you send this to them? All right. Okay. Some of you ask if I have surrounded by mountain ranges, select the highest point of the mountain, the peak.

Among all the ranges, they always want, of the mountain, our hill is higher. Okay. So, now, which one you like the most? Of course, depends on what you're doing, right? So, if you look at the south, this one is about authority, you're building brand.

You see the south, you know, coming from the south is a mountain of illumination. So, if that is your goal, you want to have this personal brand authority, look for the south mountain. But if you want to build happiness, trust, relationship, collaboration, partnership.

Yeah. West mountain has extra function for this. Okay.

So, if you want to look for northwest mountain is authority. This is good for professionals because about leadership, mentor, management, create legacy is a long-term thing, more stable. Like you're working for others.

You grow money, you create legacy. It takes time, but it's about authority or powerful in that way. And if you're looking for wisdom, then how do you convert your knowledge into experience or money or solution, then it's northwest.

Okay. Are you guys clear? But what if you don't know this? Don't worry. Just choose a mountain within the four direction is considered good.

This one is only if you want to be specific. So just share with you a little bit about how I use this. When I built my career, which one do you think I pay more attention to? When I started, I'll use this.

Okay. I'm using West. I know a lot of people think about this because when I do, um, when I started my career in management, direction is considered good.

This one is only if you want to be specific. So just share with you a little bit about how I use this. When I built my career, which one do you think I pay more attention to? When I started, I'll use this.

Okay. I'm using West. I know a lot of people think about this because when I do, um, when I started my career in metaphysics, I, the way, or this is more like someone's style, right? So the way I do more is more with building trust with clients.

Yeah. Partnership collaboration. Yeah.

Because that time I don't know a lot of people, but I need to tap to their platform so I can speak. So I built a lot of happiness trust first. Let them trust me.

Then things got, start going for me. Okay. So, and, um, the thing here is now, yeah.

I just to share with you. Yeah. I actually have another, I'm going to move into a new house soon, probably next year.

And the mountain is the best mountain is still there, but not the most prominent one. I choose this mountain. Yeah.

Go become different. Yeah. Now it's about the wisdom.

Yeah. I monetize my mind experience and solution and innovation. Okay.

This is how I actually use the mountain. So for you is different, but if you don't know anything of this, it's fine. Yeah.

As long as we didn't, this four direction is equally good. This is just additional function. I hope guys.

Okay. All right. Because the mountain or hill itself is already good.

This is additional function that each of them have. Okay. So, uh, Zach David say, if I see both Northwest and Northeast, can I use both? If you see, there is not your choice to choose whether you want to use.

Yeah. You get these two benefit at the same time. Okay.

David, do you understand this? Yeah. It's not a choice. Yeah.

Because it's environment, environment. Yeah. It overpower you, but it's your choice whether you want to act on it or not.

Right. You can just do nothing. Right.

Watch TV every day or do or collecting stamps, just like one of my friends. Then it's fine. So therefore, but if, because today topic is about born for wealth.

So we actually do something like for me, I'm using West mountain. That's where that time I used to build trust with students, with clients. Yeah.

Because you don't have trust. I think that is very hard for them. Yeah.

To study. I'll get, I'll get a consultation from me. So you must do something.

One is not like activate, activate. Activate is for lazy people. I do nothing.

I just activate suddenly wealth come. You know, life doesn't work that way. I wish it worked that way, but it's not.

So did I put a lot of effort at that time? Yes. As, as a human realm, I still do a lot of effort, but when it comes with the right mountain, what Feng Shui will do, it will amplify my effort. You guys understand this.

I don't want to get an idea because out there, a lot of people take advantage of those people don't know Feng Shui. They ask you if you put this element, then your life is changed. You'll be okay.

You'll be great. You really believe in that? No, right? Yeah. You look at all the successful people that reach people.

If you interview them, how many of them, or even no single one tell them I become rich because I put a toad in my bed next to my bed. No one telling this. Everyone telling you effort.

So the effort part you cannot avoid. You still need to do it. All right.

But with this right position, you will see the speed. Yeah, actually increase faster than you can imagine. Okay, good.

So now once you understand the mountain position, this bring you to, I want you to understand this. You want to learn Feng Shui. External, which is the mountain of water, governs 70%.

And what you do inside the house just govern 30%. That's how little it is. Okay.

So I want to think that right now, right? Every time you do Feng Shui, is it you do it for the 30% or 70%? Most of the time. Yeah. We plot flying star chart, everything.

Very likely we actually do it in the 30%. I'm not saying it's wrong. Because some of us here, we already stay in a house.

And then we haven't have enough money to buy a new house. Isn't it? So the solution, there are two solutions. You want to hear the solution? Okay.

If you're 100 of you here, you know that you want to have a better Feng Shui house. But you don't have enough money to do that yet. Cut the word mean.

It's a common problem, right? Because learning Feng Shui is one. So there are two options for you. Okay.

So one option here is you can rent a good Feng Shui house. You know Feng Shui, you can subscribe one. Can you do that? Just like how you subscribe Netflix.

You can subscribe good Feng Shui one. So by today's session here, this Feng Shui, you know what is a good Feng Shui house to rent. And what is a bad Feng Shui from wealth perspective.

Which in fact, I'm going to share with you. Okay. What is the second step? Second step is learn from Iverson.

In fact, you're doing it right now. It's very good. Okay.

So these are actually the third step. Third step, you can engage our consultant. We can do it for you.

So totally you can pick whatever you want. But right now I'm going to teach you how to identify a good one and a bad one. So I just did just now by looking at the mountain position.

That one is for observation, 70%. But you say, Iverson, how I wish I can move the mountain to somewhere else, right? Or the right location, because a lot of us here, sometimes we stay in a house, the mountain will be there, right? You can't just move the mountain. So therefore we also can look at the 30% influence to do something on it.

Okay. So you might think, right? 30% is so little, right? But don't you think it's also something you can do? How about this? I want you to think, if your salary increased by 30%, are you happy or not? Are you happy? Not bad, right? You've got 30%. What if next year you do even better, another 30%, you know? So actually it's quite powerful too.

And once you do that, you're compounding, later you have a lot of money, then you can buy a better house, a better environment. Okay. Now I'm going to teach you how do you maneuver this 30% since we cannot move mountains.

Therefore, I want you to, this leads us to this topic here. Know your house. Okay.

This is basically is the internal blueprint. Know your house energy. And the system I want to introduce to all of you here in terms of knowing energy is one system called flying stars.

How many of you here actually learn or heard about flying stars? Not flying fox. All right. Okay.

Flying stars. Okay. It's a formula.

It's among so many formulas is Feng Shui. This is one of the popular one due to the reason because it can give you fast results. Okay.

So flying star Feng Shui is one of the system. If you do it, mentioned going to wait 20 years. At that time, your grandchildren also coming out already, you know? So probably that one later.

Okay. But for now, all right, I want to talk about the fast way. All right.

Feng Shui because period nine is fast. So flying star is one of the favorite topic in period nine is the most useful one. Okay.

So now let me share with you first. How do we know the house is good or not? Basically, this is a flying star chart. Of course, right now, you don't know what it is, right? Okay.

Also numbers. So the numbers will tell you whether that sector is good or the sector is bad. We are going to tell you shortly.

So why don't you grab the concept first? Let's say, let's say this house here, where you think is a good area for wealth? Just simply pick one. Is it a South sectors or where? Let's say South. A lot of people say South.

Okay. So here I just put the dollar sign here. It's like this.

So let's say this is your house. Where you will do your work? Where would you place your office? If you, let's say, of course in the South, right? This is common sense. And if you discover this area, let's say this area is a bad area.

Let's say, would you go to that area to work if you were going to make more money? No. Would you go to North East sector? No. All right.

It's a bad sector. So if you discover that this sector is a stupid sector. Okay.

Have you, anyone that go there, suddenly they get confused of everything. Would you stay there? Let's say, I'm not saying Southeast is stupid sector. I just give you an example.

Will you stay there? No. And who you ask to stay there? Maybe your mother-in-law that you secretly hate. You'll tell her that, okay, according to my calculation, after learning Feng Shui, don't mention my name.

All right. Okay. Southeast is the best among the room.

Okay. But you know that because I respect you so much, you are the one that come into my mind first. Put that.

When you put your mother-in-law there, she'll less complain already. Right. They don't complain so much.

If you're awake at noon time, they also won't scold you. That is good. Someone maybe help you to do laundry or so.

Okay. Very good. So now that is the concept.

But now you don't know yet, right? Okay. Now I know how to position, but I don't know the number what it means. Okay.

So now I will teach you that. How do you do that? Of course, you must know what is the numbers in your house. This number is basically energy.

Okay. So what is the number? So in order to do that, you need to know two things. Facing direction of your house.

Okay. And what is the period of your house? Okay, guys, I think this is important. Can you send them the slide for this? Okay.

Send them. Only two things. Because now you don't know which is your chart, right? So look at these two things to get the chart out.

Okay. So now, very simple. Facing direction.

You are facing the direction here. First thing, do you know your house facing direction? Okay, there are two types, right? One is the high-rise, and then one is the landed property. So if you live in high-rise, you need to go out from the building.

And then from there, you need to take the facing direction of the building instead your own unit. You need to know this. All right.

How many of you here, you live in a high-rise building? All right. Okay. So you need to get out from the building.

And then you stand here, for example. And this is the facing direction. Everyone clear? Okay.

Last time when I teach this, but they say I wasn't. But my one is a condominium. Is it considered high-rise? And some students ask me, but my one is an apartment.

How would you reply to those questions? There was a name people gave to it, right? So it does not matter. So as long as your house has so many units to share, you actually stand there and then you take direction of the building. Okay, everyone clear? All right.

So now, what if you are actually landed? Landed is easy. All right. And landed is you need to, you just, because you own the whole thing, right? So therefore, let's say this one, where you stand to take the direction, stand here, roughly at the center here.

Okay. My drawing is still very bad. Hopefully next year I can be better.

According to 2026 chart, I can draw better next year. So bear with me at this moment. Okay.

So now, facing direction. So if your neighbor asks you to, how to take direction, ask your neighbor, stand here. This is a facing direction.

Here is here. Okay. Guys understand or not? Super easy.

Okay. Now let me clear this. So let's say you, the thing here is when you need to use this system here, it's not just like South.

In South, you also need to divide by South 1, South 2, South 3. Let's say you measure direction is South, but you need to fine tune it, whether it's South 1, South 2, South 3. It divided into three sectors. I would say subdivided into three sectors further. So we call this sub-sectors.

So how do you know what is South 1, South 2? I already indicate the degree here. So the team will send you the full copy here. So guys on the Telegram channel, I think there are one file called 24 mountains reference chart.

So send to them right now. Okay. Which means if you discover your house are facing Southwest, that is not enough.

You need to know whether it's South 1, Southwest 1, sorry, Southwest 2 or Southwest 3. Are you okay? Cut the word if you understand this. How do you know? Based on the reference here. Let me check whether they already sent to you or not.

Have they sent to you yet? Let me check for you. Okay, good. They haven't.

Faster please. Okay. It's coming.

It's coming. In the Telegram folder, there are one file called 24 mountain reference chart. Okay.

Okay. While they're sending, now you can... Okay. I think it's coming.

Okay. Check your Telegram right now. Do you see that? Because the slide, I cannot show all the possible directions due to the asset screen size.

So, but from the PDF, it shows you all the possible directions. Starting from South until encounters all the rest of the 8 directions. Okay.

Got it? Okay. Once you got this, then it's fine. And some of you here, also maybe you're finding hard to discover the facing direction of your property.

Maybe it's a bit weird. Don't worry about that because I actually record a YouTube video. You go to my YouTube video.

You search for facing direction. I record that for you. So I don't want to do it here because most of people know it.

So just go. It's free. The video how to take direction.

Can you guys go and search? But 95% is really easy to determine the facing. Isn't it? But there are some weird shape building. Maybe you need some clarification I actually go through step 1, step 2 and step 3 in my YouTube.

That one you look it there. You look it over there. Are you guys okay? All right.

Don't let what you cannot figure out right now to interfere to learn more. Okay. My YouTube channel just says youtube.com slash Iverson Lee.

Okay. That's it. Or later you cannot find, you talk to the team, they will give you the link as well.

How about that? Okay. Let me do this for you. Later on, I'm going to copy the link.

I post it in the Telegram channel. How about that? Okay. So everyone just click the link and then you can view it.

Okay. Okay. Later after today's session, I'm going to send it to you.

Now, once you know, now I assume that you know the facing, just pretend you know the facing direction already. Then what's next? Okay. What's next here? Now you know how to take the facing direction.

The second information you need to know, the period. Period basically means when the house is born. There are only one to nine.

Okay. You just need to figure out when is it? It's just like your house barter chart. Okay.

So, and in order to do that, actually, it's very easy. I just, okay, guys, can you send this slide to them? It's in the slide folder. Yes.

Send this to them. So there are only nine periods. So your house would belong to one.

So how do you know? It's like this. Now there are also two, right? One is a high rise. I just put the word H, high rise, and then landed.

If you are high rise, you need to know, you look at the year. Every year, there are span of 20 years. So for the high rise, you need to look at the first occupant moving in.

Okay. The first occupant, maybe it's not you, maybe your neighbor. The moment your neighbor, let's say it's a new high rise building.

The moment your neighbor move in, let's say move in, in 2008, which period is the building? Eight or nine? Eight, right? Because 2008 is within this range. So yeah, so you need to check. So which means your building, everyone share the same period.

Your neighbor, everyone is a building, is a period eight property. Okay. Clear? It's the first occupant moving in, not you, unless you're the first one.

Okay. So now for landed property, you want to know the period, always easy. Period for landed property is the year you move in.

You don't care what neighbor it is. Okay. So if the year you move in is, let's say in 2025.

2025. So what is the period of your landed property? Nine. Okay.

All right. Easy. Okay.

So once you should able to got this already. So once you got this, which means that now you can able to determine, you have two information already right now. So you have the facing direction and also the period.

Now with these two information, you can plot the chart already. Then how do you plot your house chart? It's like this. The team will send you a PDF file of all the possible charts in period from period one to period nine.

Okay. Guys, can you send them the PDF files? Yeah. From the flying star charts from one to nine.

Send to them now. They are about to send to you. So now let's do this.

Let's say just now, don't worry the PDF is on the way. Just now we need to establish two important information. Let's say, let's say you're discover that your house are facing south.

Is it enough? Not yet. You need to know south one, south two or south three, right? So let's say it's south one and then it's a period eight property. So you look at the PDF file later, you scan period eight property first.

So this one save you time because it's period eight, this example. All right. So south one, do you see that here indicate facing south one? Can you see this? Okay.

If this is the one, then this is your house chart. That's it. So now let's do another one here.

Okay. This is period nine. Some of you are in period nine property, so let's say your period nine property, you're facing north east.

Is it enough? No. You need to know north one, two or three. So let's say it's north east three and it's a period nine property.

Then you scan through the PDF file, look for period nine first. Then which one is facing north east? Three. So do you see facing here? Facing? Okay.

Are you sending the wrong files? I think you did send the wrong file. SK is flying star. Not flying fox.

Okay. It's there. Just look at it.

Okay. Wow. Okay.

Everyone here take a deep breath, close your eyes and open now. It's here already. Okay.

Do you see it? So SK, you need to delete the earlier file to avoid confusion. Okay. Do it now.

Okay. Very good. Now you only got one thing to deal with.

The period nine chart. Do you see that? So why I give you the PDF file? So you know how to look for the right chart in your case here. But some of you might think, oh, I don't know the facing yet.

That one don't worry first. Then later you'll find out, you ask people and all those things. But now I want you to know the method first.

All you need to know the period and the facing you can get a chart. Everyone clear? Guys? So you browse through the PDF file right now. It consists from period one to period nine.

Now I want you guys to do one thing. Assume you know the chart of your house already. Can you pretend first? Because later you can work that part out.

That one is technical part. It's not hard. So now let's say, yeah, let's say this is your chart.

I'll just pretend for a while. This is, this is the chart here. So what you need to know, because we are talking about wealth.

So when we talk about wealth, all wealth energy is from the top right. How about the rest? Ignore. All these are wealth energy.

Don't disregard anything else because you want to make money. You need to be focused. Okay.

So are you guys okay? Type the chat. Yes. If I understand what I'm talking about.

Okay, cool. So only top right number. So now I'm going to show you all this.

I'm going to introduce to you this number first. If you're talking about period nine, wealth in period nine, nine, one, two, four. Guys, can you send this copy to them? This is from the slide.

Okay. Do you see on your telegram? Okay. Now, in period nine, we want fast, right? So which of this is the fastest? Number nine.

I already indicated there, right? One is average, still pretty good. So are you going to use number two now? Would you? No. SK, you're sending the wrong image again.

Okay. Okay. The one you sent earlier, then later they're confused again.

Okay. Now SK say it's still handled by me. Oh, who is that? Okay.

Dyson. Okay. Please.

So you can relax. I just look at the right chat, then I'll send it to them. Okay.

Cool. So now you see nine, one, two, four, right? They'll tell you nine, one, two is you can use. But now we are talking about speed.

I will more concerned on nine and one. Okay. Yeah.

But nevertheless, these are the wealth numbers. Easy to remember or not? Nine, one, two, and four. Okay.

So now once you know this, then now I'm going to tell you how to apply this. This is become your new friend, best friend. You want to check whether this number lands here or not.

So let me just remember all the four numbers just now. When we look for wealth element, is it the top left, top right, or the center number? Top right. Remember I told you just now.

So can I see one here? All right. Nine, right? One, two, and four. Easy.

This part should be no problem, right? So let's say this is your chart basically. Okay. So now happy or not? If this is your house, happy? Of course, right? You see the wealth element, right? But so do everyone.

Every house, this number will appear. Does it mean it's good for everyone? No, of course. All right.

So the second thing you want to add one more layer to it is this so-called wealth numbers resides in the right sectors or not? We need to know that also, right? So let me tell you what sector they want to reside in. Wealth sectors. So now I'm going to share with you what is the wealth sectors.

So basically let me clear this. So just now that house is bad, right? Doesn't fall into this. So hold on.

Let me just share the screen again. Okay. Now guys, can you send this to them as well? Okay, good.

Now you see on your telegram channel already. Okay. So now he indicate that this will remain constant for period nine.

Okay. You might need to write this down. You might think will this change or not? Not until 2044.

Okay. So right now you still have a, because period one, it will change again. What happened in period one? Later before period one come, you attend my class again.

Which could be like 18 years from now. Okay. Maybe the time you send your son to attend.

All right. Okay. So therefore this is the position of the wealth element.

So now you know the thing here. So how do we apply this? So I'm going to show you how to apply. Let's say this is your house chart.

Okay. Don't worry. Don't worry.

I just put what I show you just now here. Remember just now I show you the, all the wealth palace. There are four palace.

Okay. This is not new, right? Remember just now I show you the wealth star is day 124. So this is nothing new.

I already send this information to your telegram just now. Okay. So I already sent to a telegram.

So you need not to concern. So now this is easy for the reference, because I don't expect you just can remember at this moment, right? So one is in the north, the first wealth palace, right? So what you need to do second off and then Southwest and then Southeast and then East. Then you say, I would say, why you need to, how do you know all these four boxes? Because coming from here, I already signed the chart.

So your job is very simple. Go through this four boxes, whether it contains wealth element or not. Let's start with Southwest.

Is number one is wealth element. Yes or no? Yes. Okay.

So, and then let's go to Southeast. South is number three. Is it a wealth element? Just check here, right? Nine, one, two, four.

Yes or no? No. Cancel it. So how about is number two? Is it a wealth star? Yes.

And how about the north? Okay. Is this a good wealth house or not? Yeah, pretty good, right? You score, you know, you need to land. Basically my point here is not, it's not enough just to have the wealth numbers.

You need to land in the wealth location. Clear? People take one year to learn this. Now I'm telling you this is the most easiest, yet the powerful way to learn Flyingstar for period nine.

And if you learn before, you know what I'm talking about, right? So it's very clear. So now you know this, I'm going to add one more layer to it. Okay.

Because people like rating one, you know? Yeah. Just like, I actually survey for hotels for holiday. What do we do normally? We look for rating, right? So some of them, if out of five star, if it's a four star out of five, is it a good place to stay? Like it's pretty good, right? So now is it has to be very accurate is 4.1. No, roughly, you know, because it's a collective opinion from certain group of people.

So what if I can share with you also the rating rather than, you know, okay. Three out of four is good, right? Would you be even better if you know roughly the rating of the wealth energy in this house? So if you want to know, it's very simple. You just need to, I'm going to send you this file.

Okay. So this, this is the points use. Let me clear this first.

Okay. Okay. Now they are sending you the file already.

So just be patient. It's coming. So now if you've got number four, you've got 40 points.

If you've got number one, 30 points. Number two is 10. Why is 10? Because it's super slow.

And four, pretty good, 20. So that's how you score your flying star chart. So now let's do this again.

Circle all the, all the wealth palaces first. East, southeast, southwest and north. Remember just now we do that.

Then which one is the wealth star? The three in the southeast definitely is not. Cancel this, but they are three, right? So it's, we got number nine from the north. I got number one from southwest and I got number two here.

So now apply the rating. How, how many points if you've got number nine? 40 points, right? So here is 30 and then number two, you got 10. So how much is this? 80% strength roughly.

And again, this is a guesstimate percentage. All right. So at least you know.

So this is the one. So some of you ask, do you actually look at the center? No, good question. We don't care about the center.

Why? Very simple. Because the chart don't ask you to look at the center. Only four location.

Alex won. Do you understand? Now you try to break rules. Okay.

My God, burn in period nine. Don't. I already clearly mentioned here only four sectors to look at.

All right, good. Okay. Now, so 80%.

So can I say that if you buy a house, this house is a period nine house and then facing south two or south three, you got this formation. I just telling you the logic behind. So once you know the logic, you can do on every house.

Every flying star chart. I don't want to remember which facing direction is good. There's so many.

All right. So you do this, you have this mindset. You can read any chart.

You might think, is this same thing applied to period eight chart or period seven or six? Yes. Same formula. Okay.

So someone say check in the center. I don't care, Karen, because it's not part of the discussion. Karen, do you understand? Whether you check in the center or not, it doesn't matter.

It's not part of the focus point. There are only four boxes you need to consider. All right.

Good. Okay. So once you know this, let's do some practical.

Okay. Now let's do this house here is a period nine house. How do I know it's a period nine? Because center is nine.

It says it's a period nine house. You look at your chart. You look at the PDF file.

It'll be like that. You look at all the flying star under period nine. All the chart center will be number nine.

Isn't it? So there's a quick way to tell this is a period nine house. So now what is the first thing to do here? We're going to circle all the well palace. One, two, three, four.

Then we will go through each of them. Three. Well star? Well star or not? No.

Very good. Five. Well star? No.

Four. Yes. Two.

Yes. So now we're going to apply the rating. You've got four.

You've got two, right? Number four give you how many points? 10. Number two give you 10. So you only got 30.

That's the rating for the wealth potential of this house. Interesting. Okay.

Is that easy? So now you can choose which house is good for you. You own a new superpower already. Okay.

Now let's do our next one. Okay. How about this? So what is the first step here, guys? Circle all the wealth palace, which in fact you should already know by now.

North, east, southeast and southwest. This formula stands until when? Period nine. Okay.

If you remember this, it's even better because you're not going to change every year now. This one will stay the same until the whole period nine. Only 2044, you'll come and attend Iverson class for period nine feng shui.

Okay. Remember that. All right.

So now the thing is like this. We do the same thing. Look at the top right number.

Five. Not well start. Four.

Yes. So I put a four here. Good.

Six. No. Seven.

Also no. So four. How many points for the four? 20%.

Okay. Having go through a few examples here. Now, do you know how to rate the wealth element in every chart? Okay.

Someone said I forgot the one. Why I forgot the one, guys? Huh? Qing Xing Liang? Because it's not part of the wealth palace. Okay, guys.

You understand Qing Xing Liang? Now you understand, huh? So someone say Faisal chart change every year. No, because this is your house chart. This is not the annual chart.

Okay. All right. So Susanti, it change is the yearly energy, but your house energy is the same.

Yeah. Susanti and Greg, you ask this question because of everything has changed. No.

It doesn't change until you buy a new house. Okay. All right.

Cool. So now I want to know that do you feel confident right now to check? So even if period eight or period seven is still the same thing. You don't care.

I don't bother by what period of your house is. Formula will stay the same. Yeah.

Okay. All right. Cool.

So now you actually earn a new superpower. The superpower here is, you know, now you know which is the direction you can buy a house at higher wealth capacity. And you can do it easily.

If you do it a few times, I'm sure you can compute the rating just like seconds. Yeah. There are two ways I can do this.

I can tell, okay, at least down all the direction you mean to memorize probably 20 of them. But I'm going to give you the ability to do it yourself. So whether it's a period one house, period two, stretch to period nine, you still can do the same.

Okay. Kellyn asked, is this applied to apartment building? Yes. Remember just I tell you, if you're apartment building, you still use this formula.

Okay. Jamie say my house got good rating. Gonna optimize it.

Yes. Now you have great potential because you cannot move the mountain. But right now let's do something on it.

So now let me just give you something you can think about here. If this is your house, let's say this is a house. Let me see this one.

Let me clear this drawing. Okay. Now let's say right now you're Feng Shui consultant and you got this assignment.

You want to check this house here. So do the same thing. First of all, circle all the wealth palace first.

So South East is the same if you notice. Okay. So all of it is here.

So now you check, right? So which one got wealth element? You see this is the one and then this is the one. Correct. Easy.

So just one more. Okay. How about this one? This one wealth element good or not? Only got one, right? Here are number four.

So let's do a one that have... I'm going to find the one that good rating for you. Ah, this one, I guess. Okay.

So now same formula. This one, this one, this one, and this one. So we got number one here is good.

Number three, no, not wealth star. Number two is good. So number in the North also good.

So two, nine, one. So let's say this is your house, like just now Jamie, right? You say, I got this. Then how do I optimize this? You know, this three area is good for you.

Agree? All right. So which means the thing here is you can position or work on one of those area. Jamie or any one of you here.

Now let's say discover this is your chart. Just imagine, let's say this is a house. You know that these are the right wealth star land in the right palace, right? So can you choose this Southwest? Of course.

What you say? Okay. Southwest is occupied by my mother-in-law. She refused to move.

Nevermind. Okay. Go to the North also can, right? Also go to the East.

But if you have a choice, let's say there are three options for you. A, B, C. Which one are you going to choose? North? Yeah. B, right? Why? Why? Why you choose B? Because number nine, number nine is the fastest, correct? All of you are so smart.

Remember I told you number nine is the fastest before period nine, right? But let's say number nine not available. Let's say it's a toilet. Which then it gives you only A and C. Which one? Yeah.

C. Take someone out from the room. Tell them it's a five yellow room. Get them out.

Okay. Can do this. You get the C one, right? Because if you get the two is the slowest.

Cannot. And you get fat some more, right? Number two is an earth star, right? Better not. Then choose number one.

Equally good. So Southwest is where you put your desk. Work there.

Do your reading. Negotiate. Or doing an interview.

Everything you can do there. Zoran say what if it's a kitchen? Can work and cook at the same time. Depends on the size of the kitchen.

It's very big. Then probably you can do something on it. Otherwise you have no choice.

You use the other one. Okay, cool. So this is how to do it.

And one thing here is like this. If let's say we know this area is good, right? Because North sector and nine here. What if you see a door here? Is it good? Yes.

Which means it's already activated. Automatically. It's already.

You already have. I would say 24-7 subscription already. You don't need to put a desk right in front of your door.

No need. Okay. So which means the whole style already activated by the wealth star.

It's not a choice. Even you refuse it, it will still come in. Okay.

All right. Good. So and the thing is like this.

Let's say this is a main door reactivated. And you discover this one also good, right? Remember just now number one also good. Either you move here or you if there's a window around this area, you open it.

It will also allow the energy to come in. Okay. So door or window.

This is called automatic trigger. If it's not, you need to do it manually. You move there and stay there and look there.

Then you get all the energy. Because you are there, right? You get it first. If you just have a window energy coming in, but you need to share with all the residents.

What if there's a window there? You open it and you also inside that room. You get everything. Yeah.

Window is important because once you open the window, allow you to access the environment. Okay. Cool.

So this is how you do this. Okay. Some of you say, what if there's none of the web sector has a good numbers? Then you have no choice.

You just follow where the nine is. Now, you know, even the nine is in the wrong sector, but you don't have a choice, right? So you just use it. So, you know, that next time when you buy a new house, you better make sure you comply to it.

That's it. Yeah. For example, like, let me show you one example.

Okay. This house here. You want to set up Feng Shui here.

We do the same thing, right? We circle all this. Let's say your favorite is number nine. Where's number nine? Northeast.

Is it part of the wealth palace? No. Then what you need to do? If you still do it, you still assess it. Just the nine is not that powerful.

Underutilized. Sometime working, sometime not. Better than nothing, right? So which means the number nine become emo.

You know what is emo means? They become emotional. Sometime the number nine no mood, they don't, they don't, they don't work. They might take sabbatical leave.

But when their mood is good, they will help you a lot. But better than nothing, right? Yeah. So we call this emo number nine.

But what if it's land into the wealth palace? Yeah. That is the dedicated star that availability is 24 seven. Okay.

Understand. Okay. So yeah.

So this is how you actually look into this. Tan Ivy asks, how about office building? Is it apply the same? Yes. Yeah.

If you know this information, if you have the power to change the location where your desk is now, you become good. Yeah. Tan Ivy.

Then, but if you are, it's like that, right? It's like the Feng Shui, right? Be like, if your company's success are based on your leader, you normally put the leader in a good position. Now you know how to do this. Okay.

I understand. So just now we talk about nine, one, two, right? So nine is the fastest and then followed by one and two. What is this? Number five, number four, doing that.

Number 12. Number four, basically is about ideas or creation. So if you look at this chart here, although number nine is not in the right location, do you see number four here in the east? Do you see that? Yes.

So you might think, right? What does that mean? This one about creative, create products or business or idea to make money. Then you still can put a table here. Use this one.

Number four. Okay. All right.

Cool. So you might think, okay, number four, why number four is part of this equation? Because number four star is untimely. If you learn, if you learn flying star, the classic one, why number four is powerful in period nine? Because number four can form four nine is a her two combination.

Okay. It's a her two. If you don't know now, you know, it's a her two.

Okay. And also one thing here, the four, when you see number one, one four combination is powerful. Yeah.

This is, uh, this is, uh, if you learn Feng Shui, purple, white, purple, white, we also like one four. So do you see number four is good. Number four is not the most powerful star in period nine because nine is, because it's form a her two with number nine, it become like the sister of the king or the close relative of the king or queen.

Is it powerful or not? Yeah. So nine, when you, uh, number four is like close relative of the king or queen. So they're themselves, they are not powerful.

So what this person do, since they are not powerful, they like to give idea, right? Need to be, remain relevant, right? This person will give a lot of idea to number nine, which is what to say, what to take, how to strategize. This is the one. So in this case here, if there's your house, I will ask them what they're doing.

If their work got to do with a lot of content creation, you know, ideas, how to solve problem. Basically there are strategies. I'll ask them to use number four here instead, rather than this email number nine.

Okay. I hope that answer Jamie question just now, how to optimize this and the rest of you, you don't have this insight. If you don't have it, then you use the emo star.

The emo star can come either number nine or one, right? As when they are not in their wealth location, they become emo, right? Because they don't feel like themselves. They are out of the tribe. Okay, guys, do you understand that is the concept? Okay.

So now you know how to arrange it for wealth perspective. So you can be there. You, you, you do this.

Then is it, you might think, I thought you need to calculate everything. I don't care. You have my own house.

I only focus on important area. Is my wealth star in there. Everything is fixed.

You enjoy life. Because Feng Shui are not designed to restrict your life until you do the important thing. The rest, you can do whatever you want.

Do you guys agree? Like every day at 24 hours, right? As long you set out the important things and you complete it, what you're going to do with the rest of the hours is up to you. You answer to no one. You do whatever you like, because it's your life.

That's how you get more freedom using Feng Shui rather than become restricted. All right. So someone at least ask why is, is the wealth sector? Because this concept come from direct and indirect spirit.

Okay, cool. So now can I share with you one, uh, also very powerful millionaire setup or not? Do you want to learn? Okay. So now think about this in period nine, the way, the way we make money actually coming from, are you going to make fast money? If you do it yourself, it's very slow.

Remember yesterday, we talk about collaboration. When we look at the annual chart of 2026, which also the director's script of whole period nine, still remember the rock wealth element? Instead of competing, you collaborating with them. So therefore, in order to collaborate, you think anyone would like to collaborate with you? Maybe not, right? They'll ask, what can you offer? So therefore you need to have noblemen.

You want to attract more right people into your life so you can make money faster. They give you opportunities to do something. Okay.

Like for me, when I started, you know, I don't know, and I don't know a lot of people and Dr. Joey, Dr. Joey Yap, give me opportunity. He tell me, I have got a platform for you. You go there and speak.

Okay. Learning yourself over there. So he is my nobleman.

He's helping me. All right. Now you're a programmer.

You know, you don't know how to speak. I might go on stage. You are, you're, you're so scared about so many things.

Your palms are sweaty. There's no way, no motivation thing can go for you. You need to jump into the water and then get used to it.

So don't you think he's my nobleman? He helped me, give me the platform. So, and I also set up my house to activate my nobleman star in the house. Otherwise you think about this, right? How can I move forward? If I do it alone, it take very long time.

When, you know, yeah. So in period nine, if you plan to do it alone, you don't want to tap into other people, help other people platform. You're going to losing out.

So in order to do that in period nine, you want fast feng shui, you nobleman feng shui technique becomes super important. And I'm going to show you now. Yeah.

This is the one. Okay. Nobleman feng shui technique.

Are you guys ready? Ready for this? This is another technique. All right. Move things fast.

So in order to do this, it's like this. First of all, I'm going to send you this chart first. Order submitted.

So you don't feel formal. Order submitted. Okay.

Now you got this. I think the team already sent to you. Okay.

Very good. So this one is very simple. You look at which one is your day master.

So let's say, yeah, let's say I use my, my day master. I'm a yang fire. How many of you here are yang fire? Yang fire.

Okay. All right. Good.

So your nobleman is pig and rooster. Therefore it located in the northwest tree of your house and west too. Only if you're yang fire or ting fire.

Now I know my, my, my one is in either pig or rooster location. Therefore now I go to, I go to the next. I go to application now.

Sample plan. Sample for plan. I overlay 24 mountain to it.

Like this. After you take a direction, you overlay something into this. Okay, guys, can you send a 24 mountain to them? Under the telegram folder.

One say 24 mountains chart. Try to open it first to confirm. It looks something like this.

Then you send, send it over to the telegram channel now. You overlay it. So let's say now you're helping Iverson.

This is, let's say, this is my house. Just now you discovered that as a ping fire person, the nobleman are two, right? One is pig and then one is rooster. So do you see this is a pig location? Yes.

Okay. All right. So let me clear this.

This area is a pig and it also stated Northwest three. So this is the nobleman sector. So where is my nobleman sector is Northwest three.

So it's under Northwest. Okay, guys. Okay.

Now you're helping Iverson to set up his house. You know, the nobleman is there. The quickest way to do this is in my actual, this is not my real house plan.

My actual house in the Northwest three sector. I actually have a sliding door, which I open all the time. Okay.

Yeah. Because Ralph is not just about working hard, you know, he's meeting the right people to help you. That's the fastest way.

Okay. Yeah. But let's say you're greedy.

Just now I heard that you have two noblemen, right? So another one is here. Rooster, remember? Yeah, that's rooster. So I can set up something here.

So the quickest way I, you have a window there, you open it. Because at the time I designed my house, I purposely make it that way. I make sure that the open area is there.

So I need not to think about it. I need not to activate it. I just open it, it's already activated.

Or even if it's your main door is also activated. Okay. So some of you ask what, how many of you don't have, you know, your nobleman sector, but you don't have any window.

Okay. If you don't have any window, then let's say in this chart here, there are no window here. Okay.

There are no window here. So it's just an area. So second option here is you move in that area to work.

You position you in that area to work. Can or not? To attract noblemen. Maybe it's not your wealth sector is fine.

Because it's a totally different technique. Don't try to combine. Just start talking about wealth.

This one is noblemen. Yeah, people. All right.

So activation is you move in that second technique. All right. So now some of you ask about what if, what if is a toilet then how? Then there are two area, right? For me, this is one area.

Then you try option number two. Yeah. Then you think, okay, I was on what if this two area also toilet, toilet number one and toilet number two, then how? Means that no, no solution for you already.

Okay. So consider a series of very bad house. Just joking.

Okay. If let's say this two area, you also cannot use. Okay.

So it's like this. Can I teach you something slightly advanced? Just a little bit on it. Yeah.

Just like 8.76%. Okay. All right. Cool.

So this one got to do with timing. Okay. Take a deep breath first.

Okay. Order submitted. Order submitted.

Stop failed. Order submitted. Order submitted.

Stop failed. Stop failed. Order submitted.

Order failed.

and you cannot rely on this, you need to use timing. So in order to use timing, I'm going to send you one, hold on, and let me send you the file first. Okay, I'm going to send you this file. 

Do you see it now? Monthly Flying Star Charts. Guys, can you send it to them? It's a PDF file in the telegram. Yes, that's the one.

Okay, remember just now, remember just now where is my Norberman sector? Northwest 3. Still remember? So in this case here, you just regard it as Northwest. So this is not the chart you're seeing right now, it's not your chart, it's the annual energy and monthly. So of course you want to know what it is.

We don't, first of all, we don't care about the big numbers. Because you realize the big numbers are always the same? Do you realize this? Why it's always the same? Because it's an annual star. So for one year, they'll stay the same. 

So the one that we want is not the big number, it's the small numbers. Let's say my Norberman is in Northwest, so I just pay attention to all the Northwest box, all the Northwest box here, where I see number 9. So can I say that number 9 arrives in my Northwest box from February 4th until March 4th? Yes or no? Yes. So this is my activation month, how to activate later, alright? So now let's move on here. 

How about March 5th to April 5th? I'm still looking at Northwest because Northwest is my Norberman sector. Your Norberman sector could be different, right? Then you look for your own respective sectors. So mine is Northwest, I got number 8. Can I activate? Is number 8 is a wealth star? No. 

So I don't activate here. Then this one also 7, so I cannot activate here. 6, I cannot activate. 

5, I also cannot activate. 4, okay, good. This one I can, number 4, right? So then the next one will be 3, cannot. 

2, no, because too slow, because already year-end. 1, alright, good. So basically, if you look at the chart here, then the next one will be number 9 again. 

Very good, I can activate. So now I can see that, you know, from here, there are a lot of certain months I can activate. Okay, I haven't teach you how to activate yet, just mean that month you can activate your Norberman star. 

How many of you here follow me? Yeah, this is extra for you. So you look for the month where the wealth star arrives in your Norberman sector. Once you discover that, let me show you the chart again.

Okay, so just now my Norberman is in the peak, right? So on the activation month, let's say there are no doors here, some people, they put water to activate their sector, but at least right now, I don't advise you to do it, okay, because water might activate other things, you know, you activate wrong things already, maybe your armpit hair is dropping or stop growing, you don't blame me, alright? So we'll use a safe, I would say, way to do it. Some people activation is as simple as, okay, that time they open a fan or something, normally they don't open, they put a fan there, they just open like 10 minutes or something to stir up the energy on that month, okay, because that just now we discovered that February is a good month, right? So during February, I go to this area or I can move a furniture in and out just to stir up the energy a little bit, then it will get activated. So let's say you have a sofa there, for example, and then you just move in and out, which normally you don't move, if anything that you move every day, then it will not regard as activation. 

Of course, you don't move your sofa every day, right? So on that day, on that month, you move it, okay? Remember just now, Feb is one of those months, so during Feb 2026, I go to the area, if I have a standing fan or table fan, I switch it on for like 10 minutes, stir up the energy a little bit, it consider activation or you move something over there, all right? So use sound, sound I would say might not be the best, okay? Unless it's really loud, you know, better not, okay? So this is the one you can move, something heavy you can move on it, okay? Now, can I give you one more thing? Because the whole month, right, there are so many days. Since I'm activating the peak, among the Tung Shu chart, choose what day, peak day to activate, okay? Do you understand? Because my normal is peak, right? I found the sector, I overlay with the monthly star chart just now, and then, but it's only till the month, remember just now we go through the monthly star, it's only the month, right? Month, there are so many days. So you want to be more precise, among the month, choose the peak day. 

How do you know which one is the peak day? Because peak is my normal Monday, right? So you look at the Tung Shu calendar I sent yesterday, okay? You get a peak day, that day you can do it. Are you guys clear now? This is optional, if you are lazy, you don't want to choose the peak day, it's fine. Why choose the peak day? Because it's my normal month star. 

If your normal month star is other animal sign, then you choose that day. Okay, guys, understand? This is how you can use normal month for period 9, and this is important, it's a very important thing to do in period 9. Okay, now I want to give you one thing you need to know first. Every time you use the month star chart, first thing first, before start, for the big number, you avoid number 5. So you tell me, all the big number in 2026, where the number 5 resides? Where the number 5 is? South, right? You see all number 5? Yeah, so which means in 2026, if your normal month is in the south, you cannot use, because number 5 is 5 yellow. 

So every year, there's always a number 5. So how many of you here, your normal month star is horse? Okay, if your sin matter, definitely your normal month is horse, right? So, but you say, oh, but I want to activate south. Cannot, for this year. Then you use what? Beside horse, you got tiger, right? Use something else. 

Are you guys clear? Only this is, so this one, we rotate every year. This is the thing you need to take care. All right, so let me show you what I mean here.

So remember just now, I showed you the normal month chart. There we go. So you want to activate, right? You see, you look at, if your day master is sin matter, if you want to use the horse, you cannot use, because horse reside in the south. 

2026 south is the 5 yellow, you cannot use. So I put a sign here, okay? Are you guys clear? Only for this year, you cannot use, because it's a 5 yellow. So now, why I also cross this one? Because next year is the year of horse, isn't it? Horse clash with what? Rat. 

So the rat for 2026 also cannot use. So these are the two preliminary filtering you need to do before you implement this technique. Elaine asked if year 2255 yellow is in north-east, means we cannot activate north-east.

Let's say it's like that, then yeah, you cannot, you cannot activate, okay? So it's no choice, it's a main door, there's no choice, right? So it just happened like that. You don't, you don't, you cannot do anything, because you don't do anything extra. The main door is there first, before the 5 yellow come. 

So you still can use it, but you don't go and change your door on that year. You guys understand? It's more like who come first, okay? If your door is there, then there's a 5 yellow, if you don't, because you're the host, right? Then, then only they come to you, then that one is fine. But after the 5 yellow come, then you start renovate, then you trigger it.

That's the thing, okay? So 5 yellow, normally we would like to avoid the, the 5 yellow first, okay? Cool? Yeah, so now I'm telling you what, what did I share here, their three framework. First one is external, I'm telling you the right mountain location and the function of the location. I'm also telling you how do you identify a good wealth house, regardless either your period 1 or 2 until period 9. And also how do you move, choose where the desk is to tap in into a good wealth energy. 

Okay, and finally, how do you activate your Normalman? Because in period 9, Normalman formula is very useful, especially in this internet age, right? You need followers, you need to meet the right people, you want people to refer to you. Normalman style is the one. Yeah, now you have this, you look into your house again, you see a different way. 

We can do changes. And don't you think it's also useful when you're looking for a new house right now? Is it useful? Yeah, you measure direction, you plot a chart, you know how to plan everything. So this, what I'm sharing with you here is the one that I'm applying for myself and my client.

When I look at my house at the time, Normalman sector has to be good. If you use Normalman sector, it means you don't just rely on your parter chart, right? Because Normalman is not you, so they're immune to your parter chart. Let's say you don't have a good parter chart, you use Normalman. 

Yeah, you further enhance you, it might not be the smart move, right? You might get results, yes, but it'll be slower. But Normalman is not you. They have their own parter chart. 

So it's another way of helping you. Good? Okay, so I think you got all this. I think the team also sent you the 24 mountains rating as well, so you use that to check on your property. 

So Lucy asked if your house is a period 7 or period 8, are the wealth sectors still the same? Yes. We don't care what your house period is. We always look at the 4 wealth sectors. 

Do you guys understand? Yes, you understand. Basically, I don't care what period of your house is. The wealth formula is still the same because all of us here are in period 9 right now. 

And of course, the formula will change when we reach period 1, okay? But the changes also apply to all the houses. Same formula. But after period 1, the formula will be different, but it's not only different for period 1 house. 

It's different across. It's like a global update. Okay, cool? So I want you to digest a little bit here. 

Yeah, you can watch replay. Some of you are new here, but these are great stuff for you to get started on how to maximize your house using the Earthrealm to get the wealth energy. All right, I'm going to stop for a break right now for 15 minutes, and I'll see you on chapter number 5 very soon, okay? Take a break. 

Grab a coffee or something. Okay, the team just sent you the parter chart as well for 2026. So some of you requested that. 

Now you got it in the telegram already, okay? So while during the break just now, I actually go through some of the questions. So some of you here, you asked about day one question. I would say we rather don't do it here because you confuse a lot of people. 

Okay, so let's stick by one by one. So some of you asking day one question. I urge you to watch the replay, and then next time we discuss that again, right? If we cannot, then during some of our bonus session, we'll talk about it. 

So now, okay, let's look. Some questions here are related like Fren Chang. Okay, Fren Chang asked a question about identifying the facing of a landed property. 

So let me just show you this to answer Fren Chang's question. Okay, all right. So Fren Chang say, try to figure out facing direction of my house. 

Is it based on the front door facing? A house faces main road northwest, and the main door facing southwest. Okay, let's see. Let's do some drawing here. 

Okay, let's see. You need to bear with me because my drawing is pretty bad. Okay, let's say this is a landed house. 

Yeah, it's a house. All right, just in case you're wondering. So let's say the house here.

So now if I ask you to determine where is the facing, let's see. This is A, and this is B. Choose one. Is it A or B? If you were to decide. 

Okay, a lot of you here mentioned A. All right. Okay, cool. So I think what Fren Chang actually mentioned is maybe his main door is not here. 

Maybe it's here. That's where they get into the house. So now after this new piece of information, then where is the facing direction? It's still A. All right. 

So because a lot of us think facing direction is where the door is. That one is door facing direction, and we talk about the building facing direction. Okay, guys? Understand? There are certain techniques that use face direction. 

You're welcome, Fren Chang. So now you understand, all right? So we still pick A as the one. So as long as you remove the door equation into it, it becomes easy to you. 

Because most of the time, it's not easy to identify the facing direction. It's super easy. Like right now, if I'm talking to you, I'm facing here, right? Am I facing here? Yes? Directly here. 

Okay, so what if my finger pointing here, where am I facing right now? Here, A or B? A. Okay, good. So how do you know? I didn't teach you before? How do you know this? Instinct? Right, somehow you know one, right? So what I put another thing here, where am I facing? A, B or C? It's still A, right? What if I close my eyes? Still A. As now, since you get it, means you know how to identify facing direction. I didn't teach you that. 

You know one, you know? Yeah, where is the facing? Because most people, when they architect the design, there's always the facade of the building or the house. Okay, cool. All right, this is the thing. 

And some of you just might notice, you ask, why we need to, if you live in a high-rise building, why you need, why you look at the whole building instead of one unit itself? It's because, it's like this. Feng Shui Flying Star, let's say I, now, this is a high-rise building, okay? Okay, like that. So if you were to take the facing, we go down here and take, and not inside the unit, because Flying Star Feng Shui still consider this as one building. 

Yeah, it's still considered a one building, share the same roof. All the unit is just considered the room inside the house. You guys get, are you guys, do you feel me? All right, so you might, oh, I'm in the 10th floor and I'm in the first floor, it's still one, maybe one room inside the house, because all share the same roof.

Because inside your unit, you might not be facing here. Maybe your unit is facing here. Do I care? No, because I look as the building itself. 

You are just one of the building there. Okay, all right, so some of you ask about, what about is a building is a L-shape or C-shape? Why not I ask you again, what if it's a H-shape, J, P, Q, A, B-shape? Use your instinct. Okay, I cannot say you use a B, you look at, the house design will tell you. 

Yeah, imagine like you want to take a so-called, you take a photo, let's say a real estate agent, you want to list your house, so anyone can rent. Where do you take the photo from? Very likely that one will be the facing. Yeah, it's about the facade of the building. 

Are you guys okay? All right, so for Flying Star, we use the building facing, not the unit facing. There are other formulas, not Flying Star, they will use the unit facing. But when you apply Flying Star Feng Shui method, our reference point, obviously the whole building. 

Okay, are you guys clear? But not all Feng Shui methods, right? There are so many Feng Shui methods, right? Sam Kung Dagua, it mentioned, there are so many of it. So each of them require different criteria. Yeah, for example, if you use Shimon Feng Shui, they're more concerned about is your door sector.

Different. Are you guys okay with this? All right, you imagine each Feng Shui formula have their own criteria to come up with a reading, then you're fine. Okay, nice.

So I hope this answer your question. What if it's an S building, or Q, or W? Use your instinct. There are so many different, but most of it here is easy, right? Other than that, if you still cannot find out, ask your friend, where do you think it's facing? You know, like just now I asked you, right, where do I face? Instinctively, you know. 

Okay, Angelica asked, I would say, would you ever do Yi Jing Feng Shui webinar? I haven't done it before. Okay, that one is very technical. You need some very strong understanding about the Yi to do it.

Okay, for now. Yeah, maybe in future I can teach this. Yeah, but so far, no. 

I'm using more Flying Star Feng Shui because it's quick and it's fast. All right, I hope, I think all of you here, actually, I think I answered most of your question here. Okay, let's see.

Okay, Mondry asked, I live in a three-story building. I'm on the ground floor with my own door. So do I use my door, building door or building? So now, what do you think? After I explained to you, Mondry, you're living in a three-story building. 

I'm on the ground floor with my own door. So do you use my door as a building door? Of course, the building door. All right, because they are three. 

Now you get it, right, Mondry? All right, good. Okay, Todd asked, what do, if I can't find out year of birth of the house? It's 20 years. Come on. 

All right, if you cannot find, go and do research. Yeah, if you don't know when the house is built, go and do research. Yeah, ask the tenant or management. 

That one is not Feng Shui problem. That one is commitment problem. How far are you going to go to track it? Like some people that track the lineage? Yeah, do it. 

Yeah, don't just sit down there, right? Find information, do research. Chat with the township planner. Can explain if award rat and horse, why only number five award? Because number five in Feng Shui is called five yellow. 

So the energy is very volatile. So for beginner, we rather avoid it because it's like this, you know, five is, is more, you think like Emperor stuff. So a lot of people like to be Emperor. 

Yeah, but their life is not easy. Even a lot of people want to be Elon Musk, right? You see what's so cool, right? Bill of money, bitterness, private jet, but you don't want to be like him. It's hard to be like him. 

You don't know how much pressure you need to endure. Yeah. So many things happen at the same time. 

You need to run the company. There's so many companies that need to maintain profit. Look at the bottom line. 

A lot of people want the effect of it. Yeah. But the process, do you think anyone want to be, let me ask you, do you want to be Elon Musk? Not just the wealth, you know, is that the person who is every day, he need to go through all this.

You have to run a company. Do I have time to do this and that committed? No one want to. So if you go through number five, you have something like this and people don't like, you might get fired for no reason, or maybe there are some unpleasant setbacks. 

So we avoid it. For example, if you use number five, suddenly you got fired without no reason. And then after that, you went on your way back, discover your car broke down. 

So many things, right? So better not. People are like that, right? You cannot use people, try to use it. You think that's human nature, right? You tell them, don't dig that spot on the ground. 

They're going to dig it first. So for now, can you just don't use number five? Cannot, guys. Cannot. 

There are so many things you can use out of all of the things you still want number five, there are no point. They are like someone who purposely choose a drug addict to become their boyfriend because they want to change that person. You want to do it, up to you. 

But some people say, wait, why not I marry someone that is stable in their finance and everything. But I say, no, I want to find the hardest job in the world. I want to do it.

So if you want to, then of course, no one can stop you. But I always advise beginners, don't do that first. You might not have the tenacity or resilience to handle those volatility.

Okay. All right. No, the answer now, forbidden sector. 

Okay. All right. So now let's move on to this chapter number five. 

Let me just show you this first. Okay. So we go through number four now about Feng Shui. 

Chapter number five is about seven star path to modern wealth. Okay. How many of you heard about seven stars? Have you heard about it? Okay. 

All right. Good. A lot of you heard about it, right? So, and there'll be a lot of different version of this.

So I'm going to clarify and how can you make use of this to help you in your wealth journey. Okay. So, and, uh, in order to do this, first of all, I want to show you something that I discover while talking to some rich people. 

And after discussion with them, you know, I always like to ask those people, like, how do you make it? What are you, what, how you think about a situation? What are the mistake we should avoid in building wealth? I ask all those questions. Sometimes it's fun being a consultant, you know, people pays money to you to read their chart, but when you think is wonderful, if you're able to ask question back to the clients, sometimes I do ask back, you know, you had to get their wisdom or their great advice. So after so many years, so many years doing this, I actually compiled, there are three things that have been mentioned consistently among all the and I'm going to share with you right now. 

Okay. This is not metaphysics, but just to tell you, you know, success lives group. I want to go through this quickly first before I move into seven star path. 

Are you okay? All right. So there you go is the super rich playbook. The playbook here, it consists of three days. 

Okay. Let me show you this one. Okay, guys, can you send this to them and all? Let me explain.

You're going to get it shortly. Now I think they already sent it to you. Okay. 

So this one here, the first one, I think, you know, right? Remember yesterday we talk about value. So this, in summary, you need to be useful all the time. That's why you see a lot of rich people that continue to learn, even they already reached certain level. 

Yeah. It's not about making more money. It's about who they are. 

Yeah. It's just wired that way. So remember yesterday, we talk about value. 

All right. Value creation, they continue to improve. So that's the one.

So now in Pazer, you also can know that every year, whether your value or impact got increased or not. For example, let me show you a chart. You just need to scroll down from the start in your Pazer chart, scroll down here into this part.

Impact got to do with output. All right. So now this person original output at this location, but in 2025 is represented by the purple color diagram. 

Is it increased or decreased? The purple color diagram is here, right? Decreased. Less. So which means that his impact for this year generally will be lesser. 

So you need to what? Learn more, be more. This is how you use it. Okay. 

Let me give you another example here. Okay. For this chart here.

Now this is good. Original value is here. So this year is increased. 

What does it mean? Are you useful this year? Are you? Yes. A lot of impact you can make, right? So don't be lazy. There are so many people you can help, so many difference you can make. 

So don't waste the year. Easy. Okay. 

So therefore, but this is the advice, you know, from the rich, you need to be useful. And then now the second thing here, master cash allocation. So first of all, do you guys know what is your net? How much is your net worth? Do you know that some of you do, some of you don't know, some of you, you might have a ballpark figure of it. 

So if you want to be rich, you say master cash allocation. Yeah. This is very important because once I realize this, then I start to see improvement in my finance. 

Okay. So let me share with you this, this thing here. You must remember this. 

Okay. Now let me tell you how to use this. Net profit represent your salary after minus expenses. 

The remaining, let's say you, after minus all your expenses, you got 10,000. This is the ratio you need to put. Okay. 

60% in safety, 30% on investment and another 10% in NQA. So don't care. Every time you have money coming in, allocate in these three buckets when you're extra. 

You might think, Hey, Alison, I just make money from crypto. What should I do? Don't go and buy cars now. Reinvest the money, put it in 60% here and 30% investment and NQA 10%. 

Just don't think, just continue to do. That's what I do that time. I just repeat the whole process because in the end, actually, how do you allocate asset actually is not that hard, right? But the hard part is remaining consistent. 

So what do it mean? NQA means no question asked. So you can buy whatever you want. Let's say after you do this, after five years, you got 1 million here. 

If you're able to get 1 million here, you realize your safety will be six times more, right? So when no question means that you don't need to ask permission, you buy whatever you like. Yeah. You want to buy a 1 million worth of Labubu, do it.

You know it's Labubu, right? Yeah. Some people like to buy different version from different country Labubu. So no one can question you because you already plan for your safety and investment. 

Let's say today you make another 100,000 from investment. You still need to spread into three bucket. So your safety will continue to increase. 

And why it is so important? Because after that, after I do this, I start to see, yeah, I can actually grow my wealth easier and faster and compounding. Because investment, sometimes you make money, sometimes you lose money. Agree or not? Yeah. 

But if you do this, yeah, it will cushion your loss because you already know investment only represent 30% of your income. Okay. Is it easy? Yes, it's easy, but also easy not to do. 

Agree or not? We don't have a system. We just spend whatever we like. Oh, this one got new iPhone, I'm going to buy it. 

That kind of thing. No. All right. 

So if you want to buy an iPhone, which bucket are you going to use? MQA. All right. You will buy a new iPhone. 

Okay. No one, you will buy 10 also. Okay. 

No problem. Okay. Safety is the money you don't use. 

You just put in. It's right. Unless there's an emergency.

Okay. How does it feel if you have a fund of, let's say 10 million in your bank account, does it feel good? Yeah. This part, because you actually, you don't work for money anymore.

You still can work. Yeah. But if even you got fired, it's nothing to you. 

And when you don't have pressure of money while working, would you be a better worker? Would you be more productive? Yes. Yes, of course. Because you don't have stress. 

So the third thing here is learn energy management. Yeah. This is super important because a lot of people think rich people, they manage their time well. 

Yeah. It's a myth because the first thing they do here is not about the time. They don't maximize their time. 

They manage their energy so they can last longer. What's the point being burned out by having also many schedule in and out. They don't manage time.

So right. Time management, cancel the time, put energy management. Okay. 

So you can last longer, you know, to manage your time to do different thing, not only just doing until burn out, you do something you like. Yeah. You do connection with people. 

All this require energy one, you know. So only by that you are balanced, you can last longer. Then you can perform better in your business. 

So in the seven star path are related to this. How do you actually manage this energy? Well, so the energy supporting you rather than lead you to burn out. How many of you here have a feeling of burn out already? There are so many things to do. 

So many, uh, deadlines, you know, pressure from the boss. It's normal right nowadays, you know, but normal doesn't mean it's the right thing. Yeah. 

I talked to an area. I was, so they are very stressed. So therefore learn how to banish that. 

So metaphysics has a way to do it. So I am going to actually share with you this part, the seven star path. Okay. 

So, uh, some of you have heard about this before. Some of you don't. Let me explain first.

So do you realize that that is a number seven, right? So number seven is sort of like, um, a special number or a magic number. Yeah. Because not only in metaphysics, this one actually are stay consistently in different culture. 

Like if you look at age, uh, I would say ageless wisdom. Yeah. They talk about the seven planes, like physical, emotional, and then mental Buddhic, spiritual, monadic, and divine total of seven. 

And if you look at Hinduism teaching, have you heard about seven states of consciousness? Now, if you study Hinduism, right. So also seven, you know, so if you look at, uh, because they have a 40 lokas, right? Seven heaven and seven hell. And if you look at Islam also seven heavens, if you actually study the pilgrimage to Mecca, they're actually circling the Kaaba, right? The Muslim holiest building. 

And how many rounds they do that? Seven rounds for them to experience the glory of God. Also seven. Okay. 

So if you look at, if you learn yoga, we talk about energy. Don't you think we also learn about seven chakras? How many of you here are yoga practitioner? No. Also seven. 

Okay. So all of this here, if you trace back, they actually trace back to the, uh, to the stars. Okay. 

This stars here is, is consistent throughout. It's the seven deepest star of the Northern Deeper. Yeah. 

So you see this path here. That's why they call this the path. Okay. 

So in Taoism, in Taoism. Yeah. So they also symbolize the seven star of the North Deeper as walking the star or pacing the deepest. 

Yeah. So that's what they are talking about. So the seven dots here, the stars is their seat as a ladder to seven heaven, or they call this the garden of the immortals, immortal.

So therefore this seven star apply to Feng Shui, Purple Star Astrology, Qimen. If you learn Qimen, you know this. So this is the seven star in the galaxy. 

But the thing is, this star looks like it's moving, but it's not. All right. Because, uh, it's always there, but because due to our earth keep orbiting the sun. 

So therefore by tracing the, uh, all this movement that plot into your Qimen chart, some of you learn Qimen chart, you actually discover that there are seven star. Some, sometime you get a one star, two star and seven stars, right? So that's where it is coming from. Okay. 

So now once we do this, let me share with you this, uh, this seven star here. There we go. Okay. 

Start from the bottom. Yeah. It looks like chakras, right? So you start from the bottom and then you go up to the sun. 

Sun is a seven, uh, uh, seven star. So let me give you some, uh, layman explanation here. So there you go.

So at the bottom, okay, guys, can you send, do you want this slide by the way? So fast. Very good. So now you see, this is a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, instead of just looking at ice, lighting, thunder and all this. 

So these are the meaning of it or the nature or the essence of the star. So in the old days, in the old days, how they get energized from this star is through this. Okay. 

If you look at the sky, you don't have the, this line. All right. Okay. 

This is people tracing it. So when in the old days, the Taoists, they want to erect or so-called connecting or borrow the energy from this seven star north deeper, they actually pacing or patao, we call it pacing the stars. So they walk the seven star path. 

So they follow this position, you know, to actually, uh, like they walk based on the path of the seven star to make a wish. How many of you here walk the seven star path before? Yeah. Sometimes we teach people how to do that, right? If you are in a disturbance club. 

Yeah. Why? Because it actually follow the path under the belief that as above, so below. So when you mimic the pattern of the path, then you get those energy. 

Okay. So that's how they walk on the earth to receive the energy because they follow the trail. It's a pattern universe energy recognized pattern. 

So that do it. Now, you know why you need to walk in certain way after you walk, then you make a wish, right? So this is the old days we show, but old days, the ritual are more complicated. Yeah. 

They need to select a certain timing. They need to draw some blood from the chicken. If you watch some Chinese movie, the ancient one, right. 

They set up a table, the author, and then, or, and that's always the chicken one. I don't know why. And then they kill the chicken with the blood and then they mix with the charm, something like that.

Okay. Then only to do the seven star path. Yeah. 

So now in the current world, in the modern days, they just do a prayers and then they walk the path. So the consistent part is the movement. Of course, right now, at least ask me to teach you how to walk. 

Okay. You know how to walk, right? Okay. So, oh, you're talking about seven star path, is it? Okay. 

So if you're talking about seven star path, yes, there are some Qimen program. Last time we did, we teach that, but don't worry right now, I'm not teaching you how to walk, but I've, I discover a better way to do this. Do you want to know how? Okay. 

You think about this, right? In the old days, in order to enact or to connect to those energy, they follow the trail. So it follow the characteristic of the star. So instead of trail, if I can do another way, also consistent with the seven star path principle, would it still work? Like knowing the meaning of each stars, then I do action related to those stars instead of walking. 

Is it possible or not? So I didn't change the formula. I just change the way to follow the pattern. Old days, they use movement, but now, since we know the meaning of the stars, if I do according to the meaning from one to seven, will I still get connected or not? Yes. 

As above, so below. So now if you look at the, uh, that's the reason I come up with this, uh, the meaning of each of the seven star path. So if you understand this, all the seven, then you are connected.

And how do we do this? You see, I already sent you this slide, right? Okay. Let's say number one, number one is the survivor star. Yeah. 

This is a star about uncertainty, right? When in a place where, or maybe in a war zone country, you don't know where they're going to survive tomorrow. They are lack of food. So number star, number one, when you are in danger, do you think about, uh, what, uh, which company should work for, or should I actually, um, meet girls tomorrow to get married? You don't have those plans because I want to buy a 100 inch TV. 

No. When you're in survival stage, security is the most important. Your goal here is just to survive another day. 

Make sense? Right? So that is the feeling. So scarcity, so they're unsafe. They fight to survive. 

That is number one star. So then you transit to desire when you're okay. A little bit, you have food to put on the table. 

This, you start to want things. You have desire. We have passion. 

So you have greed. You want more and more. Don't you think it's a human nature? Therefore, second star, star number two is about desire. 

Now, after you get more things, you want more, you get, then the third thing here, the material possession no longer satisfies you because you need recognition. You need power. You need status. 

Agree or not guys? Everyone start off wanting to be rich, right? Once they become rich, what happens? They say, okay, what was the point of having rich, but I don't have status. No one knows me. I'm nobody, right? So therefore it's the power part. 

So finally, on the level number four, this, I'm telling you one to three, the first one to three level here is a very unenlightened state because they're always angry. They always want more. They're focused more on themselves. 

Isn't it? It's all about me, me, me. So when they're rich, number four is connection. This connection means connection with yourself. 

It's a stage where consciousness begin, self-acceptance. So where self-awareness start to happen, they start to see their thought, they will evaluate their feeling and everything. So therefore this is where they are in the middle. 

They are neutral. Okay. So now move on to start. 

Number five is about growth. This is the part that you start to aware. You want to do good for others. 

There's a power of a group of people, work together, teamwork. So that one is under group because it's very slow. If you want to grow alone, right? So there's, this is about gathering people together. 

And finally, they'll go to us because I want you to know that number four is the middle line. This part here, there's growth means because here always me. All right. 

One, two, three, always me. When you go to five and above is always we already. So the growth represent other people.

And then number six is intuition. So this is a level that people can manifest. If your own destiny chart, you're level six, which means you're good in manifestation because you have a strong intuition. 

But only problem number six also means they easily depressed sometime because sometime they manifest light. Sometime they manifest darkness, right? So to be aware, but their intuition is strong. This is a part that win the war through the mind. 

You think about this. If you look at all this, uh, uh, true of history, what, what kind of war is the most, uh, the biggest and the most, uh, that affect millions of people, anything got to do with what religious, uh, uh, when, uh, when it's a religion, uh, interfere people willing to fight for it, agree in the old So therefore this level is the mind level. And finally the soul level, this one is not easier.

You know, this level here, besides just carry for human, you start to care for animal. You start to care for creatures. You want to save the wheel or something. 

All right. You feel that, right. You have compassion with the environment, uh, that, that, that level.

Uh, so you can know your default from the, your own destiny chart, but right now I'm not concerned about your destiny chart, what level, but the key thing here is if I know all the nature of these seven star and I convert that into, um, uh, problems, uh, nature, because all of these star got their own problems, uh, money problems. And then I manifest according to these seven problems. Then I got a formula to actually help me to move forward in my finance, in my financial world. 

Yeah. That's the whole reason we do this now. Once you know this, let's start with number one. 

Number one is survival. How many, how many of you here still remember what, uh, what is about this survival? So remember survival is what is safe. No, they're constantly on alert, right? Yeah. 

They need to be present because anytime things could happen. So now let me show you the next slide here. When you talk about seven star, star number one is about member survival, right? So if your problems are related to finance instability and income uncertainty, sometimes you get, sometimes you don't. 

All right. So how many of you have this problem? Sometimes you can make money. Sometimes it's not, it's not consistent. 

Yeah. One part-time job over another. All right. 

So your problem right now can relate, can trace back to star number one. Okay. So now we know the problem. 

What is the yin and yang? What is the counter aspect of this? Is achievement manifestation, what we call flow of consistent abundance. You need that. Okay. 

You need the manifestation of flow of consistent abundance. And why I'm showing you, um, this one here, um, Ambassador and Earth. Whenever in achievement, any box you find a bad Ambassador and Earth, you, this is what we call flow of consistent and abundance to help you to mitigate this problem. 

Okay. All right. So now the team, please send the achievement day chart to them. 

All the four day charts. No, no, no. I'm not asking this guys in a PDF file. 

Now this is 2.9 already, you know, 2.9 too fast, right? Yeah. So yeah, better delete it. Okay. 

So send them the yesterday achievement day chart under the PDF folder. There are four months. Remember yesterday, some of you asked why suddenly disappeared is because yesterday, that one is for today. 

Okay. By now, yes, that's the one you see October and then the rest will come soon. Okay. 

I see November already. And, uh, and so do the rest of it. All right. 

So I give you four months. So now since you need to look at Ambassador and Earth, so you need to look back each of the day that comply to this. Okay. 

So, uh, that is the whole idea of doing this. So remember Ambassador and Earth, right? So now let me show you one chart here quickly. Okay. 

This is what I, uh, we sent to you just now. Do you see the achievement chart right now? Okay. Okay. 

Now do you see Earth and Ambassador on this day? Can you see it? Yes. Yeah. This is not the only one. 

So, but the thing here you need to trace. So if your problem are related to finance and uncertainty, back to Southeast for manifestation on 1st of January, in this case, of course, there are more dates that comply to this. I just show you an example. 

So why I'm sending you this, you just need to concern about this part. The rest, you can ignore. This is why we send extra for you. 

So you feel happier. That's it. Okay. 

But the real usage here is this one. This one, by the way, is achievement day chart. It's a day. 

So it changes every single day. So if that's what you need, pay attention on 1st of January 2026. If you want this, start path number one about survival, you're back to Southeast. 

Everyone clear? Okay. You ask, do I need anything else? No. The rest you can ignore. 

It's a whole day, if you want to take care of so many things, after two years, you also cannot manifest. You only can see your friends become richer and richer, but not you. You keep thinking you want to unwind everything. 

Too late. Period 9, you need to focus. There are no perfect day. 

You need to be okay with it. Just like a person, right? Your spouse, right? Are they perfect? No. So do you not perfect, right? Does that mean you need to continue to fight? No. 

You need to live with that. As long as there's something you like about them, I would say it's pretty good. Okay. 

For all the guys here, what is the definition of a good wife? What do you think? If your wife are also learning, please don't say anything. You create World War III, okay? So now, to my best explanation, a great wife is someone who forgives her husband when she is wrong. Okay? Do you understand this? I think you get the point, right? It's very deep, but I think even the girls will agree.

A great wife definition is they're willing to forgive their husband when she is wrong. If you're able to adopt this mantra, I would say you have a great relationship forever. Girls, do you like this mantra or not? Okay. 

Now, let's jump back to wealth, all right? So I deviate a little bit. So basically, when they do something wrong, they'll forgive their husband. Basically, that's what the point is, okay? So now, so you look for ambassador. 

Why is like this? Okay, let me share with you. If you learn Shiman, you know ambassador, the way they make money is not like commission, sudden, it's fluctuates. No. 

The way they make money is consistency. You see your consistency here? And earth element represents something stable. If you abundance, it's not because I make a lot, but they have gratitude. 

Do you need this? Do you need gratitude? Yes, right? Otherwise, you want to give you like so much money, you always keep thinking it's not enough. So a lot of CEO want to make money, right? I always ask people, how much is enough for you? If it's not due to chasing money forever. So the earth star tells you what is enough. 

Now you see the point here, right? Because survival state, they can't do this. They can't think about this because in their world, it's always scarcity. So this will be combating star one problem.

Okay, understand? All right. Now, the team will send you this slide. It will soon appear. 

Wow, so fast. Very good. Okay. 

Star number one. Are you guys okay? Let me know if you're okay, if you're still breathing. Okay, good. 

All right. So now, next one. Star number two.

Star number two is about debt and overwhelming expenses. How many of you have this? You just pay like the minimum payment on your credit card every month, and you're overwhelmed with a lot of expenses. And then some more to add, I would say, put the sawn into the wood further. 

Suddenly, you receive a call that your wife just ordered another Amos bag, but it's under your tab. So basically, your credit card being charged again, and that kind of thing. So that's what I call overwhelming expenses. 

So if you have this issue you want to solve, the solution here is this. Debt release frequency. So all you need to do is do what? This one is not so easy. 

You need to look for three elements. The earth stabilize, because the earth is the one that stopped the bleeding. Stabilize first. 

Okay, and then the life door, of course, is money. And disruptor is to disrupt the pattern. If you already in debt, what is opposite of that? Okay, it changed, right? It makes money. 

So therefore, for this, disruptor is like, you know, like you ground digging, destroy something, or allow you to breathe, because now you are stuck. So the disruptor here is like digging the earth. So the life door, the life force will come out.

So you are breather. So you don't feel so overwhelmed. Okay, so then if you need this, or maybe in the future, or your friend need this, then you need this element. 

So some of you say 4th of November. Very good. Let's look at 4th of November, everyone. 

So see whether you got this or not. Thank you. Thank you, Aspen.

So let's check whether 4th of November have this formation or not. So fast. Okay, look at 4th of November. 

So you see the northwest sector. You're right, Aspen. So many. 

Now more coming up. Okay, good. So let's use one example here. 

4th of November. So let me... Okay, do you see it here? You got earth. You got disruptor. 

You got life door. Confirm. So when you see this, you got what? Depth release frequency. 

So since it's northwest, back to northwest on that day, 4th of November, and then ask for something you want at that day. So basically is to overcome your depth. Okay, cool. 

Why they have depth or not? Do you want to know why they have depth? Why star number 2 is related to depth? Because remember...
What is opposite of that? Okay, it changed, right? It made money. So therefore, for this, disruptor is like, you know, like you ground digging, destroy something or allow you to breathe because now you are stuck. So the disruptor here is like digging the earth.

So the life door, the life force will come out. So you are breather. So you don't feel so overwhelmed.

Okay, so then if you need this, or maybe in the future or your friend need this, then you need this element. So some of you say 4th of November. Very good.

Let's look at 4th of November, everyone. So see whether you got this or not. Thank you.

Thank you, Aspen. So let's check whether 4th of November have this formation or not. So fast.

Okay, look at 4th of November. So do you see the northwest sector? You're right, Aspen. So, so many now more coming up.

Okay, good. So let's use one example here. 4th of November.

So let me, okay, do you see it here? You got earth, you got disruptor, you got life door. Confirm. So when you see this, you got what? Depth release frequency.

So since it's northwest, back to northwest on that day, 4th of November, and then ask for something you want at that day. So basically is to overcome your depth. Okay, cool.

Why they have depth or not? Do you want to know why they have depth? Why is number 2 star, number 2 is related to depth? Because remember just now number 2 star is grid, right? Yeah, they want more. That's why they buy a lot of stuff. Now they're in trouble.

That's the meaning. Okay, now, guys, can you send star number 2 to them now? Why suddenly there are so many? You only send one time, okay? I think they get too excited already. I don't know what happening.

Okay, okay. Now you get the star 2 already, good. So now star 3. Okay, this one star 3 is much better than star 2 problems because you're feeling stuck at the current income level.

It does not mean you're being troubled by depth, but you are now you feel like, okay, I've been earning this same amount for the last few years. You want to ask for promotion increment, the boss somehow turn away. So how many of you have this thing? You feel like you have no growth because number star number 3 is about growth.

They want recognition, remember? Yeah, this star. Okay, if you feel like this, then you need this. A breakthrough, true prosperity.

Okay, this one is very, it's not that hard. You need light door about money. Okay, and then the deity, the top, you can have chief or heaven.

Because these two star is a star about asking for good stuff, positive stuff. There is a rich fulfilling star, either chief or heaven. And what you're asking? Light door, right? You want more money, right? But this one come with one thing.

It needs to be in the Southwest. That's the thing here. All right, now this one, it become a bit not so easy, right? When we add this into the equation.

Okay, so now let's look at December 19. Can you look at December 19? Okay, all right, December 19. Is it the one you have this? Or I don't know which one.

Let someone say December 19. No, okay, 17. Okay, guys, look at December 17.

Do you see this in the Southwest? Okay, let me share with you. Okay, December 17, Southwest. Because the criteria has to be in Southwest, right? So do you see a chief? Does it comply? And you need a light door.

And what is the third criteria? Southwest. Three things can happen. Do you able to find it or type the word yes, if you're able to find this.

Okay, all right, there are more. Yeah, I just give you one example, guys. All right, there are more, probably there are two or three.

But I want you to know this is the one. So now, some of you just now ask why Southwest? Anyone know why is only Southwest? Do you know why is Southwest not the other box? Do you want an explanation for this? Okay, all right, now I'm telling you, okay. So it's like this, because now you're talking about you're hitting a plateau, right? You cannot rise to the next level.

So what needs to happen? In Qimen, a new beginning, a new chapter, a new things, it come with the death door. Death door is a new beginning. But people don't like death door.

Yeah, death door means that the whole process of change, right, it could be painful, right? How many of you here want to use death door as manifestation? No one, right? Because they're afraid, no matter what you tell them, they will avoid it. I'm telling you 95%, they just say like that. But when I ask you to manifest on death door with a lot of black colors, now you know, okay? So it's easy, right? But when you're there, they'll ask, I will say, are you sure or not? Got death and emptiness, all black colors there.

Koken matters some more. People are afraid. So the way, okay, Lim Yong San asked why the heaven is not required.

It's not that it's not required. It's because you either use heaven or chief, okay? So since you have, why is like this? Because the original death door is in Southwest, okay? Original. So now you apply a life door away, you get the new beginning, but the process becomes smoother.

Not a lot of pain. You remember pain, it's just like that. Someone asks you to break off with your boyfriend or girlfriend and start a new one.

Not so easy if you're deeply in love, right? So instead of using death door, it might be painful to a lot of people. We just use as the original location, that death door. Then we add the light door there, make it pleasant and come with a chief.

Then now this one become a pleasant experience. Do you guys understand? Type the word, yes, if I understand. Okay, if you don't understand, it's fine because you don't need that information to apply it.

All you need to remember how to find the criteria. Then on those days, you're back to Southwest to do it. Is this strategy interesting? Now you see another possibility of using Chima, right? This is how you use death door properly.

Okay, cool. So how many more? Have I run through all the stars yet? Okay, not yet. Okay, guys, you see the star number three in your telegram right now.

Send it to them. Okay, cool. Now let me show you number four now.

Number four is missing opportunities or bad timing. Okay, so because number stars is the middle point, so it seems like they've gained, I would say consciousness. So they haven't actually noticed what is good, what is bad yet.

That's number four in the middle. You just imagine they're just awakened. So if you feel like you're missing opportunities or you're always in a bad timing, whenever you go interview, there's always someone that get your job.

Or sometimes when you're about to get promoted, then you did something wrong and then you give chance to others to get promoted instead. Okay, or sometimes you say, oh, I should invest in this five years ago, but I didn't. How many of you actually experienced this before? Someone asked you to invest on something and say, I read for a while and then you totally forgot about it.

But after five years, you see the price skyrocketed and then now you regret. Okay, so which mean this one is, if you attend yesterday about heaven sync, this one is something related to that. You're out of sync with the heaven rhythm.

Okay, so if you want this, then you can look at this. Rewind timing activation. We call this, okay, this one is easy and all.

Yeah, easy. You just look for heart and open door. Because this, when you have this, because heart is a Qian Gua, open door also a Qian Gua.

When they come together, they become heaven hexagram. If you learn Yijing, so it's associated with heaven timing. There you go.

All right, so if you look back at, I would say this one is not hard to get at this one. You look at 19 December. Any day you can get this, a lot of time.

You look at 19 December, there'll be a good one. Do you see it, 19 December? Okay, you see here, heart, open door. Okay, this one, although this the only criteria we need, but do you see this Envoy here? Envoy make it even better.

Although it's not part of the criteria, but you have it extra for you. Envoy basically means 10X the door. And some of you got chief, right? Chief is a powerful star because it's the leader star.

So, but actually what you need is this and open door only. That's it, yeah, but if you are expert in achievement, you can further choose. This is very common.

This date, you can easily find this. So you try to add on with other stuff inside. But in order to use, you just need these two element.

Okay, then ask for better timing. And now the star number four will appear in your telegram. Okay, star number five.

Remember star number five related to growth about other people. So if you have problem, you're always attracting the wrong clients, jobs or partner. How many of you have this problem? Not everyone here though.

So you're always wondering why I keep attracting wrong people in my life. Then you need star, this star number five. Okay, I see there are few of you, Sonia, Selena, Mona.

Okay, so now if that is your problem, then you need this manifestation. What kind of manifestation is this? There you go. Magnet of aligned wealth.

All right, you need to align. You attract wealth, basically right people into your life. Because now you know, if you learn achievement, harmony represent working together.

Assistant means beneficial. This is a great star. Assistant also represent creativity.

So you form synergy. Because assistant is a wood element. It's a growth star.

They come with harmony means we grow together. So if you're able to detect this in the achievement chart, then you'll be good for you. So guys, have you found any? Yeah, let me know if you found any.

Okay, I think 7th Gen, you have one. So you look at 7th Gen first. Okay, let me bring out.

You're able to notice 7th Gen? Okay, let me look it quickly for you. Okay, now I loaded 7th Gen. So do you see this element there? Southwest, do you see it? Okay, good.

Ask for what? Attracting the right people, right jobs or right partner. That is the one. Okay, now you get it in your Telegram channel.

So we'll ask, oh, they got the depth and emptiness. You still can use. Depth and emptiness means that you might not get the full power.

It's a year-end sales, maybe 50% sales. So you got 50% better than nothing. Okay, Qin Chongwei, you still can use DE.

All right, next one. How many of you here actually, this is star number six. Because intuition level, they think too much.

They attract darkness sometimes. So how many of you have this problem? Intense problem. This one is normal if your feeling is not intense.

But some people, they're so fearful of losing money. In the end, they do nothing. They cannot sleep at night.

They have that intense fear of losing money or making financial mistake. Therefore, they don't do anything just to be safe. But you know that one will not be the long-term strategy.

You need courage because you think about this. People that actually make more money than you does not mean they are more intelligent than you. But they have courage to start something, right? So therefore, if that is the thing you want to overcome, star six problem, you need the courage of wealth.

Okay, in this case here, for the top right, you need either chief or heaven. Either one because there's only one spot here. Either chief or nine heaven.

And then you need a grass. And then you need a humdor. Yeah, grass.

The humdor represent courage to attack, to pursue. But if someone is not smart, doesn't have courage, it will lead to very dangerous, right? It can die anytime. So therefore, you need wisdom.

So the grass gives you the wisdom, the intellect. And with courage, then only you become powerful. Courage alone is dangerous.

Agree or not? You just charge forward. Yeah, you might not know whether it's something worth pursuing or not. But with the grass, they know.

They are smart. Okay, so now if you look at the chart again, the day chart. Which one? Look at November, 12th of November.

This one later, or you can check yourself. But I just give you a shortcut here first. Look at 12th of November.

Do you see something? Where is the humdor? You look at this. No, not set. Hold on, let me check.

Okay, 8th of November. Do you find the humdor? Where's the humdor? South palace. Do you see it? South palace.

You got heaven or chief. Either one will do. You have grass.

And then you have humdor. Then back to the south on 8th of November. And then ask for more courage.

And then now this one will be in your telegram right now. And finally, star number seven. Okay, all right.

So this star is more evolved level. This is a problem that by a lot of rich people. Yeah, they make money.

But they got one problem. Never feel of having enough despite earning more. It's a feeling.

They always think that there are more to come. Although they make a lot of money. How many of you here have this problem? It's a good problem, right? At least you got money.

You just need to fix your feeling. So okay, EK Fong say yes. Okay, all right.

So if that is you, then you need this. A seal of lasting prosperity. You have to know that you'll be all right in long term.

It's a feeling. Okay, you don't have to worry. So now if you look at here.

You have this ambassador. Of course, it's money. Ambassador is a steady wealth.

Because you need to feel that everything is sealed, right? Nothing changed. So now the heaven represent long term. Nourishment, you know, you'll be all right.

It's a legacy. And then rest door represent what? Relax. Calm down.

You also represent family. So rest door with my heaven represent legacy wealth. Something long lasting.

Generational wealth. There you go. Okay, so if this is the one problem you have.

Then it's a good problem. Everyone also want this problem. You look for November 12th.

Scroll back your chart to the PDF file that look for November 12th. Okay, let me show you the November 12th chart. All right.

Do you see it here? And the south as well. You got heaven. Important.

You got ambassador star. You got rest door. These are the one.

Okay, so back. If that is a problem back to the south, do this. And now you see here, this is called envoy.

Do we like the envoy? Do we like it? What is the purpose of envoy? 10x. So 10x what? The rest door. What is the rest door mean just now? Relax.

Chill. Good. So it gives you the feeling of, you know, you know, you just, you feel you're not enough now.

You feel contented. You're okay. All right.

So now the team here will send you star number seven. This is how we use Shiman to deal with this, relate and connect to the financial issue that a lot of people are facing. Okay.

So now do you like this? Do you like this way of using seven stars? All right. Good. So which one is your problem right now? Type in, type in the chat box right now.

Okay. You need not to follow one to seven. You know, sometimes you feel that sometimes you feel that you need not to.

Okay. Some of you say all. Very good.

Now we'll find a way. So you can, you could be at one, you can be at two. You need to follow the order because some of you, you already have number one.

You already mastered that part because number one is survival, right? So if you right now you're okay, which means you already collected number one. So it's like mission. Do you play a game? You need to collect all the seven stars.

Imagine this. So anything that is not your problem, you already collected. You just need to collect the thing you're missing.

Your goal here is to collect all seven. Then you become unstoppable. Do you get what I mean? Anything is not your problem means you already have it.

Okay. All right. So you manifest this.

So now. Okay. All right.

So you manifest this. So now how many of you here have this? Number one is your problem. Type in me again.

Okay. All right. So number one is about what? The problem of, you know, there are no consistent income.

So if you are that group of people, all right, so let me help you out more here. I'm going to give you the mantra on what to say on that specific date. You just need to read this out.

It covered all the essence of star number one. Instead of you need to figuring out what to say. Okay.

Number one. There you go. You get all this.

Okay, guys, can you send star one manifestation mantra to them? This is finding this right. Powerful. Find the right achievement chart.

You back to it. Okay. Any question you can ask me now.

Okay. Irene Lim asks, can open eyes and read it while doing manifestation? Yes. Or if you still want to close your eyes, you can open one eyes and one cut.

One eye is closed, but it will look weird. If that made you happy. Okay.

But in the end, it's nothing to do with your eye. All right. Okay.

In the end, it's just. Right. Don't you think it's weird, right? You do like that.

I'm afraid that. Okay. People think you're crazy.

Okay. So now, basically, it's just read it out the mantra. That's it.

Violator asks, is it better to wait in a well palace? No, it doesn't do anything. It'll just read the right time. Just back to it.

You'll get the thing. All right. Some of you ask, is it the hour chart work? If you can select the hour chart, also can.

No problem. Okay. No problem.

We can use the day chart or hour chart. Okay. Good.

Good. Good. Okay.

Why the others don't have? Oh, yeah. You want the rest of the mantra or not? Some of you asking why number one only. You want the rest of the mantra? Okay.

I'm not that bad one, right? I should prepare everything for you already. Since you ask, then I decided to share with you now. Okay.

Can you send them star number two until star number seven? Just in case your family member need it. Now you get something to pass to them. Okay.

It's coming. It's coming. Yeah.

Lanzing did. Be patient. Okay.

It's coming. All right. So now it's easy.

You don't even need to think. Okay. Just open your eyes.

And read the mantra. Okay. Have you? Is it complete now? Let's see.

One, two, three, four, five. Okay. Two more.

Two more come. Then you're complete. So now when you do all these five, you have all you have this seven star path energy with you.

Okay. Okay. Ricky say asking for a friend.

Thank you. Yeah. You can share with your friend.

And I can help more people that way. Okay. Brian Benson say, is the hour stronger than the day? No, no difference.

Okay. The most important is how bad you want it. Your intention.

Okay. Good. Good.

Nice. All right. So this is the seven star pathway of manifesting.

Okay. So now some of you here, I, I being told that you are actually not able to attend yesterday. Right.

So I want to just give you some heat up yesterday. I don't want to miss this. Yesterday.

We actually talk about one interesting thing because there's a new program I'm doing. I haven't launched yet. This is called the heaven code.

If you attended yesterday, you know about this. If you haven't, this is the, the new program is about date selection. If you're interested in this election for period nine success, alignment, and prosperity.

Yeah. These are the two this is a four and five of April is a time. This cost will be conducted.

Okay. Why is it so important? Because most of us here, we are out of sync. So the whole purpose of this program is to get you in sync with the heaven rhythm.

Means doing things at the right time at the right day as well. So now we're going to fix the heaven rhythm part. And how do we do this? Yeah.

In this program here, we divided into three area, man realm, earth realm, and heaven realm. So if you look at the man realm, this is like what normal people do. Date selection for marriage, for marriage, to make important decision, to attend interview, negotiation.

And that second level also important because focusing on you. When is the right time to manifest? Cultivation, virtual cultivation, inner peace, grounding. You need the right dates to do that.

And then finally, we also look at the higher level. When you master the man realm and earth realm, you go to the next level is a heaven realm. Yeah.

So this is where we're talking about synchronicity, divine intervention. And some of you are powerful. You can even tap to miracle frequency as well.

So things just happen for you. Okay. So this, and all these three levels here are aligned to period nine frequency.

So this is the first time I'm doing this and I won't repeat this program again. If you think this is something you want, there you go. Now, I think all of you here also know that we have a VIP bonus for this, right? So the well prophecy for 226.

This is the one I do it every year. Right. And then we see great result for this.

So if you join us today, you're going to get this bonus. And one more is this feng shui activation. So we call this feng shui circuit breaker.

So where you talk about feng shui activation blueprint for period nine. And yesterday I know some of you not able to join us because the payment system at that time are not working very well. So you might think you're not part of the turkey.

So we talked to the team. So we able to accept it because that time is not your fault. So if you're thinking, we're not a part of 30, you are.

So therefore you want to be, or to get these two bonus, this is the time to do this. And let me summarize everything for you for here. In total is 2291.

If you decided to join us today, you get the heaven code, the core program, well prophecy as bonus and feng shui activation as a bonus. In total is 2291. But today is 597.

I also told everyone, if you think this is right for you, one time only, instead of 597, you're going to only need to pay 497, but that is a limited time for this. All right. It's going to actually increase once the allocation slot is there.

So if you want this, this is the best time to get this. So the offer will expire in 24 hours because I haven't launched this yet. This is a private launch.

After that, we'll close this again. One more round for Telegram channel subscriber. Okay.

So now take a look at this. This is the link. Yeah.

You talk to the team. I think you saw the message right now. Carrie is there.

So you just click the link and secure the bonuses. And with the price 497. Just like last time, because we announced to you first, remember the bond for wealth? We start with 497, but the time after, no long after that, it increased to 597 again.

Okay. So if you really want this, this is the best time to get this. Okay.

All right. So now main bonus, two of it, and then the core program, the heaven code. It's about date selection because no matter what is the thing to do, without the right date and time, you don't get the result that you wanted.

Okay. How many of you are already joining me? I saw Sophia say you already enrolled. Wow.

Okay. Congratulations. And the thing here is, we're going to start with the bonus first.

Wealth Prophecy. Because that was for 226. So we're going to set one date in January next year before you attend the heaven code on April.

Okay. A lot. Some of you say just join.

Congratulations. Saren team. So Catherine said, will there be a registration for us European? Yes, you can join us because this is online.

All right. You can learn from anywhere as long as you have internet connection. So you can do that.

All right. Good. So we're going to stop for 15 minutes break.

And then when we come back, we go on to chapter number six, which we talk about investment. Okay. I'll see all of you here in 15 minutes time.

Okay. Welcome back. Okay, everyone.

Okay. So just now while during the break, I saw some of your question. I think one of it is Susan Ong actually asking, do we actually need to follow from style one until seven in the sequence? The answer is no.

You ignore the sequence. You only use the one that you need. Okay.

So this is the one way, actually, you can actually collecting all the seven stars. The one that you don't need, it means that you already have it. Because this seven star is energy point.

So you only just need to fix the rest of it. Some of you probably already have six out of seven. How many of you here, you already have half of it done? Type that with me.

Or at least half of it. Among all the seven. Wow.

So many of you. Okay. Good.

Nice. Yeah. So if you have all the seven, basically, you need not to join the Born for Wealth class.

Okay. But now it's too late. You already joined.

So now. Okay. Christina asked, do you need to repeat several times? One time is enough.

Okay. The rest, you need to take action. One time is enough.

After food, remember three times. If you want to. The day after food.

The best one. Just joking. All right.

Just one time. Now. Okay.

Ricky asked, when we do manifestation for seven star, is it facing or backing? Backing the direction. Okay. Ricky is about backing.

Okay. Joseph asked, relationship among divination, manifestation and forecasting. Okay.

I don't know. Is it a question or a statement? I don't understand your question, Joseph Paul. Maybe you can rephrase and ask me again.

Okay. Angelica said, the hour to manifest is not important right now. You need not to.

I know some of you like to use hour chart. Some of you, you want to use day is fine. Is most I'm telling you, is nothing to do with the technical part.

Is that person intention? How bad you want it? That is the one make the difference. Because now you're connecting, right? So how far your energy can project out to initiate or invoke the response from the universe. That one require a strong intention.

Just like everyone tell me they want to be a millionaire. Yeah. I was, yes.

I say, why not? Of course, right. That is a dumb question. Of course, everyone want to make a big, make their first million.

But the true effect is they don't want it. They just only want it when it's convenient. If you ask them to do so many things to become rich, they'll say, Oh my God, I thought it's just a push a push a push a button, but it's not right.

Then they give up. Basically, they only want something when it's handed to them. Okay.

That burning desire is important in manifestation. When you have a desire, which is energy and you merge with the time energy, then manifestation become real. So some of you here, you ask about something like you want to become rich.

I mean, from level zero to 10, how intense that feeling is. Most of the people, they're only four or five. So when you're level nine or 10, you will make it happen by hook or by crook.

You do whatever it takes. That is the level you need to achieve. You want something so bad.

When people ask about timeline, like, when do you think I will achieve this? The intensity is not strong. If your intensity is strong, your drive is strong, you don't even concern. You will make it until it works.

For example, like for ladies, right? When you have a baby and then you train them to walk. So if your baby still cannot walk, if someone come over and ask you, how long you want to train your children or your baby to walk until you give up? If you are the mother, what would you say? You say, are you crazy? I'll train my baby until he walks. That is drive.

No timeline. Because inside, you know, I'll make it happen. When you reach to that point, then manifestation become very easy to manifest.

Joseph Paul asked a question. Okay. Thanks for rephrase your question.

Now I understand your question now. So is it divination same as manifestation? No. Divination is you get an answer or you get advice or counsel from the universe.

Manifestation is you want certain outcome. You ask for results. One, you need advice.

The manifestation normally is you want something. You want to achieve something. Basically, you cut the process.

For example, like you manifest, like you, if you fall in love with someone, right? And you manifest for that person to have the same feeling, mutual feeling, you use manifest. If divination, you just can ask, will this person love me or not? Yes or no. Manifestation is like, I don't care whether this person loves me or not.

Now, I'm going to make this person love me eventually. Then you use manifestation. Okay.

All right, Joseph. I hope my answer helps to clear up your mind on this. All right.

Cool. So now, and Karen Conrad asked, if our energy is the most important, how much boost it gives us in management manifestation? A lot. Because most of the time, people just manifest for the sake of manifesting.

It's like, you know, they try their luck. No. Well, if you want to improve the art of success, the thing you want has to, you must consume your mind 24 seven.

Yeah. You eat, sleep, thinking about that. Yeah.

Like last time. Yeah. How, how someone say, I was like, how do you actually, learn bazaar or feng shui or whatever? I always eat, breathe, bazaar, feng shui.

That obsession. Yeah. That level you have.

Then when you manifest, you use feng shui, then it really works wonders. Okay. That's the whole concept of it.

So Hilda asked, has to be the level star zero or just the deity and the door? No, we didn't talk about level star zero. Okay. We just talk about you utilizing one to seven star.

Okay. Ramzi asked, what do you, why do you think does not everybody want deeply enough? Some, I will not say everyone, but a lot of people don't. Why? Because they always tell me, I wasn't, I want this one, this, I want that.

Then I tell them, this is what you should do. And then there are so many things that say it's so hard. Like they say, must be chill.

All right. I need to, I am young. I need to enjoy life.

So I can see that they don't really want it. They just want the outcome, but they don't like the process. I think if you watch Elon Musk interview, one of the things he said, like running a business, people think it's fun, right? But, but in reality, they are like eating glass every day.

So if they know who I am, they don't want to be me. That's what exactly he said. Imagine is a, is a very beautiful metaphor, right? Eating glass every day.

How many people can take it? People just love the result of Elon Musk becoming wealthy. But every day, all the process, people don't want to go through. So that is what I say.

They don't have that intensity to do it. They give up when things get tough. All right.

Some people will ask me, right? If I do this, what is the chances? 50, 50, or they say only 50, 50. Then I will not do. If you are, if you are serious about it, even 10% chance, you will fight for it.

For example, you think about this, right? You want to save someone you love. Even the chance of survival is 10%. Would you say I give up? Because only 10% success? No, even 1% you also try.

Agree or not? If someone important to you. So now that is not someone. Now is a goal.

Is that goal is important to you? You willing to protect it at all costs. Okay. That I mentioned intensity.

So now in this topic here, in chapter number six, we're going to talk about investment. This one will be the last topic of today. And there's a reason I put in the last because investment is irrelevant if you don't do something from chapter one to chapter five.

Okay. So therefore, once right now, you know what to do already. So in the end, you're going to make money and you need to decide what you're going to do with it.

So let me show you where we are now. Okay. By the way, some of you asking a QR code.

Just now, there you go. You just scan on this. You can get to the telegram.

Okay. All right. So now this is the thing here.

The map, the roadmap from chapter one to chapter five. Now, finally, we go into chapter six, which is your ultimate blueprint for investment. Okay.

There you go. This is the one. And when we talk about investment, it's important to know one thing.

In the end, the outcome is still the same. You know, we want to make money, right? No one wants to join or get into investment to lose money. Therefore, I know there's a saying, everyone wants happiness.

You can get happiness by doing what? You study happiness. Anything you want, you can study it. So you want more freedom? You study how freedom works.

You want more love? You study love. So if you want more money, of course, you will study money, right? So in metaphysics, when you say money is wealth elements. And let me show you the slide here.

If you want to make more money, you want to increase wealth. That's the only reason why you're here today and yesterday, right? So you need to have a deep understanding about how money works. So I think by now, you already know, there are two wealth elements for any person.

Regardless whether you have it in your chart is irrelevant right now. I don't want you to look at your chart to see whether I got DWIW. That one is kindergarten.

Because parts doesn't work that way. I know a lot of people think, all right, if I don't have mean, I'm poor. If I have, I'm rich.

No, a lot of people have a lot of wealth element. They are still poor. Some people missing wealth element.

They are crazily wealthy. So I don't want to think what is like, what you are, what you see is what you get. It's not that superficial.

For example, resource element in parts represent that person's mother. If someone don't have resource, doesn't mean this person don't have mother. It comes from the rock, is it? All right.

So now you say, of course, everyone got mother, right? Yeah. So, but how come you see wealth differently? If there are no absence, if essence of wealth, then you can tell this person are broke. It doesn't make sense.

Agree or not? All right. So therefore like earth element represent the stomach of a person. You talk about health.

If you don't have earth element means you don't have stomach. Come on. Okay.

So I want to see parts is not like what you see, what you get. Yeah. So which means whatever you have in your chart, it means that that is, it shows you the way to get something.

So when you want wealth, I don't care whether your chart got wealth element or not is irrelevant. So, but you need to understand how the wealth work. Once you understand, you master it, you start to see the flow.

So now in any one part, there are these two, there are two stocks. So direct wealth and indirect wealth, regardless whether it's direct or indirect. You, by now, you already know element that you control is your wealth element.

Make sense? Because you need energy to make money. We treat our time with money. At least from the start at first, when we get to it, right? So the concept of anything in control, if you are fire day master, what is your wealth element? You know, your wealth element, when you know fire control, what fire control metal.

Now, you know that, you know, if you're a fire person, then the element is a metal. So if you're a water, then, you know, water control fire. So fire is a wealth element and so on.

Okay. Fire, sea, metal means they are wealth element. So water, sea, fire means that is, they are wealth element.

That part is fine. So now let me add one more information on the equation. When we, now we know fire control metal, metal is wealth, right? To this person.

But fire can be like, yang fire or yin fire. Carry on. Let's say right now you're yang fire.

How many yang fire here? A lot. So what is your wealth element? Metal, right? Okay. Which metal are more powerful? Yin metal or yang metal? Okay.

Or you think it's the same. Now we get to next level. It's not the same already.

So if you are yang fire, you know metal is your element. You need another yang. That one are more powerful.

So which means if you are yang fire, you know metal is your wealth element. The one that same polarity with you will be the most powerful. So if you are yin fire, you know your metal is your wealth element.

So which metal? Yang metal or yin metal? Yin. Because the same polarity with you, you might think it's not balanced, right? How come two yin? Yes. Exactly what I'm saying.

You cannot be balanced to make money. A lot of people say, I want work-life balance. I need time to do this.

All rich people, they don't have balanced life. Do you notice that? They integrate in their life. Whatever they do, they love what they do.

So therefore, I want to know has to be same polarity with you. Therefore, we call indirect wealth. You know, this time got DW and IW, right? Indirect wealth.

In the old days, people don't like that. Because these are the people, they are smart, you know, they find so many ways to make money. So therefore, they don't like it.

They prefer direct wealth. Direct wealth means that you follow the order, you work in a government office, and then you slowly, slowly climb to the top, the corporate ladder. And finally, if good enough, 60 years old, you retire with pension.

Does that thing still exist right now? No. So remember, indirect wealth is better when you're talking about making more money through investment. Because indirect wealth don't have limit.

That's why that is the term that call indirect wealth is heavenly wealth. Yeah, if you look at Bazaar, you look at all these are the classical term that describe indirect wealth as tin choy. So basically mean wealth from heaven.

Since it's from heaven, heaven represent abundance. There are no limit. So therefore, it represent a lot of money and you can make a lot of money through investment.

So having said that now, now you understand it. Now this is the heavenly wealth. OK, guys, I think you can send this to them.

OK, this is super important, right? You want to grow your money in direct wealth. Now again, I need to mention it does not matter whether you have this in your chart or not. It's irrelevant.

OK, now let's look at this. Apply what we say just now. If you are Yangwood, you know earth is your wealth because this is the element you control.

But do you see if you're Yangwood, the earth also Yang? Do you see the both Yang together? That's why we call this what? Indirect wealth. Let's do another example. If your day master is Yang metal, you know that wood is your wealth, right? But which wood Yin or Yang? Yangwood.

If you are Yin metal, you know that your is your wood element is your wealth. But which one? Yin wood. Why? Because you are Yin, you see another Yin, we call indirect.

Indirect means unconventional. So this one we call indirect wealth element. OK, understand so far.

So in summary, in summary here. Indirect Richard. I just remember this.

We prefer indirect. Have you heard about indirect resource? Also also the word indirect, right? So if you heard about that, also means if you ask me, direct resource is better in terms of money, capacity, always indirect is better. Because they don't constrain by rules.

They are not afraid. Direct, they are too proper. They are too afraid, so they are very safe.

OK, so far. OK, now. Next thing I want to talk to you here.

Now you know this. I need you. I need you to understand this concept.

Let's say let's say right now. You are Yang fire. Now this is your Yang fire.

This is Yang fire. What is your preferred wealth element? You know is metal already. What is your base on the chart? You know is metal.

So but metal. Why is Yang metal? Because me myself is Yang, so I need another Yang metal for my wealth. So therefore the Yang metal is here.

This is my money. So now if you control something, would you be tired in long run? You will be tired or not? Yes, OK, alright. So now how do I make money without getting tired? So we make money work harder for us than we work hard for money.

Make sense or not? This is the term that a lot of people talk about. All financial guru they say make money work harder than you work for money. Agree? So it means that money work harder for you.

So can you imagine? If your money here is another person, can I check the wealth element of my wealth element? Can I? So now I imagine this is the person, although it's a wealth element, can I know my wealth element of my wealth element? OK, I need to think in a little bit. OK, so because you're no longer controlling the wealth, you make the wealth control for you. So you look back at the chart just now, you look for this Yang metal.

What is the wealth element for the wealth element? Is Yang what? Yang wood, right? So therefore, the wealth will work hard for you because Yang wood is the wealth of your wealth element. How many of you understand this? Type the word yes. Yeah, this one.

So if you do this, your wealth will make more money work hard for you, right? So now you're safe. You can enjoy. So now if you know Pazer, what is this element to you? Indirect resource.

OK, it's always indirect resource. So in another way, it's still indirect, by the way, it's not direct resource, it's always indirect. OK, so therefore, in this case here, if you want to grow more money, you need to look into the indirect resource element.

There are great investors. All right, everyone understand so far? All right, now I summarize for you after a long story. Basically, just to get to your point, IR is your investment style.

OK, but now you know the technical part. Yeah, because you need the money to work harder for you, right? So therefore, you need IR there. So if you look at the real world here, OK, let me remind you again, just in case you forget.

This is the one. Indirect resource is the titan of investment. OK, now let me bring up this guy chart, which by the name of Warren Buffett.

Yeah, this one, is he your friend, Warren Buffett? Sounds familiar, right? Maybe he's your neighbor, I don't know. But all I know that is he is a great investor. And now let's trace the IR from his chart.

You see one IR here? OK, so do you see one IR here? You see one IR here? You don't want some more? So is this person a good investor or great or genius? Genius. OK, yeah. So now, of course, all of us here also got this star.

Some of you might have it, right? It does not mean you're the next Warren Buffett, you know? Because when you actually look at this, some of you ask, how do I get his time of birth? I asked him yesterday, I call him. OK, yeah, OK. So and he told me that.

No, I'm just joking. This is from certain websites. Yeah, I search, I do a search through field reference and then discover this.

OK, and this is a lot. A lot of people know about this. OK, his time of birth.

So now that's not the point. Now back here, if you look at his chart here, indirect resource penetrate to the top from the month. This is a very strong direct resource.

So if you plot his Pazer, easy way to look at it is you look at the bottom. If you scroll your Pazer chart at the bottom, you look for indirect resource. Where is this person? Indirect resource is here, right? So what is the power of his indirect resource? OK, 100%.

OK, so which means this person have the talent to do it, but does not mean anyone got this is super rich one, you know, right? Some people don't do anything. They are always afraid. Then what they use have those talent, right? So and therefore, for you to now know, Warren Buffett chart is very good.

OK, so we got this. The thing I like about his chart, if I'm telling you here is this. Remember the indirect resource element is from the month, right? Month is the strongest penetrate to the top.

So which mean is strongly rooted. And also our pillar is investment pillar. I remember this is investment pillar.

And since IR is investment, don't you think we like to put IR in the investment pillar as well? Is it a good one? So the right element at the right location. Do we like that? Yes. Yeah, so which means that you're putting the right element in the right place because the our pillar is the investment pillar.

OK, cool. So if you have this, then you are born with certain competence to do this. So now you might think, OK, if I don't know this, then what happened? Then let's see what we can do with this.

OK, so now we established the fact that your investment pillar is the hour. So let me show you again. There you go.

This is so on. That is your investment pillar. By knowing more of this will give you a proper direction.

What can you do? We did. OK, so now how many of you here you got an IR in your hour pillar? Be it at the top or at the bottom does not matter. All right.

OK, so which means you have the talent and therefore you don't have an excuse why you cannot make it because you have this talent. But of course, you need to learn how to make money first, right? Therefore, chapter number one to number five talking about that. You do that first.

Then you only learn investment. That's where you can exercise on your IR element. OK, so if you don't have it doesn't matter because the hour pillar tells you a lot of information.

You just need one technique to make it work. IR is just telling you you're good with that. That's it.

Let me ask you if you're good in singing. Does it mean that you're going to be the most popular singer in the world? Guys, let me ask you. No, right? So it depends on your strategy.

Depends on your commitment because you're not alone. You know, there are so many people out there. So I want you to know now we have this for you to be to feel happy on it.

All right. To build your confidence. Now, the real thing here, you need to in the real world reality, you need to look at the hour pillar and why hour pillar? Hour pillar old days represent children.

OK, in the old days, they always have this assumption that the children will take care of them when they get older. Right? In the old days, I think like that. So therefore, in the old days, children is an investment.

They afraid that when they get old, no one take care of them, you know, so that children supposed to be take care of them. Does this actually reflect the current reality right now? In the old days, maybe we're talking about filial, hao shun ah. Nowadays, we don't know whether your children is an asset or liability.

Right? Maybe it's liability. So therefore, since the hour represent children, yeah, now you're not sure, right? Could be you're the one feeding them until old one, you know, maybe you reverse the position. So instead in the hour, you rely on your children while you rely on investment.

Same pillar, different angle. So far so good. Do you understand what I'm saying? All right.

Because the hour pillar also since represent investment, also represent our children as well. And nowadays, right? This is what a lot of parents tell me that if their children able to take care of themselves, the parents already very happy. Yeah.

They actually don't expect their children to take care of them anymore. Okay. They afraid they'll get disappointed.

As long the children don't go back to their parents' home and ask for more money is already a blessing. Okay. It's already good.

You already raised a good children. If they can take care of themselves. Okay.

All right. So now once we know that children is maybe asset and liability, we don't know. So better rely on our investment, right? So now I want you to look at your hour pillar and I want you to draw out one information.

This, what is the animal sign of this? Okay. All right. Once you discover it, type in the chat box.

This is the hardest exercise ever. Discover the animal sign in your hour pillar. Take some time.

All right. Okay, cool. So now once you have it, what I'm about to show you here is your investment superpower.

Yeah. You need to know first, right? What is an investment superpower? Okay. This is the one.

Send them this slide, please. Okay. Otherwise they cannot concentrate.

Okay, cool. So now you need to check that animal sign you just discovered from your hour pillar. Is it belongs to the vision category, momentum or legacy? Type in the chat box.

Okay, cool. Now you got it. So now I'm going to explain what it means.

So if you're in the vision category, which is either tiger, snake, monkey or pig. So your superpower come from you able to actually discover potential before the world cash on. All right.

Which means maybe there are certain businesses that no one pay attention to. You see the potential before anyone else. So we call this growth investing.

Okay. So if you have this, that's where you can, easy for you to identify talent, business model before they grow big. It's an advantage, right? When you can easily, because they're cheap when they're starting, you can easily own equities or can easily own a lot of our share.

So therefore, this is your ability. Okay. Sonia asks, is it about the timing? No, we are not talking about timing yet.

We are talking about that person ability. Yeah. Ability means you still need to learn and harness it.

Okay. All right. So how do you unlock? If someone tell you, you have talent in partner, how to unlock it? How to unlock? Let me ask you back.

Yeah. The last thing you go ask this question, go and learn. I don't know what's under discussion already, right? If someone tell you you're good in marketing, right? Then how to unlock it? Go and learn.

Learn and work in a marketing company. Okay, guys. Are you guys okay? Is it too late or something? All right.

Start asking some weird question like this. Okay. So sometimes being consultant also not easy.

Need to... I don't know how. Okay. But now I'm getting better.

Yeah. I'm more patient right now. Can you see? I'm more patient now.

You see my face also know, right? I'm probably is the most patient person you ever meet. Okay. I'm just joking.

Okay. So now, vision represent you're able to locate opportunity before it become big. So if you see a kid like five years old, you already know this person is the next Bill Gates.

Good or not? So now apply this into your investment. So there are one type of investment talking about growth investment. Have you heard about this growth investment? So you're able to spot certain company, even though they are small, but you discover they have got huge potential.

And then either you buy or you invest on those company. That kind of ability. All right.

So now the second one here under momentum. Momentum is they are good in move with market rhythm. And through that, the compound success through flow basically means the trend.

It follows the trend, then they make money. They are good at that. The moment they notice the trend changes, they totally change that direction to align with the trend.

Okay. The first one vision, they don't care about the trend, right? They know in long run, this company will grow. Even right now, the trend against them, they know eventually once the wave is over, they'll become good.

But momentum, that they don't wait. They change. For example, like in 2020, there's a pandemic, right? Some people make a lot of money by just selling masks.

And before that, they don't have a company selling masks, but they see this need here. They are the first person to do all this. And then now they see results.

And they make a lot of millionaires. That is momentum. Now you know the difference between vision and momentum.

Okay. And then now the third one is the legacy, which is either your dragon, dog, ox or goat in the hour pillar. So this one talking about value investing or they endure and they're stable.

So they invest on something that already good. For example, I'm not asking you to invest on this. For example, you know that, what is a stable company right now? Name me one.

You feel that this is okay. Apple, correct? Microsoft. Yes.

NVIDIA, BYD. Okay. So awesome.

Like all these are NVIDIA. So the big established thing here. So therefore they are good at that because they have patience.

They see in long run, but they don't take chances. They look for proven records already, the company. Okay.

So, but they really do it because their patient in long run, they're compounding and then they make a lot of money. Yeah. So this is the part of our three style of investment.

So now you look at your chart. Now you start to think, right? Which part I need to bust them more in investment. Yeah.

It's a decision. Yeah. You can be good in everything.

You need to focus on what you're competent in. Is this helpful for you guys? Yeah. This is the first part you need to know first.

Otherwise, this is whatever people ask you to buy, you buy. It's not about a winner battle. And in the end you lose the war.

A lot of people make money during like 2020, right? When the, when the Bitcoin suddenly rise. But what happened after that? A lot of people broke, a lot of people got bankrupt. Yeah.

Because they win a battle, but they don't have a plan. Then they end up losing the war. So therefore this tell you, yeah, which direction to go to first.

Okay. All right. So now I go to talk about, to address one question people ask.

What to invest? Or which sector I should study to invest? Is this an important question? Yes. Okay. All right.

So now you already know the animal sign of your investment pillar, right? So now I want you to look, I'm going to show you this. We call investment affinity. There are certain asset class are more aligned with you due to certain energy.

So therefore it's good to know one. And I'm about to show you this. Okay.

I want all of you here to, okay, send them the chart first. Do you like this or not? This is the improved version from my previous investment class. Okay.

Calm down. Some of you ask which animal? No. We are not kill any animal yet.

All right. So don't worry. So just, now you just look at the chart first.

Okay. Now remember just now I asked you to spot the animal sign in your hour. Okay.

That's the animal sign, right? So let's say, let's say that animal sign is monkey. Look for monkey. Oh, I found a monkey here.

So therefore, look into this part. Okay. So which means, or some of you say pig.

Okay. Where's the pig? The pig is here. So you open a pig farm.

Of course not. All right. So you're going to do something related to this financial, industrial, study that market.

This one is like a superpower chart. Easy. So you think about your pattern chart.

I just draw one more time here. Okay. So your hour, pillar, there's an animal sign.

You mix and match. If here is rooster, for example, just look for rooster and then look for what is in the rooster, communication services related companies. If like this, you also don't understand, I go to surrender because this as simple as it gets already.

Okay. Anything inside or what is utilities? What is the answer? I'm not going to explain each of this. Go and search chat GPT because that one is not metaphysics subjects.

Okay. I'm going to waste time to do all this. Okay, guys, that one is not important.

All right. Go and search. You get more detail over there.

You go to chat GPT, you search what is consumer discretionary, you'll get a whole list and it's free. Okay. So now can you not concern about that part first? Can or not? Take a deep breath.

You get the answer by just tapping on Google later. That's not the point. That one cannot save your life.

Yeah. Now I want to know how to look for that piece of information. Are you okay, guys? Right.

This is the first Google. All these people ask us, think first. You want to know more about method rather than explain each of this.

You tell me. That way you can easily get within seconds. Yeah.

I'm not going to waste time doing that. Method, right? Okay, cool. So now that's why now I'm telling you I've become more patient already.

Right. Very good. So now just now method number one.

Look for this animal sign. Let's say you discover this one is rabbit. Where rabbit is? What asset class you should look into? What is if you don't understand what you need to do? ChatGPT or Germanize or whatever or Google is fine.

All right. So easy. All right.

So because all of this here is asset class of investment. Now all of this here. Okay, cool.

All right. Now second thing here is all of this here. If let's say how many of you here you don't know your hour pillar.

You just don't know your time above. Type the word me. Okay.

See some anyone of you here you don't know. Okay. Okay.

I see Damien don't have. Then don't worry. So at your lock pillar, your current lock pillar.

Let's say your current lock pillar is here. Let's say there's also an animal sign, right? Use that animal sign to relate back to the chart. Are you guys okay? Clear? Yeah.

So I'm giving you ways to relate to this. Because you're not only going to invest one, right? You can invest so many things. There are three ways to connect.

First way, hour pillar. Second way, lock pillar. Okay.

There are one more way. Do you want to learn this or not? One more. One more.

Okay, cool. So another way here. Remember the five structure charts? Okay.

All right. In your puzzle, you scroll down. You will locate.

You see something called the five structures. Five structures, right? So look at the five elements here. Which is the strongest element in this person chart? Look at the beige color diagram.

Not the purple color. Which is the strongest element? Metal, right? Because 100%. So remember metal? So now I bring back to the chart just now.

Where is metal? Easy? I already put the element there. You just connect like this. Now these are the few, the options you can.

Choose the one that you like. You do not have to do everything. Carrie Chow asked, what if there are two? Of course.

What if there are three? It's fine. You have more options. Carrie Chow, right? If someone gives you one food to eat, and they give you another three, you don't ask them why more, right? You eat.

Because there are more options. So because in everyone's mind, they think it has to be only one. No.

All right. So don't you think you have more? You have more options. They give you flexibility.

You just choose among the one, the one that you like. And if you learn investment, there's a concept of diversification, right? So do that. Okay.

So this one aligned to you means that you can understand the subject better. You still need to go and learn one, you know. It's not like, oh, I know this.

I simply buy the stock and make money. That one is called gambling. Okay.

So once you know this, then you go and do it. So now some people say, I would say from here, I don't see technology. Which one belongs to tech, right? Okay.

So let me share with you. Tech is at the center. So which means I don't care about your chart.

This one related to everyone. Because now it's period nine. Okay.

Center means for everyone. Understand? Because now it's period nine. So the energy is so strong.

Anyone can do it. That's why in 2019, when I start period nine class, I keep people, ask people to invest in AI. If some of you attended my class in 2019, people say, what is AI? Where's AI? I say, don't care.

You just find the, you still need to study though. You don't simply invest. Study, invest.

Study if you think it's correct. Yeah. Try to invest a little bit first.

Yeah. Your pocket change money. Yeah.

Then that's it. So is this chart important? Is it powerful? Okay. All right.

This one is for you to keep. Yeah. Because once you make a lot of money, you will get tired.

Then you need to use indirect resource. I don't care whether you have it or not in your chart. The fact you invest, that activity alone is already indirect resource.

All right. Activity also an element right now. So whether you got investment does not mean you cannot do it.

Okay. All right. So now I will go through timing.

Okay. Do you want to look at this timing part? Okay. There are some timing guidelines for you.

So one thing I need to clarify first, right? A lot of people think if I invest in the good time, suddenly I will make money. Okay. Please remove that thoughts.

So basically you're saying by investing at the right time, you're able to make a company share increase their stocks. Let me tell you, you are not that powerful. Okay.

Also you're saying if you invest in the bad time, you can bring down Apple stock. Does it make sense? Because in your mind, you think if you invest in the bad time, I will lose money, right? Then if I invest Apple stock, the share will be going down. You are not that powerful.

That's why you need to think when a lot of people think, I'll give me good time to invest for what? No such thing. If you know this, you let me know. Also then I become, I can control the stock market already.

It's not that one. Do you see my point here? I know a lot of people thinking like that, right? If I invest a good time, certainly the share will go up. Okay.

Now you understand this. Now we have a proper mindset to look at timing. Okay.

When you invest in a good time, means that you're in a good mental state. Therefore you can make a better decision. Okay.

So now let's check on timing wise, when likely we're going to actually make wrong decision. So is this. Whenever there's a clash or there's a harm, or combination pay attention.

Okay. Now, let me just, uh, write down here. Let's say this is your pattern chart.

The pattern chart. This is the hour. Remember? And you discovered that suddenly discover you have a red here.

Suddenly in your hour. And do you know that 2026 is a horse? Horse year. By now you should know, right? It's a horse year.

What the horse you do with the red? You, the horse is a clash, right? Clash. And if you don't know it's a clash, it's fine. I already sent you the clash table yesterday.

Okay. Just refer back to the table and you will find out that horse a clash with the red. So once you have this is a clash, what does it mean? A clash means impulsive investing.

So you're already impulsive. So which means that maybe you go all in. That is the most dangerous, right? That that's the part that what the scammer attack you, right? They are, they give you some glimpse of hope by making money.

And because you discover, wow, it's so easy. You invest everything. Then it's impulsive.

You, or you want to prove someone wrong and you do. And then you make a wrong decision. So normally it's an impulsive year for you.

But does that mean you shouldn't invest? No, you still should invest, but you need to aware of this emotion. Impulsive means you don't think you're lazy. You just go all in.

Okay. You invest with emotion. So now what if it's a harm? Have I sent the harm table to all of you here yesterday? Okay.

So I want to say ask a wise, yeah, better strategy. But you need to check whether that person that you're asking got clashed or not. Yeah.

If the person, but you need to check whether that person that you're asking got clashed or not. Yeah. If the person you're asking the partnership also clashed, then double clash even worse.

Okay. So now I'm going to send to you. The, let me see.

Ah, this one. Guys, can you send this for them? This chart comes with combinations and the harm as well. Okay.

All right. So now back to the thing here. Let's say next year is a horse.

And then you have an ox here. What is the ox got to do with the horse? It's a harm. So if it's a harm, that year you are being governed by greed.

And if you are greedy, what will happen? You will make a wise decision. Okay. Be careful of that.

Because when you have greed, I don't care how intelligent you are. You attract a lot of scammers and that, or you make some wrong decision because you want more insight. You want more.

Clash is different. Clash, they just think, they're just impulsive. They act at the moment.

They don't think much. But harm, they might. They are not impulsive.

Maybe in that year, they want more and want more. And finally, when they find an occasion or opportunities to do so, they invest everything. Are they impulsive? No.

But internally, they want more. They become greed. Yeah.

If you look at all the professional scammer, right? If there are one interview, actually, they caught a scammer. And they asked this scammer, is there a people that you cannot scam or not? He say, yes. People that is not greedy, I cannot scam them.

I don't know why. That is the hardest challenge for me. As long as they have a glimpse of greed inside, I can manipulate it.

Okay. This is what comes from professional scammer. Okay.

So if you have a harm, if you have an ox there, 2026, be aware of those emotions. Is this useful? Okay. All right.

Okay. Someone will say, you don't have the clash slide yesterday. Don't worry later.

They're going to send to you. Okay. Now, combination.

Combination. Let me show you again. Combination, right? Combination.

I really send you the slide here on the left-hand side. That's the table there. So combination basically is like this.

You have a goat here. And next year is 2026, right? How many of you have a goat in your hour pillar? Okay. Very good.

So 2026 is a horse. And based on the table combination, horse will combine with the goat, right? Combination means more. Good or not? People like combination.

Every time you see a combination means more. But the more also can mean small profit. Or more debt.

Yeah. Also more, right? Yeah. But here indicate that, yeah, you can reap something.

So if you are experienced investor, you know what you're investing. These are the timing you should pay more attention to. If you are a good investment investor, I think you know how to control losses.

Right? You're not just blindly invest. So this is a year you can accumulate, hopefully assets. Okay.

All right. So how many of you have the goat again? So now probably this is year you go and study investment. Yeah.

Try starting test your skill. Probably you can collect a lot of stuff. Combination means collection.

More. Multiply. Okay.

This is the investment timing you can look into. So now you can, you can see the interaction with this. No, in the day is irrelevant.

Okay. Sonia, we only looking at the hour because hour is an investment pillar. If you crash with the day, probably just means that you suddenly discover your fat.

You want to go through a weight loss regime. That's it. Okay.

For the day. And sometimes suddenly discover your fat, right? Maybe you don't know you eat a lot, but one day you look in the mirror. You don't even recognize yourself.

Yeah. That is a reflection. That is a crash on the day.

Therefore you have pain and then do something. That's what the crash is all about. But now we don't care.

We care about the hour pillar. All right. Is this information useful for you? Yeah.

Now, now, you know, a few stuff. Yeah. The in-depth resource element, which mode are you in? Are you the one, the vision? Remember there are three category.

We also talk about the investment category, the asset class. And now we're talking about timing. So this will give you a guide for you.

Yeah. To study this. Why? Because this is so important.

Let me summarize everything for you. So a bond for wealth. There you go.

All right. So yesterday, very much. We focus on here.

Creation. Remember we talk about the value, the heavenly path and identify the luck timing manifestation. And just now, we also talk about allocation.

Remember there are no question asked because once you make money, you cannot stop here. You need to push to this level where you need to allocate your money, what to do with the money. I see a lot of people, they have a high salary, but they're broke every month because they have a lot of expenses.

They don't want to manage. So the allocation is important. A lot of people cannot get through this point.

Once you know this, then you go to growth. Growth is investment. Now you start to multiply what you earn because allocation, remember 30% is investment bucket.

You're going to bring up to here and then you do investment. And in long run, if you're doing this correctly, if you grow by itself in a loop, finally you reach critical mass. Critical mass means that you are self-sustaining.

Even you don't work, money still coming in, but you need to repeat the process. Once you make investment money, you invest on the bottom creation. You see this, right? If you want to make more money, let me walk through this with you.

Creation is where you improve your value, right? You become more capable. You make more money or not. Then you go to allocation.

You can save more, you can invest more, right? So because when you're able to save more, you can invest more, growth, you become better. And then when you make money, where this money goes to, goes back to here. Why you want to go back to here? Because you need to reinvest on education.

So you become better in creation. Then you go through this process of allocation and then go here. So the loop is here.

So making money is not a matter of intelligence. It's a matter of consistency in following the plan. Okay, so what you do this religiously, and then you're able to reach critical mass.

Hopefully for some of you here, you can find, reach to this point as fast as possible. Okay, if some of you here already there is good. This is what I call financial independence.

And we do it better. You become financial freedom. You still can work, but you don't work for money anymore.

A lot of people say, I like to build quality times with my family. If you still need to work a lot of money, how do you have those time? Okay, so do you want that triangle? Okay, guys, can you send this to them as well? I want you to stick somewhere that you can see it often and then have a plan how to do this. So what you need to do is you need to repeat the process on a triangle without asking question.

I know a lot of intelligent people. Is it work or not? I'm on second month. I'm on the third month.

Two intelligent people will become poor one, you know, because they always ask questions. They keep analyze. Before I allow you to grow, you already asking question why you shouldn't do it.

Do you realize that intelligent people, normally they cannot make a lot of money. They are good in exam during school time. They can pass with flying colors.

But when they go to reality, you know, after they graduate, it's a different world. Compared to someone that don't think too much. They just do.

Like for me, I got intelligent stuff. So I always ask question until I realize that, you know, when I ask a lot of questions, I become afraid I don't do stuff. So that time I practice this triangle system.

I don't care. I got money. I put inside.

I roll. I roll. Even one year, I don't see much result.

Sometimes I just do it. But in long run, hey, it works. Okay.

So the question here, would you trust the processor? Okay. I leave that part to you. I hope you enjoy these two days of born for wealth program.

Do you enjoy this? I share a lot of stuff for you to think about. I urge you to watch the replay. Yeah.

That's 70 replay. Don't waste that. You know, watch it over and over again.

We still meet each other again on the other two bonuses, right? Probably I will organize this in the late November or early December because I want you to practice this first. So you can ask me quality question later on. I'll have a Q&A to do it.

But I want you to practice first cannot for the next few weeks. Then I'll see you guys again in either early December for the two bonus. And that time I will allocate some portion of the time answering your question, but you must do your part.

How about that? Okay. And I would like to say thank you to all of you here for trusting me by going through this journey of metaphysics and self-improvement with me. It's a privilege to become your teacher, a guide for all of you.

I hope that I able to shine some light to some of you in these two days to hope you awaken certain part of your destiny to become better. All right. Cool.

So now later on within, I think maybe a minute or two, I'll post something on Telegram. I want you to share with me which part of these two days you like the most. And I would really appreciate if you can share with me which one you like.

Because once I know that, I know what to do on my next program, the heaven cook. Okay, good. So I will say wish all of you here great success and great health and more success is coming.

And the last but not the least is I would like to use this moment to thank all the team here. All right. You know, they're working hard around the clock, just like yesterday.

Some of them, they didn't sleep because of the payment issue. You know, they work around the clock. I will say that they deserve a lot of applause and recognition for that.

And like for me, I'm just talking, right? Nothing much. But for them, they are the real hero behind. Okay.

All right. Hope that if you meet them one day in the event, say hi to them. And also to me, I would love to meet all you guys in real person.

So till then, have a great time. And I would like to say in advance, Merry Christmas to everyone. Okay.

See you next time. Bye-bye.

