How are you guys doing today? Good? Haven't got a nice rest yesterday? Do you guys sleep well? Type the word yes if you sleep well yesterday. You sleep like a baby. Wow, good. 

Okay. Yeah, but not my team. The team here, actually, yesterday, they are barely sleeping because they tried to help all of you here.

You know what happened yesterday, right? Yeah, they want to register for the program but somehow they cannot get in and then they sent a long message to the team here so they work around the clock just to help you guys fix the problem. So I've been told that it's already fixed, right? For everyone here? Okay. Yeah, because yesterday they are so stressed.

They told me I got so many messages coming in and they don't know what to do. Yeah, pity them. But I'm sure I'm going to buy them a special dinner after today's program.

Okay. For all of you guys here, if you are... Yes, how many of you here already are joining yesterday's program? Type the word me. Yeah, let me check out.

Yeah, to ensure that all of you here actually... Wow, okay, so many of you here. Good. Okay, don't worry.

I'm going to ensure everyone here are properly taken care of, you know? So if anything, just talk to the team. I think we have... Let me see how... Okay, they are Kerry, SK, Dyson, Steph, William. All right, all of them here are able to help you with any questions.

You just talk to message any one of them there. Then, yeah, they are more than happy to help you out here. Okay, so now for yesterday, I know some... How many of you here, you didn't attend yesterday's session? You didn't attend? And you... Or maybe you totally forgotten your talk today is day one.

Okay, all right. So if you do, if you are... That category is fine, all right? Because later on, we're going to release the seven-day replay. You're going to watch it.

You're not missing out anything. And the way I design it, you need not to know chapter... Day one chapters for you to understand day two, all right? You're all good. For chapter one, you fill in the missing part.

You're going to watch the replay. Are you guys okay with that? Okay, all right. So let me see.

Okay, good. At least you're relaxed. Otherwise, you feel like, okay, yeah, I am... You feel like you're not belong here because other people learn so much.

No, all right. That's the reason I organize chapter by chapter. So first thing first today, what is the most popular question people ask? Is what is the telegram channel? Yeah, that's the most important question ever.

And that's an easy question, right? Okay, there you go. If you are new or you didn't attend yesterday, now I give 10 seconds. Okay, screen time here.

So this is the code you're going to do actually to scan. Or you don't know how to scan QR code. Look at the chat box right now.

Carrie actually posted the link there. All right. This is the telegram channel for Born for Wealth.

This is not my telegram channel, my official one. This is specific for Born for Wealth students. But I noticed a lot of people asking questions in the public or my public telegram channel.

And I decided not to reply. Otherwise, it's not fair to the students, right? Some of you ask questions about the courses and all the info you learned yesterday. Everything will be... All the slides will be sent through this dedicated channel.

Only for Born for Wealth students. But what if you're not Born for Wealth students and you actually join his channel? Whatever you apply won't work for you, okay? Yeah, this is something that I've been experimenting since the last manifestation. Yeah, I created this on coming day.

I know some people, right? They buy this program and then they actually resell it to their own member. This is not something good to do. I don't endorse that.

Yeah, basically, you know, they do a pirated version of this. Yeah, this is not something new to me. I mean, since I'm teaching Period 9 in 2019, I saw that.

Yeah, there are a lot of students come to me and tell me, I would say, do you know that someone actually teaching your content? Yeah, so of course, I can do it in a more forceful way. You know, all these legal letters. But so far right now, I didn't do that.

But let's see how. Later in the future. But for now, everyone good for today? Okay, good.

Now, so just now I also noticed some of you asking about the Pazer chart for 2026, right? Don't worry. Yeah, you're gonna get one. Yeah, probably in chapter number 5 later.

There are some of you yesterday. I promised you to give you chapter, the Pazer of 2026, right? Don't worry. I saw just now Karin Ng.

Are you there, Karin Ng? Yeah, so I still remember it. Okay, don't worry about it. It comes through the right time.

You'll get it. Yeah, I need to need to align with that or synchronize with the heaven's rhythm first. All right.

Okay, so now. So Anna say that we are born to love students. Otherwise, we won't be here to join the Telegram channel.

Yes, all of you here are here. Yeah, but some people, they copy the link and then they send to other students. Yeah, some people like that.

I don't know why. I mean, I'm not saying all of you here. Some people are somehow able to get the link and then they just spread.

And yeah, that's the reason. Of course, we can do another precaution is to give you password. But I think so.

I think right now I don't try to restrict too much for all of you here to join to make it easier for you. So we have a good faith in all our students here, all of you here. All right.

Okay, so now. Let me just give you some recap about what we are doing yesterday. Okay, this is the roadmap of Born for Wealth.

Yesterday, we talked about three chapters. It will be the first one will be unlocking the gates of heavenly wealth. Second chapter, the seven-figure wealth creation blueprint.

One is a heaven council. And then another one is the heaven, the wealth timing or the heavenly timing. So we go through all this.

So basically, yesterday, we talked a lot about the person, right? The talent, the path of wealth. When is the timing come? And now, today, the chapter number four, I will talk about from a different realm, which is the earth realm. Because sometimes, you know, you don't, maybe you hate your partner.

How many of you hate your partner? Some people do, right? How do you know you hate your partner? The more you look at it, the more fearful you are. Okay, internally, you develop resentment with the partner, okay? But how many of you here, the more you read your partner, the more inspired you are, the more energetic you are? Type the word me, if you're those type of person. You start to see so many possibility, I can do something very good.

Okay, so and now let me bring you up this chapter here. Chapter number four is multimillionaire Feng Shui setup, period nine edition. Okay, so today, for chapter number four, I'm going to talk about Feng Shui.

Okay, Feng Shui is a huge subjects. They have more than over 1000 formula of orders. Yeah, but the thing here is, today we will focus on it primarily on wealth and we also focus on speed.

This is important. I know I mentioned several times before that in period nine doesn't recognize you. If you are slow, how many of you here are pretty slow? You make decision very slow.

I need to think about it. Then you need to meditate for five days. And then after that, you do so many divination.

Only you decided like what to eat in the next week. So people do that. Okay, but definitely not you, right? All of you here.

Yeah, you actually, you're very fast. You make decision. You eat fast.

You walk also fast, you know, so everything also fast. Yeah, that is how period nine work. So if you're very slow, somehow period nine will forgot you.

Okay, it seems like you're invisible there. So therefore the technique I'm going to share with you here is something fun. Just like yesterday, right? Remember I keep emphasizing you to use the annual pillar.

All right, why? You need to know why. You don't just follow blindly what I'm going to share, right? So you need to know that we do that. All right, the thing here.

And Kevin Lim say that's why we joined the course in test vote. Yeah, yesterday the payment is test vote. Okay, yeah.

So, but the information and time I share with you is tested. Yeah, I've been starting doing this like 10 years ago. I go through all the hard things.

First, I do all the weightlifting so I can get information presented in a way that consumable. Even you are layman. Okay.

So now let's start this feng shui thing. First of all, we need to know why we use feng shui. Yeah, feng shui is somehow if you think you, or maybe if you hit buzzer, somehow you just hit it.

You don't know why. Or you feel that you already maximize your capacity. You work really hard and you actually achieve a lot.

But it's sort of like hitting the ceiling already. Or you reach a plateau that you know somehow there are something higher that you can achieve or bigger. How many of you have that feeling? You're sort of like now you're hitting the walls already.

You say I work really hard. I give every ounce of my energy. Yeah, you're already at that part.

Yeah, then maybe feng shui can help you. Because feng shui able to open another capacity for you if you already max out. But if you're someone lazy, you haven't maxed out anything.

You do nothing. I'm telling you feng shui cannot help you at all. Even you live in the best feng shui house, because feng shui just amplify what you already have.

This is super important. A lot of people think that the solution to their life is just live in a good feng shui house. No, feng shui amplifies stuff.

If you are lazy, what happens? You live in a good feng shui house. Tell me. Okay.

Think a bit. If you are lazy and you move. Yes, Yaidi mentioned correctly, right? So, for example, what happens when you motivate an idiot? You get what? Motivated idiot.

Is that what you want to be? We don't want, right? Yeah, so therefore I leave this chapter number 4, not on chapter number 1 yesterday. Okay, we don't want to be a motivated idiot. Motivated idiot is dangerous.

They charge on everything. We don't like that. Okay.

So now, when we use feng shui means that you want to have favor from the earth realm. Yesterday, we talked a lot about the heaven realm. So, if you need favor from the earth realm, earth energy, so that's why we use feng shui because the whole function of feng shui is to tap into the earth realm energy.

Remember the cosmic trinity? Yesterday, a lot we focus on the heaven. So, this way focus on the earth realm. So, the earth realm here is something that I will say, let me show you this.

Okay, there you go. Yeah, yes, this is a slide I sent you yesterday, right? So, this now we're talking about feng shui is on the earth realm. And how can actually feng shui works here is it works on the concept of proximity.

Proximity means what is the distance between you and the good energy. So, imagine that if every day, if your house got good energy, and every time you go back, don't you think those good energy will affect you? Within proximity, right? So, the concept of proximity, you are mixed with those energy. Just like your friends, if you within proximity, you mix with a lot of successful people, you become what? On the opposite, you mix with a lot of people that keep draining you down, you won't be successful.

Nothing wrong with your partner. It's just the concept of proximity doesn't work for you. Okay, so therefore, feng shui talking about proximity.

So, imagine if you have two house, one house you're staying in, and you have own another house, maybe in another state that had extremely good feng shui. Would you enjoy benefit from that house or not? Your second house, which that you don't stay in. You actually rent it out.

No, no, no effect at all. A lot of people think, as I buy more good feng shui house, they get more feng shui. No, feng shui doesn't recognize whether you're the owner of the house, or you rent the house.

Okay, remember this. A lot of people say, okay, this house I rent from others, doesn't mean the feng shui cannot affect me. No, feng shui don't know.

They only affect anything that inside the house. All right, if you put your pet, your dog inside the good feng shui, you actually affect the dog also. Do you guys understand this? Now at this juncture here, some of you, you didn't decide to buy any property for this year.

Some of you actually are looking for one right now. So if you're looking for one, what we normally do, we keep asking one question, right? Is it a good feng shui or not? This new house, is it good or not? That one might not be entirely right question to ask. First of all, you must make sure the new feng shui house, although it's good, is it better than the current feng shui house that you're living in? Make sense? Anyone can tell you a certain house is good, right? But if they cannot compare with your current one, let's say it's worse than your current one, even you so-called move into a new house that claim to be good feng shui, but it's a bad feng shui to you, agree or not? Because your current house, the energy already that high.

Now you actually constrain yourself and you go to low level again. Make sense? So this is to share with some of you, keep looking for good feng shui, that's one part, but must be better than the current one. Make sense, guys? You follow me.

So once you know the concept, I want to introduce to you what actually influence energy, the earth realm energy. Because just now I'm telling you, now we're assessing to the earth energy. So some of you learn feng shui probably already know, there are two forces that govern the earth realm.

When you see these two so-called features, it's sort of like telling you, you are actually, that area got some positive energy happening. So very simple is the mountain and water. The mountain is the yin, water is the yang.

When these two are in balance, you get good feng shui. So if you go to an area, there are no hill or mountain or higher terrain, and there absolutely no water. Would you buy that area? No.

Okay. So you don't even need to take out your law pen or compass to measure it. Okay.

So remember this. So this is super important because when you talk about how to set up a middleman, set up feng shui, this is the thing they're looking for first. They don't look at anything else.

I think five years ago or six years, roughly around that, I actually lead a team to do something like a feng shui excursion. This one is in Penang. It's a small excursion just for students at that time.

So we bring them to an area where there are three blocks of condo or high-rise building, and then I ask them to actually look at which is the unit you're going to buy. So I give them like 30 minutes to go around the property, walk around and all those things. So one thing that caught the attention on that area is it's very nearby to the airport.

So it's very noisy. They actually see the landing, the lane there, you know, the runway. And then on one side, there's a balcony.

They see that. Do we like that? Is it a positive feature? Very noisy? No, right? This is yin or yang? Tell me. Two yang already, right? Okay.

And then because they're only 30 minutes, so they're a bit stressed, right? Oh my God, oh my God, what I should do? So they take out a law pen, measure this. Okay, this is the location facing one direction. And then they plot the flying star chart and everything.

I don't know what they're doing. Some of them take out to measure the Shanggong-Dagua alignment, align the table, the bed. So you don't see directly to the runway.

And after 30 minutes, I do a debrief with them. And then they explain all the things, all right? It's good because I allow them to explain. So after that, then I supposed to give an answer, right? So I tell them with all due respect, you know, I mean, you guys here are very hardworking.

Yeah, you do all this calculation. All formula is correct or aligned to Feng Shui principle that they're missing one thing. All right, is what is the 20% rules here? I tell them if here is because there are four blocks, right? If here is so noisy, you need not to choose already.

You just search the opposite, right? Opposite there, the other block is mountain, right? So any unit in that area is already better. Makes sense. I don't even take out formula just because we know that the balance of yin and yang.

Okay. So now you also know. So I want you to think in a macro level, because when we think about Feng Shui, we keep thinking about what's inside, what I should measure, the bid or anything.

That one, yes, but not the determined factor. So now I want you to know mountain and also the water is the one. So now the question here is how do we receive this energy? Let's say, just imagine right now you're going to buy a new house.

You see, you look around, right? See whether got hill or something. So now I'm going to teach you one thing here is like this. How do you harness 5G network from the earth energy? Yeah.

If it's a, if it's, if it's not a bad, a good area is, is a bad area. Then you might not get the 5G network. You may, you may get 4G or even lower.

So, which means that you're not able to reap the true benefits of those energy. Okay. So do you want to know whether your current house or your future one, or the knowledge of knowing where to have this 5G energy? You want to know this first, right? Because this is super important.

When you want to buy a multi-millionaire future house. So the first thing here, you want to know that, because there are mountain and water to choose. One is yin.

Yin is mountain. Water is yang. And in period nine, if you need to only choose one, choose the mountain.

Write this down first. Mountain will take precedence when it comes to period nine. I know a lot of people looking for water, but they're heading to the wrong direction.

Okay. So yes, both are so important, but let's say if you have both is even better, but if you need to choose, choose mountain. Okay.

So do you know why you want to know why? Okay. Let me show this. I do do this quickly.

This is technical part of it. So look at this chart here. This is HER2.

HER2, this is a metaphysics things. All right. When you learn Feng Shui, you have this.

So HER2 basically is a science. Lu Shu is the applied science. So here, do you notice that right now we are in period nine, right? Okay.

Period nine, outer number. This one, eight, six and nine is obviously yang. So period nine is very yang element because it's powerful.

So now you apply to application. You see number nine here, right? So which means number nine is super yang. Because it's on the outside.

So when you are super yang, number nine, right? Because period nine, you always focus on nine first, because that's the most prosperous energy. When the element is too yang. Remember the Penang story I told you guys all about? When it's too yang, we need what? Yes.

Correct. Cheong Sin Leong. Okay.

So say yes, it's correct. It's actually, you need to apply yin. So now mountain and water, which one represent yin element? Mountain.

Because mountain doesn't move, right? So therefore, it already telling you anything. If you don't have, you need to choose between one, look for mountain first. Okay.

Or hill. Not necessarily a real mountain. Yeah.

But it could be a hill. Okay. It's super important.

And you also realize this is universal principles that no matter where you go around the world, most of the time, the hilly area is where rich people live. Do you actually realize that? Or the rich neighborhood is all there, right? It's not just your country, everywhere. For example, how many of you here from LA, California? Especially LA, right? So you see that Beverly Hills, the northern part of it.

So you see that's a part of the foothills around the Santa Monica area. Right. Okay.

Who is from LA here? Okay. So, okay. You see that, right? That's where all these rich people lives, right? The Santa Monica is a mountain in Los Angeles.

Okay. So that's that. So, and if you look at London, right? One of the highest point in London, have you heard about Hampstead? Are you from London? It's more like 400 feet above the sea level.

So that one is also rich people live. Okay. How about let's bring this to Asia, Hong Kong.

Where is where all the rich people gather or live? Sun Tang, the peak. Have you heard about the Victoria Peak? Okay. Yeah.

This is the ultimate Feng Shui textbooks case where the wealth rises to the hill, overlooking the water there. Okay. Yeah.

So, and in Singapore, have you heard about the Bukit Timah? All right. Yeah. That was also super expensive, right? In Malaysia, Bukit basically means the hill.

Yeah. Bukit is the Malay word for it. Okay.

So, and in Malaysia, we have this Damansara Heights. Yeah. Nestled between the Bangsa Monkera area.

That one also a hill, hilly area. You see all this and this, I cannot mention every country, but I try to make a point here. You see this consistently.

Okay. So, since Bukit equal hill. So, do you realize that any development that has the word Bukit, normally the price will rise? At least in Malaysia, because the word hill.

You're in a Western country, then maybe Beverly Hills could be one. Yeah. This is consistent.

So, now in period 9, it also says that look for hill, look for mountain, look for higher ground. Make sense? Okay. So, because the mountain is the direct connection with everything else.

Yeah. The energy coming from that. Okay.

So, you learn something new now. Okay. So, once you know this, I want to bring this principle forward here.

This is the summary. Guys, you can actually send to them this. Okay.

So, basically, this is the, we like to see mountain from this four location. We don't just want to see mountain. We want it to, if your house is here, let's say, yeah, this is the four direction.

We like to see mountain. And the thing here is you see the South got five star, right? So, if you only can choose the one area that have mountain, which mountain you like the most? South. Why? Because South is number 9. 9 is period 9. The most prosperous.

Once you do this, you lay a good foundation function in your house. You might think, I haven't measured the house direction yet. I haven't do internally.

Whatever it is, it's not that important. Now, make sure is the right energy first. When you are right energy, you can enhance.

So, when you're in the wrong energy area, even you apply Feng Shui, it's sort of like a treatment only. So, let me ask you, when is the best time to become more healthier? It's when you're healthy, right? Do you guys agree? The best time to become healthier is when while you're still healthy. So, whatever you do, you see benefits.

But when you try to be healthy, when you're sick, that way is called treatment. You just try to improve. So, therefore, the same concept actually apply in Feng Shui as well.

Okay. So, therefore, the mountain position has to be correct first. If I need to be strict on this.

I know some of you right now, you might think I was in my house, don't have the mountain. Then how? Then don't worry because now is still chapter 4, right? There are more things you can do about it. So, now you know the concept.

So, now I want you to think a little bit. Your current house right now that you're staying in, do you see mountain or hill or higher ground? Okay. Some of you, yes.

Some of you, no. Okay. Cool.

And if you see it, where the mountain location is from your house. Okay. So, basically in your house, at the center of your house, you look at the compass, see where the south is, then you're looking out.

Do you see a hill or not? Okay. If you see it there, that is a good feature to see in period 9. If you want to build your wealth, this is the first criteria. Okay.

Cool. Now, we're going to zoom in. There are some, because some of you might think, right? The mountain, I mean, there are four directions, right? Is this the same? You ever seen the southwest or northeast? No.

Yeah. It's not the same. So, let me show you this thing here.

Do you want this or not? Okay, guys, can you send this to them? All right. Okay. Some of you ask if I have surrounded by mountain ranges, select the highest point of the mountain, the peak.

Among all the ranges, they always want, of the mountain, our hill is higher. Okay. So, now, which one you like the most? Of course, depends on what you're doing, right? So, if you look at the south, this one is about authority, you're building brand.

You see the south, you know, coming from the south is a mountain of illumination. So, if that is your goal, you want to have this personal brand authority, look for the south mountain. But if you want to build happiness, trust, relationship, collaboration, partnership.

Yeah. West mountain has extra function for this. Okay.

So, if you want to look for northwest mountain is authority. This is good for professionals because about leadership, mentor, management, create legacy is a long-term thing, more stable. Like you're working for others.

You grow money, you create legacy. It takes time, but it's about authority or powerful in that way. And if you're looking for wisdom, then how do you convert your knowledge into experience or money or solution, then it's northwest.

Okay. Are you guys clear? But what if you don't know this? Don't worry. Just choose a mountain within the four direction is considered good.

This one is only if you want to be specific. So just share with you a little bit about how I use this. When I built my career, which one do you think I pay more attention to? When I started, I'll use this.

Okay. I'm using West. I know a lot of people think about this because when I do, um, when I started my career in management, direction is considered good.

This one is only if you want to be specific. So just share with you a little bit about how I use this. When I built my career, which one do you think I pay more attention to? When I started, I'll use this.

Okay. I'm using West. I know a lot of people think about this because when I do, um, when I started my career in metaphysics, I, the way, or this is more like someone's style, right? So the way I do more is more with building trust with clients.

Yeah. Partnership collaboration. Yeah.

Because that time I don't know a lot of people, but I need to tap to their platform so I can speak. So I built a lot of happiness trust first. Let them trust me.

Then things got, start going for me. Okay. So, and, um, the thing here is now, yeah.

I just to share with you. Yeah. I actually have another, I'm going to move into a new house soon, probably next year.

And the mountain is the best mountain is still there, but not the most prominent one. I choose this mountain. Yeah.

Go become different. Yeah. Now it's about the wisdom.

Yeah. I monetize my mind experience and solution and innovation. Okay.

This is how I actually use the mountain. So for you is different, but if you don't know anything of this, it's fine. Yeah.

As long as we didn't, this four direction is equally good. This is just additional function. I hope guys.

Okay. All right. Because the mountain or hill itself is already good.

This is additional function that each of them have. Okay. So, uh, Zach David say, if I see both Northwest and Northeast, can I use both? If you see, there is not your choice to choose whether you want to use.

Yeah. You get these two benefit at the same time. Okay.

David, do you understand this? Yeah. It's not a choice. Yeah.

Because it's environment, environment. Yeah. It overpower you, but it's your choice whether you want to act on it or not.

Right. You can just do nothing. Right.

Watch TV every day or do or collecting stamps, just like one of my friends. Then it's fine. So therefore, but if, because today topic is about born for wealth.

So we actually do something like for me, I'm using West mountain. That's where that time I used to build trust with students, with clients. Yeah.

Because you don't have trust. I think that is very hard for them. Yeah.

To study. I'll get, I'll get a consultation from me. So you must do something.

One is not like activate, activate. Activate is for lazy people. I do nothing.

I just activate suddenly wealth come. You know, life doesn't work that way. I wish it worked that way, but it's not.

So did I put a lot of effort at that time? Yes. As, as a human realm, I still do a lot of effort, but when it comes with the right mountain, what Feng Shui will do, it will amplify my effort. You guys understand this.

I don't want to get an idea because out there, a lot of people take advantage of those people don't know Feng Shui. They ask you if you put this element, then your life is changed. You'll be okay.

You'll be great. You really believe in that? No, right? Yeah. You look at all the successful people that reach people.

If you interview them, how many of them, or even no single one tell them I become rich because I put a toad in my bed next to my bed. No one telling this. Everyone telling you effort.

So the effort part you cannot avoid. You still need to do it. All right.

But with this right position, you will see the speed. Yeah, actually increase faster than you can imagine. Okay, good.

So now once you understand the mountain position, this bring you to, I want you to understand this. You want to learn Feng Shui. External, which is the mountain of water, governs 70%.

And what you do inside the house just govern 30%. That's how little it is. Okay.

So I want to think that right now, right? Every time you do Feng Shui, is it you do it for the 30% or 70%? Most of the time. Yeah. We plot flying star chart, everything.

Very likely we actually do it in the 30%. I'm not saying it's wrong. Because some of us here, we already stay in a house.

And then we haven't have enough money to buy a new house. Isn't it? So the solution, there are two solutions. You want to hear the solution? Okay.

If you're 100 of you here, you know that you want to have a better Feng Shui house. But you don't have enough money to do that yet. Cut the word mean.

It's a common problem, right? Because learning Feng Shui is one. So there are two options for you. Okay.

So one option here is you can rent a good Feng Shui house. You know Feng Shui, you can subscribe one. Can you do that? Just like how you subscribe Netflix.

You can subscribe good Feng Shui one. So by today's session here, this Feng Shui, you know what is a good Feng Shui house to rent. And what is a bad Feng Shui from wealth perspective.

Which in fact, I'm going to share with you. Okay. What is the second step? Second step is learn from Iverson.

In fact, you're doing it right now. It's very good. Okay.

So these are actually the third step. Third step, you can engage our consultant. We can do it for you.

So totally you can pick whatever you want. But right now I'm going to teach you how to identify a good one and a bad one. So I just did just now by looking at the mountain position.

That one is for observation, 70%. But you say, Iverson, how I wish I can move the mountain to somewhere else, right? Or the right location, because a lot of us here, sometimes we stay in a house, the mountain will be there, right? You can't just move the mountain. So therefore we also can look at the 30% influence to do something on it.

Okay. So you might think, right? 30% is so little, right? But don't you think it's also something you can do? How about this? I want you to think, if your salary increased by 30%, are you happy or not? Are you happy? Not bad, right? You've got 30%. What if next year you do even better, another 30%, you know? So actually it's quite powerful too.

And once you do that, you're compounding, later you have a lot of money, then you can buy a better house, a better environment. Okay. Now I'm going to teach you how do you maneuver this 30% since we cannot move mountains.

Therefore, I want you to, this leads us to this topic here. Know your house. Okay.

This is basically is the internal blueprint. Know your house energy. And the system I want to introduce to all of you here in terms of knowing energy is one system called flying stars.

How many of you here actually learn or heard about flying stars? Not flying fox. All right. Okay.

Flying stars. Okay. It's a formula.

It's among so many formulas is Feng Shui. This is one of the popular one due to the reason because it can give you fast results. Okay.

So flying star Feng Shui is one of the system. If you do it, mentioned going to wait 20 years. At that time, your grandchildren also coming out already, you know? So probably that one later.

Okay. But for now, all right, I want to talk about the fast way. All right.

Feng Shui because period nine is fast. So flying star is one of the favorite topic in period nine is the most useful one. Okay.

So now let me share with you first. How do we know the house is good or not? Basically, this is a flying star chart. Of course, right now, you don't know what it is, right? Okay.

Also numbers. So the numbers will tell you whether that sector is good or the sector is bad. We are going to tell you shortly.

So why don't you grab the concept first? Let's say, let's say this house here, where you think is a good area for wealth? Just simply pick one. Is it a South sectors or where? Let's say South. A lot of people say South.

Okay. So here I just put the dollar sign here. It's like this.

So let's say this is your house. Where you will do your work? Where would you place your office? If you, let's say, of course in the South, right? This is common sense. And if you discover this area, let's say this area is a bad area.

Let's say, would you go to that area to work if you were going to make more money? No. Would you go to North East sector? No. All right.

It's a bad sector. So if you discover that this sector is a stupid sector. Okay.

Have you, anyone that go there, suddenly they get confused of everything. Would you stay there? Let's say, I'm not saying Southeast is stupid sector. I just give you an example.

Will you stay there? No. And who you ask to stay there? Maybe your mother-in-law that you secretly hate. You'll tell her that, okay, according to my calculation, after learning Feng Shui, don't mention my name.

All right. Okay. Southeast is the best among the room.

Okay. But you know that because I respect you so much, you are the one that come into my mind first. Put that.

When you put your mother-in-law there, she'll less complain already. Right. They don't complain so much.

If you're awake at noon time, they also won't scold you. That is good. Someone maybe help you to do laundry or so.

Okay. Very good. So now that is the concept.

But now you don't know yet, right? Okay. Now I know how to position, but I don't know the number what it means. Okay.

So now I will teach you that. How do you do that? Of course, you must know what is the numbers in your house. This number is basically energy.

Okay. So what is the number? So in order to do that, you need to know two things. Facing direction of your house.

Okay. And what is the period of your house? Okay, guys, I think this is important. Can you send them the slide for this? Okay.

Send them. Only two things. Because now you don't know which is your chart, right? So look at these two things to get the chart out.

Okay. So now, very simple. Facing direction.

You are facing the direction here. First thing, do you know your house facing direction? Okay, there are two types, right? One is the high-rise, and then one is the landed property. So if you live in high-rise, you need to go out from the building.

And then from there, you need to take the facing direction of the building instead your own unit. You need to know this. All right.

How many of you here, you live in a high-rise building? All right. Okay. So you need to get out from the building.

And then you stand here, for example. And this is the facing direction. Everyone clear? Okay.

Last time when I teach this, but they say I wasn't. But my one is a condominium. Is it considered high-rise? And some students ask me, but my one is an apartment.

How would you reply to those questions? There was a name people gave to it, right? So it does not matter. So as long as your house has so many units to share, you actually stand there and then you take direction of the building. Okay, everyone clear? All right.

So now, what if you are actually landed? Landed is easy. All right. And landed is you need to, you just, because you own the whole thing, right? So therefore, let's say this one, where you stand to take the direction, stand here, roughly at the center here.

Okay. My drawing is still very bad. Hopefully next year I can be better.

According to 2026 chart, I can draw better next year. So bear with me at this moment. Okay.

So now, facing direction. So if your neighbor asks you to, how to take direction, ask your neighbor, stand here. This is a facing direction.

Here is here. Okay. Guys understand or not? Super easy.

Okay. Now let me clear this. So let's say you, the thing here is when you need to use this system here, it's not just like South.

In South, you also need to divide by South 1, South 2, South 3. Let's say you measure direction is South, but you need to fine tune it, whether it's South 1, South 2, South 3. It divided into three sectors. I would say subdivided into three sectors further. So we call this sub-sectors.

So how do you know what is South 1, South 2? I already indicate the degree here. So the team will send you the full copy here. So guys on the Telegram channel, I think there are one file called 24 mountains reference chart.

So send to them right now. Okay. Which means if you discover your house are facing Southwest, that is not enough.

You need to know whether it's South 1, Southwest 1, sorry, Southwest 2 or Southwest 3. Are you okay? Cut the word if you understand this. How do you know? Based on the reference here. Let me check whether they already sent to you or not.

Have they sent to you yet? Let me check for you. Okay, good. They haven't.

Faster please. Okay. It's coming.

It's coming. In the Telegram folder, there are one file called 24 mountain reference chart. Okay.

Okay. While they're sending, now you can... Okay. I think it's coming.

Okay. Check your Telegram right now. Do you see that? Because the slide, I cannot show all the possible directions due to the asset screen size.

So, but from the PDF, it shows you all the possible directions. Starting from South until encounters all the rest of the 8 directions. Okay.

Got it? Okay. Once you got this, then it's fine. And some of you here, also maybe you're finding hard to discover the facing direction of your property.

Maybe it's a bit weird. Don't worry about that because I actually record a YouTube video. You go to my YouTube video.

You search for facing direction. I record that for you. So I don't want to do it here because most of people know it.

So just go. It's free. The video how to take direction.

Can you guys go and search? But 95% is really easy to determine the facing. Isn't it? But there are some weird shape building. Maybe you need some clarification I actually go through step 1, step 2 and step 3 in my YouTube.

That one you look it there. You look it over there. Are you guys okay? All right.

Don't let what you cannot figure out right now to interfere to learn more. Okay. My YouTube channel just says youtube.com slash Iverson Lee.

Okay. That's it. Or later you cannot find, you talk to the team, they will give you the link as well.

How about that? Okay. Let me do this for you. Later on, I'm going to copy the link.

I post it in the Telegram channel. How about that? Okay. So everyone just click the link and then you can view it.

Okay. Okay. Later after today's session, I'm going to send it to you.

Now, once you know, now I assume that you know the facing, just pretend you know the facing direction already. Then what's next? Okay. What's next here? Now you know how to take the facing direction.

The second information you need to know, the period. Period basically means when the house is born. There are only one to nine.

Okay. You just need to figure out when is it? It's just like your house barter chart. Okay.

So, and in order to do that, actually, it's very easy. I just, okay, guys, can you send this slide to them? It's in the slide folder. Yes.

Send this to them. So there are only nine periods. So your house would belong to one.

So how do you know? It's like this. Now there are also two, right? One is a high rise. I just put the word H, high rise, and then landed.

If you are high rise, you need to know, you look at the year. Every year, there are span of 20 years. So for the high rise, you need to look at the first occupant moving in.

Okay. The first occupant, maybe it's not you, maybe your neighbor. The moment your neighbor, let's say it's a new high rise building.

The moment your neighbor move in, let's say move in, in 2008, which period is the building? Eight or nine? Eight, right? Because 2008 is within this range. So yeah, so you need to check. So which means your building, everyone share the same period.

Your neighbor, everyone is a building, is a period eight property. Okay. Clear? It's the first occupant moving in, not you, unless you're the first one.

Okay. So now for landed property, you want to know the period, always easy. Period for landed property is the year you move in.

You don't care what neighbor it is. Okay. So if the year you move in is, let's say in 2025.

2025. So what is the period of your landed property? Nine. Okay.

All right. Easy. Okay.

So once you should able to got this already. So once you got this, which means that now you can able to determine, you have two information already right now. So you have the facing direction and also the period.

Now with these two information, you can plot the chart already. Then how do you plot your house chart? It's like this. The team will send you a PDF file of all the possible charts in period from period one to period nine.

Okay. Guys, can you send them the PDF files? Yeah. From the flying star charts from one to nine.

Send to them now. They are about to send to you. So now let's do this.

Let's say just now, don't worry the PDF is on the way. Just now we need to establish two important information. Let's say, let's say you're discover that your house are facing south.

Is it enough? Not yet. You need to know south one, south two or south three, right? So let's say it's south one and then it's a period eight property. So you look at the PDF file later, you scan period eight property first.

So this one save you time because it's period eight, this example. All right. So south one, do you see that here indicate facing south one? Can you see this? Okay.

If this is the one, then this is your house chart. That's it. So now let's do another one here.

Okay. This is period nine. Some of you are in period nine property, so let's say your period nine property, you're facing north east.

Is it enough? No. You need to know north one, two or three. So let's say it's north east three and it's a period nine property.

Then you scan through the PDF file, look for period nine first. Then which one is facing north east? Three. So do you see facing here? Facing? Okay.

Are you sending the wrong files? I think you did send the wrong file. SK is flying star. Not flying fox.

Okay. It's there. Just look at it.

Okay. Wow. Okay.

Everyone here take a deep breath, close your eyes and open now. It's here already. Okay.

Do you see it? So SK, you need to delete the earlier file to avoid confusion. Okay. Do it now.

Okay. Very good. Now you only got one thing to deal with.

The period nine chart. Do you see that? So why I give you the PDF file? So you know how to look for the right chart in your case here. But some of you might think, oh, I don't know the facing yet.

That one don't worry first. Then later you'll find out, you ask people and all those things. But now I want you to know the method first.

All you need to know the period and the facing you can get a chart. Everyone clear? Guys? So you browse through the PDF file right now. It consists from period one to period nine.

Now I want you guys to do one thing. Assume you know the chart of your house already. Can you pretend first? Because later you can work that part out.

That one is technical part. It's not hard. So now let's say, yeah, let's say this is your chart.

I'll just pretend for a while. This is, this is the chart here. So what you need to know, because we are talking about wealth.

So when we talk about wealth, all wealth energy is from the top right. How about the rest? Ignore. All these are wealth energy.

Don't disregard anything else because you want to make money. You need to be focused. Okay.

So are you guys okay? Type the chat. Yes. If I understand what I'm talking about.

Okay, cool. So only top right number. So now I'm going to show you all this.

I'm going to introduce to you this number first. If you're talking about period nine, wealth in period nine, nine, one, two, four. Guys, can you send this copy to them? This is from the slide.

Okay. Do you see on your telegram? Okay. Now, in period nine, we want fast, right? So which of this is the fastest? Number nine.

I already indicated there, right? One is average, still pretty good. So are you going to use number two now? Would you? No. SK, you're sending the wrong image again.

Okay. Okay. The one you sent earlier, then later they're confused again.

Okay. Now SK say it's still handled by me. Oh, who is that? Okay.

Dyson. Okay. Please.

So you can relax. I just look at the right chat, then I'll send it to them. Okay.

Cool. So now you see nine, one, two, four, right? They'll tell you nine, one, two is you can use. But now we are talking about speed.

I will more concerned on nine and one. Okay. Yeah.

But nevertheless, these are the wealth numbers. Easy to remember or not? Nine, one, two, and four. Okay.

So now once you know this, then now I'm going to tell you how to apply this. This is become your new friend, best friend. You want to check whether this number lands here or not.

So let me just remember all the four numbers just now. When we look for wealth element, is it the top left, top right, or the center number? Top right. Remember I told you just now.

So can I see one here? All right. Nine, right? One, two, and four. Easy.

This part should be no problem, right? So let's say this is your chart basically. Okay. So now happy or not? If this is your house, happy? Of course, right? You see the wealth element, right? But so do everyone.

Every house, this number will appear. Does it mean it's good for everyone? No, of course. All right.

So the second thing you want to add one more layer to it is this so-called wealth numbers resides in the right sectors or not? We need to know that also, right? So let me tell you what sector they want to reside in. Wealth sectors. So now I'm going to share with you what is the wealth sectors.

So basically let me clear this. So just now that house is bad, right? Doesn't fall into this. So hold on.

Let me just share the screen again. Okay. Now guys, can you send this to them as well? Okay, good.

Now you see on your telegram channel already. Okay. So now he indicate that this will remain constant for period nine.

Okay. You might need to write this down. You might think will this change or not? Not until 2044.

Okay. So right now you still have a, because period one, it will change again. What happened in period one? Later before period one come, you attend my class again.

Which could be like 18 years from now. Okay. Maybe the time you send your son to attend.

All right. Okay. So therefore this is the position of the wealth element.

So now you know the thing here. So how do we apply this? So I'm going to show you how to apply. Let's say this is your house chart.

Okay. Don't worry. Don't worry.

I just put what I show you just now here. Remember just now I show you the, all the wealth palace. There are four palace.

Okay. This is not new, right? Remember just now I show you the wealth star is day 124. So this is nothing new.

I already send this information to your telegram just now. Okay. So I already sent to a telegram.

So you need not to concern. So now this is easy for the reference, because I don't expect you just can remember at this moment, right? So one is in the north, the first wealth palace, right? So what you need to do second off and then Southwest and then Southeast and then East. Then you say, I would say, why you need to, how do you know all these four boxes? Because coming from here, I already signed the chart.

So your job is very simple. Go through this four boxes, whether it contains wealth element or not. Let's start with Southwest.

Is number one is wealth element. Yes or no? Yes. Okay.

So, and then let's go to Southeast. South is number three. Is it a wealth element? Just check here, right? Nine, one, two, four.

Yes or no? No. Cancel it. So how about is number two? Is it a wealth star? Yes.

And how about the north? Okay. Is this a good wealth house or not? Yeah, pretty good, right? You score, you know, you need to land. Basically my point here is not, it's not enough just to have the wealth numbers.

You need to land in the wealth location. Clear? People take one year to learn this. Now I'm telling you this is the most easiest, yet the powerful way to learn Flyingstar for period nine.

And if you learn before, you know what I'm talking about, right? So it's very clear. So now you know this, I'm going to add one more layer to it. Okay.

Because people like rating one, you know? Yeah. Just like, I actually survey for hotels for holiday. What do we do normally? We look for rating, right? So some of them, if out of five star, if it's a four star out of five, is it a good place to stay? Like it's pretty good, right? So now is it has to be very accurate is 4.1. No, roughly, you know, because it's a collective opinion from certain group of people.

So what if I can share with you also the rating rather than, you know, okay. Three out of four is good, right? Would you be even better if you know roughly the rating of the wealth energy in this house? So if you want to know, it's very simple. You just need to, I'm going to send you this file.

Okay. So this, this is the points use. Let me clear this first.

Okay. Okay. Now they are sending you the file already.

So just be patient. It's coming. So now if you've got number four, you've got 40 points.

If you've got number one, 30 points. Number two is 10. Why is 10? Because it's super slow.

And four, pretty good, 20. So that's how you score your flying star chart. So now let's do this again.

Circle all the, all the wealth palaces first. East, southeast, southwest and north. Remember just now we do that.

Then which one is the wealth star? The three in the southeast definitely is not. Cancel this, but they are three, right? So it's, we got number nine from the north. I got number one from southwest and I got number two here.

So now apply the rating. How, how many points if you've got number nine? 40 points, right? So here is 30 and then number two, you got 10. So how much is this? 80% strength roughly.

And again, this is a guesstimate percentage. All right. So at least you know.

So this is the one. So some of you ask, do you actually look at the center? No, good question. We don't care about the center.

Why? Very simple. Because the chart don't ask you to look at the center. Only four location.

Alex won. Do you understand? Now you try to break rules. Okay.

My God, burn in period nine. Don't. I already clearly mentioned here only four sectors to look at.

All right, good. Okay. Now, so 80%.

So can I say that if you buy a house, this house is a period nine house and then facing south two or south three, you got this formation. I just telling you the logic behind. So once you know the logic, you can do on every house.

Every flying star chart. I don't want to remember which facing direction is good. There's so many.

All right. So you do this, you have this mindset. You can read any chart.

You might think, is this same thing applied to period eight chart or period seven or six? Yes. Same formula. Okay.

So someone say check in the center. I don't care, Karen, because it's not part of the discussion. Karen, do you understand? Whether you check in the center or not, it doesn't matter.

It's not part of the focus point. There are only four boxes you need to consider. All right.

Good. Okay. So once you know this, let's do some practical.

Okay. Now let's do this house here is a period nine house. How do I know it's a period nine? Because center is nine.

It says it's a period nine house. You look at your chart. You look at the PDF file.

It'll be like that. You look at all the flying star under period nine. All the chart center will be number nine.

Isn't it? So there's a quick way to tell this is a period nine house. So now what is the first thing to do here? We're going to circle all the well palace. One, two, three, four.

Then we will go through each of them. Three. Well star? Well star or not? No.

Very good. Five. Well star? No.

Four. Yes. Two.

Yes. So now we're going to apply the rating. You've got four.

You've got two, right? Number four give you how many points? 10. Number two give you 10. So you only got 30.

That's the rating for the wealth potential of this house. Interesting. Okay.

Is that easy? So now you can choose which house is good for you. You own a new superpower already. Okay.

Now let's do our next one. Okay. How about this? So what is the first step here, guys? Circle all the wealth palace, which in fact you should already know by now.

North, east, southeast and southwest. This formula stands until when? Period nine. Okay.

If you remember this, it's even better because you're not going to change every year now. This one will stay the same until the whole period nine. Only 2044, you'll come and attend Iverson class for period nine feng shui.

Okay. Remember that. All right.

So now the thing is like this. We do the same thing. Look at the top right number.

Five. Not well start. Four.

Yes. So I put a four here. Good.

Six. No. Seven.

Also no. So four. How many points for the four? 20%.

Okay. Having go through a few examples here. Now, do you know how to rate the wealth element in every chart? Okay.

Someone said I forgot the one. Why I forgot the one, guys? Huh? Qing Xing Liang? Because it's not part of the wealth palace. Okay, guys.

You understand Qing Xing Liang? Now you understand, huh? So someone say Faisal chart change every year. No, because this is your house chart. This is not the annual chart.

Okay. All right. So Susanti, it change is the yearly energy, but your house energy is the same.

Yeah. Susanti and Greg, you ask this question because of everything has changed. No.

It doesn't change until you buy a new house. Okay. All right.

Cool. So now I want to know that do you feel confident right now to check? So even if period eight or period seven is still the same thing. You don't care.

I don't bother by what period of your house is. Formula will stay the same. Yeah.

Okay. All right. Cool.

So now you actually earn a new superpower. The superpower here is, you know, now you know which is the direction you can buy a house at higher wealth capacity. And you can do it easily.

If you do it a few times, I'm sure you can compute the rating just like seconds. Yeah. There are two ways I can do this.

I can tell, okay, at least down all the direction you mean to memorize probably 20 of them. But I'm going to give you the ability to do it yourself. So whether it's a period one house, period two, stretch to period nine, you still can do the same.

Okay. Kellyn asked, is this applied to apartment building? Yes. Remember just I tell you, if you're apartment building, you still use this formula.

Okay. Jamie say my house got good rating. Gonna optimize it.

Yes. Now you have great potential because you cannot move the mountain. But right now let's do something on it.

So now let me just give you something you can think about here. If this is your house, let's say this is a house. Let me see this one.

Let me clear this drawing. Okay. Now let's say right now you're Feng Shui consultant and you got this assignment.

You want to check this house here. So do the same thing. First of all, circle all the wealth palace first.

So South East is the same if you notice. Okay. So all of it is here.

So now you check, right? So which one got wealth element? You see this is the one and then this is the one. Correct. Easy.

So just one more. Okay. How about this one? This one wealth element good or not? Only got one, right? Here are number four.

So let's do a one that have... I'm going to find the one that good rating for you. Ah, this one, I guess. Okay.

So now same formula. This one, this one, this one, and this one. So we got number one here is good.

Number three, no, not wealth star. Number two is good. So number in the North also good.

So two, nine, one. So let's say this is your house, like just now Jamie, right? You say, I got this. Then how do I optimize this? You know, this three area is good for you.

Agree? All right. So which means the thing here is you can position or work on one of those area. Jamie or any one of you here.

Now let's say discover this is your chart. Just imagine, let's say this is a house. You know that these are the right wealth star land in the right palace, right? So can you choose this Southwest? Of course.

What you say? Okay. Southwest is occupied by my mother-in-law. She refused to move.

Nevermind. Okay. Go to the North also can, right? Also go to the East.

But if you have a choice, let's say there are three options for you. A, B, C. Which one are you going to choose? North? Yeah. B, right? Why? Why? Why you choose B? Because number nine, number nine is the fastest, correct? All of you are so smart.

Remember I told you number nine is the fastest before period nine, right? But let's say number nine not available. Let's say it's a toilet. Which then it gives you only A and C. Which one? Yeah.

C. Take someone out from the room. Tell them it's a five yellow room. Get them out.

Okay. Can do this. You get the C one, right? Because if you get the two is the slowest.

Cannot. And you get fat some more, right? Number two is an earth star, right? Better not. Then choose number one.

Equally good. So Southwest is where you put your desk. Work there.

Do your reading. Negotiate. Or doing an interview.

Everything you can do there. Zoran say what if it's a kitchen? Can work and cook at the same time. Depends on the size of the kitchen.

It's very big. Then probably you can do something on it. Otherwise you have no choice.

You use the other one. Okay, cool. So this is how to do it.

And one thing here is like this. If let's say we know this area is good, right? Because North sector and nine here. What if you see a door here? Is it good? Yes.

Which means it's already activated. Automatically. It's already.

You already have. I would say 24-7 subscription already. You don't need to put a desk right in front of your door.

No need. Okay. So which means the whole style already activated by the wealth star.

It's not a choice. Even you refuse it, it will still come in. Okay.

All right. Good. So and the thing is like this.

Let's say this is a main door reactivated. And you discover this one also good, right? Remember just now number one also good. Either you move here or you if there's a window around this area, you open it.

It will also allow the energy to come in. Okay. So door or window.

This is called automatic trigger. If it's not, you need to do it manually. You move there and stay there and look there.

Then you get all the energy. Because you are there, right? You get it first. If you just have a window energy coming in, but you need to share with all the residents.

What if there's a window there? You open it and you also inside that room. You get everything. Yeah.

Window is important because once you open the window, allow you to access the environment. Okay. Cool.

So this is how you do this. Okay. Some of you say, what if there's none of the web sector has a good numbers? Then you have no choice.

You just follow where the nine is. Now, you know, even the nine is in the wrong sector, but you don't have a choice, right? So you just use it. So, you know, that next time when you buy a new house, you better make sure you comply to it.

That's it. Yeah. For example, like, let me show you one example.

Okay. This house here. You want to set up Feng Shui here.

We do the same thing, right? We circle all this. Let's say your favorite is number nine. Where's number nine? Northeast.

Is it part of the wealth palace? No. Then what you need to do? If you still do it, you still assess it. Just the nine is not that powerful.

Underutilized. Sometime working, sometime not. Better than nothing, right? So which means the number nine become emo.

You know what is emo means? They become emotional. Sometime the number nine no mood, they don't, they don't, they don't work. They might take sabbatical leave.

But when their mood is good, they will help you a lot. But better than nothing, right? Yeah. So we call this emo number nine.

But what if it's land into the wealth palace? Yeah. That is the dedicated star that availability is 24 seven. Okay.

Understand. Okay. So yeah.

So this is how you actually look into this. Tan Ivy asks, how about office building? Is it apply the same? Yes. Yeah.

If you know this information, if you have the power to change the location where your desk is now, you become good. Yeah. Tan Ivy.

Then, but if you are, it's like that, right? It's like the Feng Shui, right? Be like, if your company's success are based on your leader, you normally put the leader in a good position. Now you know how to do this. Okay.

I understand. So just now we talk about nine, one, two, right? So nine is the fastest and then followed by one and two. What is this? Number five, number four, doing that.

Number 12. Number four, basically is about ideas or creation. So if you look at this chart here, although number nine is not in the right location, do you see number four here in the east? Do you see that? Yes.

So you might think, right? What does that mean? This one about creative, create products or business or idea to make money. Then you still can put a table here. Use this one.

Number four. Okay. All right.

Cool. So you might think, okay, number four, why number four is part of this equation? Because number four star is untimely. If you learn, if you learn flying star, the classic one, why number four is powerful in period nine? Because number four can form four nine is a her two combination.

Okay. It's a her two. If you don't know now, you know, it's a her two.

Okay. And also one thing here, the four, when you see number one, one four combination is powerful. Yeah.

This is, uh, this is, uh, if you learn Feng Shui, purple, white, purple, white, we also like one four. So do you see number four is good. Number four is not the most powerful star in period nine because nine is, because it's form a her two with number nine, it become like the sister of the king or the close relative of the king or queen.

Is it powerful or not? Yeah. So nine, when you, uh, number four is like close relative of the king or queen. So they're themselves, they are not powerful.

So what this person do, since they are not powerful, they like to give idea, right? Need to be, remain relevant, right? This person will give a lot of idea to number nine, which is what to say, what to take, how to strategize. This is the one. So in this case here, if there's your house, I will ask them what they're doing.

If their work got to do with a lot of content creation, you know, ideas, how to solve problem. Basically there are strategies. I'll ask them to use number four here instead, rather than this email number nine.

Okay. I hope that answer Jamie question just now, how to optimize this and the rest of you, you don't have this insight. If you don't have it, then you use the emo star.

The emo star can come either number nine or one, right? As when they are not in their wealth location, they become emo, right? Because they don't feel like themselves. They are out of the tribe. Okay, guys, do you understand that is the concept? Okay.

So now you know how to arrange it for wealth perspective. So you can be there. You, you, you do this.

Then is it, you might think, I thought you need to calculate everything. I don't care. You have my own house.

I only focus on important area. Is my wealth star in there. Everything is fixed.

You enjoy life. Because Feng Shui are not designed to restrict your life until you do the important thing. The rest, you can do whatever you want.

Do you guys agree? Like every day at 24 hours, right? As long you set out the important things and you complete it, what you're going to do with the rest of the hours is up to you. You answer to no one. You do whatever you like, because it's your life.

That's how you get more freedom using Feng Shui rather than become restricted. All right. So someone at least ask why is, is the wealth sector? Because this concept come from direct and indirect spirit.

Okay, cool. So now can I share with you one, uh, also very powerful millionaire setup or not? Do you want to learn? Okay. So now think about this in period nine, the way, the way we make money actually coming from, are you going to make fast money? If you do it yourself, it's very slow.

Remember yesterday, we talk about collaboration. When we look at the annual chart of 2026, which also the director's script of whole period nine, still remember the rock wealth element? Instead of competing, you collaborating with them. So therefore, in order to collaborate, you think anyone would like to collaborate with you? Maybe not, right? They'll ask, what can you offer? So therefore you need to have noblemen.

You want to attract more right people into your life so you can make money faster. They give you opportunities to do something. Okay.

Like for me, when I started, you know, I don't know, and I don't know a lot of people and Dr. Joey, Dr. Joey Yap, give me opportunity. He tell me, I have got a platform for you. You go there and speak.

Okay. Learning yourself over there. So he is my nobleman.

He's helping me. All right. Now you're a programmer.

You know, you don't know how to speak. I might go on stage. You are, you're, you're so scared about so many things.

Your palms are sweaty. There's no way, no motivation thing can go for you. You need to jump into the water and then get used to it.

So don't you think he's my nobleman? He helped me, give me the platform. So, and I also set up my house to activate my nobleman star in the house. Otherwise you think about this, right? How can I move forward? If I do it alone, it take very long time.

When, you know, yeah. So in period nine, if you plan to do it alone, you don't want to tap into other people, help other people platform. You're going to losing out.

So in order to do that in period nine, you want fast feng shui, you nobleman feng shui technique becomes super important. And I'm going to show you now. Yeah.

This is the one. Okay. Nobleman feng shui technique.

Are you guys ready? Ready for this? This is another technique. All right. Move things fast.

So in order to do this, it's like this. First of all, I'm going to send you this chart first. Order submitted.

So you don't feel formal. Order submitted. Okay.

Now you got this. I think the team already sent to you. Okay.

Very good. So this one is very simple. You look at which one is your day master.

So let's say, yeah, let's say I use my, my day master. I'm a yang fire. How many of you here are yang fire? Yang fire.

Okay. All right. Good.

So your nobleman is pig and rooster. Therefore it located in the northwest tree of your house and west too. Only if you're yang fire or ting fire.

Now I know my, my, my one is in either pig or rooster location. Therefore now I go to, I go to the next. I go to application now.

Sample plan. Sample for plan. I overlay 24 mountain to it.

Like this. After you take a direction, you overlay something into this. Okay, guys, can you send a 24 mountain to them? Under the telegram folder.

One say 24 mountains chart. Try to open it first to confirm. It looks something like this.

Then you send, send it over to the telegram channel now. You overlay it. So let's say now you're helping Iverson.

This is, let's say, this is my house. Just now you discovered that as a ping fire person, the nobleman are two, right? One is pig and then one is rooster. So do you see this is a pig location? Yes.

Okay. All right. So let me clear this.

This area is a pig and it also stated Northwest three. So this is the nobleman sector. So where is my nobleman sector is Northwest three.

So it's under Northwest. Okay, guys. Okay.

Now you're helping Iverson to set up his house. You know, the nobleman is there. The quickest way to do this is in my actual, this is not my real house plan.

My actual house in the Northwest three sector. I actually have a sliding door, which I open all the time. Okay.

Yeah. Because Ralph is not just about working hard, you know, he's meeting the right people to help you. That's the fastest way.

Okay. Yeah. But let's say you're greedy.

Just now I heard that you have two noblemen, right? So another one is here. Rooster, remember? Yeah, that's rooster. So I can set up something here.

So the quickest way I, you have a window there, you open it. Because at the time I designed my house, I purposely make it that way. I make sure that the open area is there.

So I need not to think about it. I need not to activate it. I just open it, it's already activated.

Or even if it's your main door is also activated. Okay. So some of you ask what, how many of you don't have, you know, your nobleman sector, but you don't have any window.

Okay. If you don't have any window, then let's say in this chart here, there are no window here. Okay.

There are no window here. So it's just an area. So second option here is you move in that area to work.

You position you in that area to work. Can or not? To attract noblemen. Maybe it's not your wealth sector is fine.

Because it's a totally different technique. Don't try to combine. Just start talking about wealth.

This one is noblemen. Yeah, people. All right.

So activation is you move in that second technique. All right. So now some of you ask about what if, what if is a toilet then how? Then there are two area, right? For me, this is one area.

Then you try option number two. Yeah. Then you think, okay, I was on what if this two area also toilet, toilet number one and toilet number two, then how? Means that no, no solution for you already.

Okay. So consider a series of very bad house. Just joking.

Okay. If let's say this two area, you also cannot use. Okay.

So it's like this. Can I teach you something slightly advanced? Just a little bit on it. Yeah.

Just like 8.76%. Okay. All right. Cool.

So this one got to do with timing. Okay. Take a deep breath first.

Okay. Order submitted. Order submitted.

Stop failed. Order submitted. Order submitted.

Stop failed. Stop failed. Order submitted.

Order failed.