What is opposite of that? Okay, it changed, right? It made money. So therefore, for this, disruptor is like, you know, like you ground digging, destroy something or allow you to breathe because now you are stuck. So the disruptor here is like digging the earth.

So the life door, the life force will come out. So you are breather. So you don't feel so overwhelmed.

Okay, so then if you need this, or maybe in the future or your friend need this, then you need this element. So some of you say 4th of November. Very good.

Let's look at 4th of November, everyone. So see whether you got this or not. Thank you.

Thank you, Aspen. So let's check whether 4th of November have this formation or not. So fast.

Okay, look at 4th of November. So do you see the northwest sector? You're right, Aspen. So, so many now more coming up.

Okay, good. So let's use one example here. 4th of November.

So let me, okay, do you see it here? You got earth, you got disruptor, you got life door. Confirm. So when you see this, you got what? Depth release frequency.

So since it's northwest, back to northwest on that day, 4th of November, and then ask for something you want at that day. So basically is to overcome your depth. Okay, cool.

Why they have depth or not? Do you want to know why they have depth? Why is number 2 star, number 2 is related to depth? Because remember just now number 2 star is grid, right? Yeah, they want more. That's why they buy a lot of stuff. Now they're in trouble.

That's the meaning. Okay, now, guys, can you send star number 2 to them now? Why suddenly there are so many? You only send one time, okay? I think they get too excited already. I don't know what happening.

Okay, okay. Now you get the star 2 already, good. So now star 3. Okay, this one star 3 is much better than star 2 problems because you're feeling stuck at the current income level.

It does not mean you're being troubled by depth, but you are now you feel like, okay, I've been earning this same amount for the last few years. You want to ask for promotion increment, the boss somehow turn away. So how many of you have this thing? You feel like you have no growth because number star number 3 is about growth.

They want recognition, remember? Yeah, this star. Okay, if you feel like this, then you need this. A breakthrough, true prosperity.

Okay, this one is very, it's not that hard. You need light door about money. Okay, and then the deity, the top, you can have chief or heaven.

Because these two star is a star about asking for good stuff, positive stuff. There is a rich fulfilling star, either chief or heaven. And what you're asking? Light door, right? You want more money, right? But this one come with one thing.

It needs to be in the Southwest. That's the thing here. All right, now this one, it become a bit not so easy, right? When we add this into the equation.

Okay, so now let's look at December 19. Can you look at December 19? Okay, all right, December 19. Is it the one you have this? Or I don't know which one.

Let someone say December 19. No, okay, 17. Okay, guys, look at December 17.

Do you see this in the Southwest? Okay, let me share with you. Okay, December 17, Southwest. Because the criteria has to be in Southwest, right? So do you see a chief? Does it comply? And you need a light door.

And what is the third criteria? Southwest. Three things can happen. Do you able to find it or type the word yes, if you're able to find this.

Okay, all right, there are more. Yeah, I just give you one example, guys. All right, there are more, probably there are two or three.

But I want you to know this is the one. So now, some of you just now ask why Southwest? Anyone know why is only Southwest? Do you know why is Southwest not the other box? Do you want an explanation for this? Okay, all right, now I'm telling you, okay. So it's like this, because now you're talking about you're hitting a plateau, right? You cannot rise to the next level.

So what needs to happen? In Qimen, a new beginning, a new chapter, a new things, it come with the death door. Death door is a new beginning. But people don't like death door.

Yeah, death door means that the whole process of change, right, it could be painful, right? How many of you here want to use death door as manifestation? No one, right? Because they're afraid, no matter what you tell them, they will avoid it. I'm telling you 95%, they just say like that. But when I ask you to manifest on death door with a lot of black colors, now you know, okay? So it's easy, right? But when you're there, they'll ask, I will say, are you sure or not? Got death and emptiness, all black colors there.

Koken matters some more. People are afraid. So the way, okay, Lim Yong San asked why the heaven is not required.

It's not that it's not required. It's because you either use heaven or chief, okay? So since you have, why is like this? Because the original death door is in Southwest, okay? Original. So now you apply a life door away, you get the new beginning, but the process becomes smoother.

Not a lot of pain. You remember pain, it's just like that. Someone asks you to break off with your boyfriend or girlfriend and start a new one.

Not so easy if you're deeply in love, right? So instead of using death door, it might be painful to a lot of people. We just use as the original location, that death door. Then we add the light door there, make it pleasant and come with a chief.

Then now this one become a pleasant experience. Do you guys understand? Type the word, yes, if I understand. Okay, if you don't understand, it's fine because you don't need that information to apply it.

All you need to remember how to find the criteria. Then on those days, you're back to Southwest to do it. Is this strategy interesting? Now you see another possibility of using Chima, right? This is how you use death door properly.

Okay, cool. So how many more? Have I run through all the stars yet? Okay, not yet. Okay, guys, you see the star number three in your telegram right now.

Send it to them. Okay, cool. Now let me show you number four now.

Number four is missing opportunities or bad timing. Okay, so because number stars is the middle point, so it seems like they've gained, I would say consciousness. So they haven't actually noticed what is good, what is bad yet.

That's number four in the middle. You just imagine they're just awakened. So if you feel like you're missing opportunities or you're always in a bad timing, whenever you go interview, there's always someone that get your job.

Or sometimes when you're about to get promoted, then you did something wrong and then you give chance to others to get promoted instead. Okay, or sometimes you say, oh, I should invest in this five years ago, but I didn't. How many of you actually experienced this before? Someone asked you to invest on something and say, I read for a while and then you totally forgot about it.

But after five years, you see the price skyrocketed and then now you regret. Okay, so which mean this one is, if you attend yesterday about heaven sync, this one is something related to that. You're out of sync with the heaven rhythm.

Okay, so if you want this, then you can look at this. Rewind timing activation. We call this, okay, this one is easy and all.

Yeah, easy. You just look for heart and open door. Because this, when you have this, because heart is a Qian Gua, open door also a Qian Gua.

When they come together, they become heaven hexagram. If you learn Yijing, so it's associated with heaven timing. There you go.

All right, so if you look back at, I would say this one is not hard to get at this one. You look at 19 December. Any day you can get this, a lot of time.

You look at 19 December, there'll be a good one. Do you see it, 19 December? Okay, you see here, heart, open door. Okay, this one, although this the only criteria we need, but do you see this Envoy here? Envoy make it even better.

Although it's not part of the criteria, but you have it extra for you. Envoy basically means 10X the door. And some of you got chief, right? Chief is a powerful star because it's the leader star.

So, but actually what you need is this and open door only. That's it, yeah, but if you are expert in achievement, you can further choose. This is very common.

This date, you can easily find this. So you try to add on with other stuff inside. But in order to use, you just need these two element.

Okay, then ask for better timing. And now the star number four will appear in your telegram. Okay, star number five.

Remember star number five related to growth about other people. So if you have problem, you're always attracting the wrong clients, jobs or partner. How many of you have this problem? Not everyone here though.

So you're always wondering why I keep attracting wrong people in my life. Then you need star, this star number five. Okay, I see there are few of you, Sonia, Selena, Mona.

Okay, so now if that is your problem, then you need this manifestation. What kind of manifestation is this? There you go. Magnet of aligned wealth.

All right, you need to align. You attract wealth, basically right people into your life. Because now you know, if you learn achievement, harmony represent working together.

Assistant means beneficial. This is a great star. Assistant also represent creativity.

So you form synergy. Because assistant is a wood element. It's a growth star.

They come with harmony means we grow together. So if you're able to detect this in the achievement chart, then you'll be good for you. So guys, have you found any? Yeah, let me know if you found any.

Okay, I think 7th Gen, you have one. So you look at 7th Gen first. Okay, let me bring out.

You're able to notice 7th Gen? Okay, let me look it quickly for you. Okay, now I loaded 7th Gen. So do you see this element there? Southwest, do you see it? Okay, good.

Ask for what? Attracting the right people, right jobs or right partner. That is the one. Okay, now you get it in your Telegram channel.

So we'll ask, oh, they got the depth and emptiness. You still can use. Depth and emptiness means that you might not get the full power.

It's a year-end sales, maybe 50% sales. So you got 50% better than nothing. Okay, Qin Chongwei, you still can use DE.

All right, next one. How many of you here actually, this is star number six. Because intuition level, they think too much.

They attract darkness sometimes. So how many of you have this problem? Intense problem. This one is normal if your feeling is not intense.

But some people, they're so fearful of losing money. In the end, they do nothing. They cannot sleep at night.

They have that intense fear of losing money or making financial mistake. Therefore, they don't do anything just to be safe. But you know that one will not be the long-term strategy.

You need courage because you think about this. People that actually make more money than you does not mean they are more intelligent than you. But they have courage to start something, right? So therefore, if that is the thing you want to overcome, star six problem, you need the courage of wealth.

Okay, in this case here, for the top right, you need either chief or heaven. Either one because there's only one spot here. Either chief or nine heaven.

And then you need a grass. And then you need a humdor. Yeah, grass.

The humdor represent courage to attack, to pursue. But if someone is not smart, doesn't have courage, it will lead to very dangerous, right? It can die anytime. So therefore, you need wisdom.

So the grass gives you the wisdom, the intellect. And with courage, then only you become powerful. Courage alone is dangerous.

Agree or not? You just charge forward. Yeah, you might not know whether it's something worth pursuing or not. But with the grass, they know.

They are smart. Okay, so now if you look at the chart again, the day chart. Which one? Look at November, 12th of November.

This one later, or you can check yourself. But I just give you a shortcut here first. Look at 12th of November.

Do you see something? Where is the humdor? You look at this. No, not set. Hold on, let me check.

Okay, 8th of November. Do you find the humdor? Where's the humdor? South palace. Do you see it? South palace.

You got heaven or chief. Either one will do. You have grass.

And then you have humdor. Then back to the south on 8th of November. And then ask for more courage.

And then now this one will be in your telegram right now. And finally, star number seven. Okay, all right.

So this star is more evolved level. This is a problem that by a lot of rich people. Yeah, they make money.

But they got one problem. Never feel of having enough despite earning more. It's a feeling.

They always think that there are more to come. Although they make a lot of money. How many of you here have this problem? It's a good problem, right? At least you got money.

You just need to fix your feeling. So okay, EK Fong say yes. Okay, all right.

So if that is you, then you need this. A seal of lasting prosperity. You have to know that you'll be all right in long term.

It's a feeling. Okay, you don't have to worry. So now if you look at here.

You have this ambassador. Of course, it's money. Ambassador is a steady wealth.

Because you need to feel that everything is sealed, right? Nothing changed. So now the heaven represent long term. Nourishment, you know, you'll be all right.

It's a legacy. And then rest door represent what? Relax. Calm down.

You also represent family. So rest door with my heaven represent legacy wealth. Something long lasting.

Generational wealth. There you go. Okay, so if this is the one problem you have.

Then it's a good problem. Everyone also want this problem. You look for November 12th.

Scroll back your chart to the PDF file that look for November 12th. Okay, let me show you the November 12th chart. All right.

Do you see it here? And the south as well. You got heaven. Important.

You got ambassador star. You got rest door. These are the one.

Okay, so back. If that is a problem back to the south, do this. And now you see here, this is called envoy.

Do we like the envoy? Do we like it? What is the purpose of envoy? 10x. So 10x what? The rest door. What is the rest door mean just now? Relax.

Chill. Good. So it gives you the feeling of, you know, you know, you just, you feel you're not enough now.

You feel contented. You're okay. All right.

So now the team here will send you star number seven. This is how we use Shiman to deal with this, relate and connect to the financial issue that a lot of people are facing. Okay.

So now do you like this? Do you like this way of using seven stars? All right. Good. So which one is your problem right now? Type in, type in the chat box right now.

Okay. You need not to follow one to seven. You know, sometimes you feel that sometimes you feel that you need not to.

Okay. Some of you say all. Very good.

Now we'll find a way. So you can, you could be at one, you can be at two. You need to follow the order because some of you, you already have number one.

You already mastered that part because number one is survival, right? So if you right now you're okay, which means you already collected number one. So it's like mission. Do you play a game? You need to collect all the seven stars.

Imagine this. So anything that is not your problem, you already collected. You just need to collect the thing you're missing.

Your goal here is to collect all seven. Then you become unstoppable. Do you get what I mean? Anything is not your problem means you already have it.

Okay. All right. So you manifest this.

So now. Okay. All right.

So you manifest this. So now how many of you here have this? Number one is your problem. Type in me again.

Okay. All right. So number one is about what? The problem of, you know, there are no consistent income.

So if you are that group of people, all right, so let me help you out more here. I'm going to give you the mantra on what to say on that specific date. You just need to read this out.

It covered all the essence of star number one. Instead of you need to figuring out what to say. Okay.

Number one. There you go. You get all this.

Okay, guys, can you send star one manifestation mantra to them? This is finding this right. Powerful. Find the right achievement chart.

You back to it. Okay. Any question you can ask me now.

Okay. Irene Lim asks, can open eyes and read it while doing manifestation? Yes. Or if you still want to close your eyes, you can open one eyes and one cut.

One eye is closed, but it will look weird. If that made you happy. Okay.

But in the end, it's nothing to do with your eye. All right. Okay.

In the end, it's just. Right. Don't you think it's weird, right? You do like that.

I'm afraid that. Okay. People think you're crazy.

Okay. So now, basically, it's just read it out the mantra. That's it.

Violator asks, is it better to wait in a well palace? No, it doesn't do anything. It'll just read the right time. Just back to it.

You'll get the thing. All right. Some of you ask, is it the hour chart work? If you can select the hour chart, also can.

No problem. Okay. No problem.

We can use the day chart or hour chart. Okay. Good.

Good. Good. Okay.

Why the others don't have? Oh, yeah. You want the rest of the mantra or not? Some of you asking why number one only. You want the rest of the mantra? Okay.

I'm not that bad one, right? I should prepare everything for you already. Since you ask, then I decided to share with you now. Okay.

Can you send them star number two until star number seven? Just in case your family member need it. Now you get something to pass to them. Okay.

It's coming. It's coming. Yeah.

Lanzing did. Be patient. Okay.

It's coming. All right. So now it's easy.

You don't even need to think. Okay. Just open your eyes.

And read the mantra. Okay. Have you? Is it complete now? Let's see.

One, two, three, four, five. Okay. Two more.

Two more come. Then you're complete. So now when you do all these five, you have all you have this seven star path energy with you.

Okay. Okay. Ricky say asking for a friend.

Thank you. Yeah. You can share with your friend.

And I can help more people that way. Okay. Brian Benson say, is the hour stronger than the day? No, no difference.

Okay. The most important is how bad you want it. Your intention.

Okay. Good. Good.

Nice. All right. So this is the seven star pathway of manifesting.

Okay. So now some of you here, I, I being told that you are actually not able to attend yesterday. Right.

So I want to just give you some heat up yesterday. I don't want to miss this. Yesterday.

We actually talk about one interesting thing because there's a new program I'm doing. I haven't launched yet. This is called the heaven code.

If you attended yesterday, you know about this. If you haven't, this is the, the new program is about date selection. If you're interested in this election for period nine success, alignment, and prosperity.

Yeah. These are the two this is a four and five of April is a time. This cost will be conducted.

Okay. Why is it so important? Because most of us here, we are out of sync. So the whole purpose of this program is to get you in sync with the heaven rhythm.

Means doing things at the right time at the right day as well. So now we're going to fix the heaven rhythm part. And how do we do this? Yeah.

In this program here, we divided into three area, man realm, earth realm, and heaven realm. So if you look at the man realm, this is like what normal people do. Date selection for marriage, for marriage, to make important decision, to attend interview, negotiation.

And that second level also important because focusing on you. When is the right time to manifest? Cultivation, virtual cultivation, inner peace, grounding. You need the right dates to do that.

And then finally, we also look at the higher level. When you master the man realm and earth realm, you go to the next level is a heaven realm. Yeah.

So this is where we're talking about synchronicity, divine intervention. And some of you are powerful. You can even tap to miracle frequency as well.

So things just happen for you. Okay. So this, and all these three levels here are aligned to period nine frequency.

So this is the first time I'm doing this and I won't repeat this program again. If you think this is something you want, there you go. Now, I think all of you here also know that we have a VIP bonus for this, right? So the well prophecy for 226.

This is the one I do it every year. Right. And then we see great result for this.

So if you join us today, you're going to get this bonus. And one more is this feng shui activation. So we call this feng shui circuit breaker.

So where you talk about feng shui activation blueprint for period nine. And yesterday I know some of you not able to join us because the payment system at that time are not working very well. So you might think you're not part of the turkey.

So we talked to the team. So we able to accept it because that time is not your fault. So if you're thinking, we're not a part of 30, you are.

So therefore you want to be, or to get these two bonus, this is the time to do this. And let me summarize everything for you for here. In total is 2291.

If you decided to join us today, you get the heaven code, the core program, well prophecy as bonus and feng shui activation as a bonus. In total is 2291. But today is 597.

I also told everyone, if you think this is right for you, one time only, instead of 597, you're going to only need to pay 497, but that is a limited time for this. All right. It's going to actually increase once the allocation slot is there.

So if you want this, this is the best time to get this. So the offer will expire in 24 hours because I haven't launched this yet. This is a private launch.

After that, we'll close this again. One more round for Telegram channel subscriber. Okay.

So now take a look at this. This is the link. Yeah.

You talk to the team. I think you saw the message right now. Carrie is there.

So you just click the link and secure the bonuses. And with the price 497. Just like last time, because we announced to you first, remember the bond for wealth? We start with 497, but the time after, no long after that, it increased to 597 again.

Okay. So if you really want this, this is the best time to get this. Okay.

All right. So now main bonus, two of it, and then the core program, the heaven code. It's about date selection because no matter what is the thing to do, without the right date and time, you don't get the result that you wanted.

Okay. How many of you are already joining me? I saw Sophia say you already enrolled. Wow.

Okay. Congratulations. And the thing here is, we're going to start with the bonus first.

Wealth Prophecy. Because that was for 226. So we're going to set one date in January next year before you attend the heaven code on April.

Okay. A lot. Some of you say just join.

Congratulations. Saren team. So Catherine said, will there be a registration for us European? Yes, you can join us because this is online.

All right. You can learn from anywhere as long as you have internet connection. So you can do that.

All right. Good. So we're going to stop for 15 minutes break.

And then when we come back, we go on to chapter number six, which we talk about investment. Okay. I'll see all of you here in 15 minutes time.

Okay. Welcome back. Okay, everyone.

Okay. So just now while during the break, I saw some of your question. I think one of it is Susan Ong actually asking, do we actually need to follow from style one until seven in the sequence? The answer is no.

You ignore the sequence. You only use the one that you need. Okay.

So this is the one way, actually, you can actually collecting all the seven stars. The one that you don't need, it means that you already have it. Because this seven star is energy point.

So you only just need to fix the rest of it. Some of you probably already have six out of seven. How many of you here, you already have half of it done? Type that with me.

Or at least half of it. Among all the seven. Wow.

So many of you. Okay. Good.

Nice. Yeah. So if you have all the seven, basically, you need not to join the Born for Wealth class.

Okay. But now it's too late. You already joined.

So now. Okay. Christina asked, do you need to repeat several times? One time is enough.

Okay. The rest, you need to take action. One time is enough.

After food, remember three times. If you want to. The day after food.

The best one. Just joking. All right.

Just one time. Now. Okay.

Ricky asked, when we do manifestation for seven star, is it facing or backing? Backing the direction. Okay. Ricky is about backing.

Okay. Joseph asked, relationship among divination, manifestation and forecasting. Okay.

I don't know. Is it a question or a statement? I don't understand your question, Joseph Paul. Maybe you can rephrase and ask me again.

Okay. Angelica said, the hour to manifest is not important right now. You need not to.

I know some of you like to use hour chart. Some of you, you want to use day is fine. Is most I'm telling you, is nothing to do with the technical part.

Is that person intention? How bad you want it? That is the one make the difference. Because now you're connecting, right? So how far your energy can project out to initiate or invoke the response from the universe. That one require a strong intention.

Just like everyone tell me they want to be a millionaire. Yeah. I was, yes.

I say, why not? Of course, right. That is a dumb question. Of course, everyone want to make a big, make their first million.

But the true effect is they don't want it. They just only want it when it's convenient. If you ask them to do so many things to become rich, they'll say, Oh my God, I thought it's just a push a push a push a button, but it's not right.

Then they give up. Basically, they only want something when it's handed to them. Okay.

That burning desire is important in manifestation. When you have a desire, which is energy and you merge with the time energy, then manifestation become real. So some of you here, you ask about something like you want to become rich.

I mean, from level zero to 10, how intense that feeling is. Most of the people, they're only four or five. So when you're level nine or 10, you will make it happen by hook or by crook.

You do whatever it takes. That is the level you need to achieve. You want something so bad.

When people ask about timeline, like, when do you think I will achieve this? The intensity is not strong. If your intensity is strong, your drive is strong, you don't even concern. You will make it until it works.

For example, like for ladies, right? When you have a baby and then you train them to walk. So if your baby still cannot walk, if someone come over and ask you, how long you want to train your children or your baby to walk until you give up? If you are the mother, what would you say? You say, are you crazy? I'll train my baby until he walks. That is drive.

No timeline. Because inside, you know, I'll make it happen. When you reach to that point, then manifestation become very easy to manifest.

Joseph Paul asked a question. Okay. Thanks for rephrase your question.

Now I understand your question now. So is it divination same as manifestation? No. Divination is you get an answer or you get advice or counsel from the universe.

Manifestation is you want certain outcome. You ask for results. One, you need advice.

The manifestation normally is you want something. You want to achieve something. Basically, you cut the process.

For example, like you manifest, like you, if you fall in love with someone, right? And you manifest for that person to have the same feeling, mutual feeling, you use manifest. If divination, you just can ask, will this person love me or not? Yes or no. Manifestation is like, I don't care whether this person loves me or not.

Now, I'm going to make this person love me eventually. Then you use manifestation. Okay.

All right, Joseph. I hope my answer helps to clear up your mind on this. All right.

Cool. So now, and Karen Conrad asked, if our energy is the most important, how much boost it gives us in management manifestation? A lot. Because most of the time, people just manifest for the sake of manifesting.

It's like, you know, they try their luck. No. Well, if you want to improve the art of success, the thing you want has to, you must consume your mind 24 seven.

Yeah. You eat, sleep, thinking about that. Yeah.

Like last time. Yeah. How, how someone say, I was like, how do you actually, learn bazaar or feng shui or whatever? I always eat, breathe, bazaar, feng shui.

That obsession. Yeah. That level you have.

Then when you manifest, you use feng shui, then it really works wonders. Okay. That's the whole concept of it.

So Hilda asked, has to be the level star zero or just the deity and the door? No, we didn't talk about level star zero. Okay. We just talk about you utilizing one to seven star.

Okay. Ramzi asked, what do you, why do you think does not everybody want deeply enough? Some, I will not say everyone, but a lot of people don't. Why? Because they always tell me, I wasn't, I want this one, this, I want that.

Then I tell them, this is what you should do. And then there are so many things that say it's so hard. Like they say, must be chill.

All right. I need to, I am young. I need to enjoy life.

So I can see that they don't really want it. They just want the outcome, but they don't like the process. I think if you watch Elon Musk interview, one of the things he said, like running a business, people think it's fun, right? But, but in reality, they are like eating glass every day.

So if they know who I am, they don't want to be me. That's what exactly he said. Imagine is a, is a very beautiful metaphor, right? Eating glass every day.

How many people can take it? People just love the result of Elon Musk becoming wealthy. But every day, all the process, people don't want to go through. So that is what I say.

They don't have that intensity to do it. They give up when things get tough. All right.

Some people will ask me, right? If I do this, what is the chances? 50, 50, or they say only 50, 50. Then I will not do. If you are, if you are serious about it, even 10% chance, you will fight for it.

For example, you think about this, right? You want to save someone you love. Even the chance of survival is 10%. Would you say I give up? Because only 10% success? No, even 1% you also try.

Agree or not? If someone important to you. So now that is not someone. Now is a goal.

Is that goal is important to you? You willing to protect it at all costs. Okay. That I mentioned intensity.

So now in this topic here, in chapter number six, we're going to talk about investment. This one will be the last topic of today. And there's a reason I put in the last because investment is irrelevant if you don't do something from chapter one to chapter five.

Okay. So therefore, once right now, you know what to do already. So in the end, you're going to make money and you need to decide what you're going to do with it.

So let me show you where we are now. Okay. By the way, some of you asking a QR code.

Just now, there you go. You just scan on this. You can get to the telegram.

Okay. All right. So now this is the thing here.

The map, the roadmap from chapter one to chapter five. Now, finally, we go into chapter six, which is your ultimate blueprint for investment. Okay.

There you go. This is the one. And when we talk about investment, it's important to know one thing.

In the end, the outcome is still the same. You know, we want to make money, right? No one wants to join or get into investment to lose money. Therefore, I know there's a saying, everyone wants happiness.

You can get happiness by doing what? You study happiness. Anything you want, you can study it. So you want more freedom? You study how freedom works.

You want more love? You study love. So if you want more money, of course, you will study money, right? So in metaphysics, when you say money is wealth elements. And let me show you the slide here.

If you want to make more money, you want to increase wealth. That's the only reason why you're here today and yesterday, right? So you need to have a deep understanding about how money works. So I think by now, you already know, there are two wealth elements for any person.

Regardless whether you have it in your chart is irrelevant right now. I don't want you to look at your chart to see whether I got DWIW. That one is kindergarten.

Because parts doesn't work that way. I know a lot of people think, all right, if I don't have mean, I'm poor. If I have, I'm rich.

No, a lot of people have a lot of wealth element. They are still poor. Some people missing wealth element.

They are crazily wealthy. So I don't want to think what is like, what you are, what you see is what you get. It's not that superficial.

For example, resource element in parts represent that person's mother. If someone don't have resource, doesn't mean this person don't have mother. It comes from the rock, is it? All right.

So now you say, of course, everyone got mother, right? Yeah. So, but how come you see wealth differently? If there are no absence, if essence of wealth, then you can tell this person are broke. It doesn't make sense.

Agree or not? All right. So therefore like earth element represent the stomach of a person. You talk about health.

If you don't have earth element means you don't have stomach. Come on. Okay.

So I want to see parts is not like what you see, what you get. Yeah. So which means whatever you have in your chart, it means that that is, it shows you the way to get something.

So when you want wealth, I don't care whether your chart got wealth element or not is irrelevant. So, but you need to understand how the wealth work. Once you understand, you master it, you start to see the flow.

So now in any one part, there are these two, there are two stocks. So direct wealth and indirect wealth, regardless whether it's direct or indirect. You, by now, you already know element that you control is your wealth element.

Make sense? Because you need energy to make money. We treat our time with money. At least from the start at first, when we get to it, right? So the concept of anything in control, if you are fire day master, what is your wealth element? You know, your wealth element, when you know fire control, what fire control metal.

Now, you know that, you know, if you're a fire person, then the element is a metal. So if you're a water, then, you know, water control fire. So fire is a wealth element and so on.

Okay. Fire, sea, metal means they are wealth element. So water, sea, fire means that is, they are wealth element.

That part is fine. So now let me add one more information on the equation. When we, now we know fire control metal, metal is wealth, right? To this person.

But fire can be like, yang fire or yin fire. Carry on. Let's say right now you're yang fire.

How many yang fire here? A lot. So what is your wealth element? Metal, right? Okay. Which metal are more powerful? Yin metal or yang metal? Okay.

Or you think it's the same. Now we get to next level. It's not the same already.

So if you are yang fire, you know metal is your element. You need another yang. That one are more powerful.

So which means if you are yang fire, you know metal is your wealth element. The one that same polarity with you will be the most powerful. So if you are yin fire, you know your metal is your wealth element.

So which metal? Yang metal or yin metal? Yin. Because the same polarity with you, you might think it's not balanced, right? How come two yin? Yes. Exactly what I'm saying.

You cannot be balanced to make money. A lot of people say, I want work-life balance. I need time to do this.

All rich people, they don't have balanced life. Do you notice that? They integrate in their life. Whatever they do, they love what they do.

So therefore, I want to know has to be same polarity with you. Therefore, we call indirect wealth. You know, this time got DW and IW, right? Indirect wealth.

In the old days, people don't like that. Because these are the people, they are smart, you know, they find so many ways to make money. So therefore, they don't like it.

They prefer direct wealth. Direct wealth means that you follow the order, you work in a government office, and then you slowly, slowly climb to the top, the corporate ladder. And finally, if good enough, 60 years old, you retire with pension.

Does that thing still exist right now? No. So remember, indirect wealth is better when you're talking about making more money through investment. Because indirect wealth don't have limit.

That's why that is the term that call indirect wealth is heavenly wealth. Yeah, if you look at Bazaar, you look at all these are the classical term that describe indirect wealth as tin choy. So basically mean wealth from heaven.

Since it's from heaven, heaven represent abundance. There are no limit. So therefore, it represent a lot of money and you can make a lot of money through investment.

So having said that now, now you understand it. Now this is the heavenly wealth. OK, guys, I think you can send this to them.

OK, this is super important, right? You want to grow your money in direct wealth. Now again, I need to mention it does not matter whether you have this in your chart or not. It's irrelevant.

OK, now let's look at this. Apply what we say just now. If you are Yangwood, you know earth is your wealth because this is the element you control.

But do you see if you're Yangwood, the earth also Yang? Do you see the both Yang together? That's why we call this what? Indirect wealth. Let's do another example. If your day master is Yang metal, you know that wood is your wealth, right? But which wood Yin or Yang? Yangwood.

If you are Yin metal, you know that your is your wood element is your wealth. But which one? Yin wood. Why? Because you are Yin, you see another Yin, we call indirect.

Indirect means unconventional. So this one we call indirect wealth element. OK, understand so far.

So in summary, in summary here. Indirect Richard. I just remember this.

We prefer indirect. Have you heard about indirect resource? Also also the word indirect, right? So if you heard about that, also means if you ask me, direct resource is better in terms of money, capacity, always indirect is better. Because they don't constrain by rules.

They are not afraid. Direct, they are too proper. They are too afraid, so they are very safe.

OK, so far. OK, now. Next thing I want to talk to you here.

Now you know this. I need you. I need you to understand this concept.

Let's say let's say right now. You are Yang fire. Now this is your Yang fire.

This is Yang fire. What is your preferred wealth element? You know is metal already. What is your base on the chart? You know is metal.

So but metal. Why is Yang metal? Because me myself is Yang, so I need another Yang metal for my wealth. So therefore the Yang metal is here.

This is my money. So now if you control something, would you be tired in long run? You will be tired or not? Yes, OK, alright. So now how do I make money without getting tired? So we make money work harder for us than we work hard for money.

Make sense or not? This is the term that a lot of people talk about. All financial guru they say make money work harder than you work for money. Agree? So it means that money work harder for you.

So can you imagine? If your money here is another person, can I check the wealth element of my wealth element? Can I? So now I imagine this is the person, although it's a wealth element, can I know my wealth element of my wealth element? OK, I need to think in a little bit. OK, so because you're no longer controlling the wealth, you make the wealth control for you. So you look back at the chart just now, you look for this Yang metal.

What is the wealth element for the wealth element? Is Yang what? Yang wood, right? So therefore, the wealth will work hard for you because Yang wood is the wealth of your wealth element. How many of you understand this? Type the word yes. Yeah, this one.

So if you do this, your wealth will make more money work hard for you, right? So now you're safe. You can enjoy. So now if you know Pazer, what is this element to you? Indirect resource.

OK, it's always indirect resource. So in another way, it's still indirect, by the way, it's not direct resource, it's always indirect. OK, so therefore, in this case here, if you want to grow more money, you need to look into the indirect resource element.

There are great investors. All right, everyone understand so far? All right, now I summarize for you after a long story. Basically, just to get to your point, IR is your investment style.

OK, but now you know the technical part. Yeah, because you need the money to work harder for you, right? So therefore, you need IR there. So if you look at the real world here, OK, let me remind you again, just in case you forget.

This is the one. Indirect resource is the titan of investment. OK, now let me bring up this guy chart, which by the name of Warren Buffett.

Yeah, this one, is he your friend, Warren Buffett? Sounds familiar, right? Maybe he's your neighbor, I don't know. But all I know that is he is a great investor. And now let's trace the IR from his chart.

You see one IR here? OK, so do you see one IR here? You see one IR here? You don't want some more? So is this person a good investor or great or genius? Genius. OK, yeah. So now, of course, all of us here also got this star.

Some of you might have it, right? It does not mean you're the next Warren Buffett, you know? Because when you actually look at this, some of you ask, how do I get his time of birth? I asked him yesterday, I call him. OK, yeah, OK. So and he told me that.

No, I'm just joking. This is from certain websites. Yeah, I search, I do a search through field reference and then discover this.

OK, and this is a lot. A lot of people know about this. OK, his time of birth.

So now that's not the point. Now back here, if you look at his chart here, indirect resource penetrate to the top from the month. This is a very strong direct resource.

So if you plot his Pazer, easy way to look at it is you look at the bottom. If you scroll your Pazer chart at the bottom, you look for indirect resource. Where is this person? Indirect resource is here, right? So what is the power of his indirect resource? OK, 100%.

OK, so which means this person have the talent to do it, but does not mean anyone got this is super rich one, you know, right? Some people don't do anything. They are always afraid. Then what they use have those talent, right? So and therefore, for you to now know, Warren Buffett chart is very good.

OK, so we got this. The thing I like about his chart, if I'm telling you here is this. Remember the indirect resource element is from the month, right? Month is the strongest penetrate to the top.

So which mean is strongly rooted. And also our pillar is investment pillar. I remember this is investment pillar.

And since IR is investment, don't you think we like to put IR in the investment pillar as well? Is it a good one? So the right element at the right location. Do we like that? Yes. Yeah, so which means that you're putting the right element in the right place because the our pillar is the investment pillar.

OK, cool. So if you have this, then you are born with certain competence to do this. So now you might think, OK, if I don't know this, then what happened? Then let's see what we can do with this.

OK, so now we established the fact that your investment pillar is the hour. So let me show you again. There you go.

This is so on. That is your investment pillar. By knowing more of this will give you a proper direction.

What can you do? We did. OK, so now how many of you here you got an IR in your hour pillar? Be it at the top or at the bottom does not matter. All right.

OK, so which means you have the talent and therefore you don't have an excuse why you cannot make it because you have this talent. But of course, you need to learn how to make money first, right? Therefore, chapter number one to number five talking about that. You do that first.

Then you only learn investment. That's where you can exercise on your IR element. OK, so if you don't have it doesn't matter because the hour pillar tells you a lot of information.

You just need one technique to make it work. IR is just telling you you're good with that. That's it.

Let me ask you if you're good in singing. Does it mean that you're going to be the most popular singer in the world? Guys, let me ask you. No, right? So it depends on your strategy.

Depends on your commitment because you're not alone. You know, there are so many people out there. So I want you to know now we have this for you to be to feel happy on it.

All right. To build your confidence. Now, the real thing here, you need to in the real world reality, you need to look at the hour pillar and why hour pillar? Hour pillar old days represent children.

OK, in the old days, they always have this assumption that the children will take care of them when they get older. Right? In the old days, I think like that. So therefore, in the old days, children is an investment.

They afraid that when they get old, no one take care of them, you know, so that children supposed to be take care of them. Does this actually reflect the current reality right now? In the old days, maybe we're talking about filial, hao shun ah. Nowadays, we don't know whether your children is an asset or liability.

Right? Maybe it's liability. So therefore, since the hour represent children, yeah, now you're not sure, right? Could be you're the one feeding them until old one, you know, maybe you reverse the position. So instead in the hour, you rely on your children while you rely on investment.

Same pillar, different angle. So far so good. Do you understand what I'm saying? All right.

Because the hour pillar also since represent investment, also represent our children as well. And nowadays, right? This is what a lot of parents tell me that if their children able to take care of themselves, the parents already very happy. Yeah.

They actually don't expect their children to take care of them anymore. Okay. They afraid they'll get disappointed.

As long the children don't go back to their parents' home and ask for more money is already a blessing. Okay. It's already good.

You already raised a good children. If they can take care of themselves. Okay.

All right. So now once we know that children is maybe asset and liability, we don't know. So better rely on our investment, right? So now I want you to look at your hour pillar and I want you to draw out one information.

This, what is the animal sign of this? Okay. All right. Once you discover it, type in the chat box.

This is the hardest exercise ever. Discover the animal sign in your hour pillar. Take some time.

All right. Okay, cool. So now once you have it, what I'm about to show you here is your investment superpower.

Yeah. You need to know first, right? What is an investment superpower? Okay. This is the one.

Send them this slide, please. Okay. Otherwise they cannot concentrate.

Okay, cool. So now you need to check that animal sign you just discovered from your hour pillar. Is it belongs to the vision category, momentum or legacy? Type in the chat box.

Okay, cool. Now you got it. So now I'm going to explain what it means.

So if you're in the vision category, which is either tiger, snake, monkey or pig. So your superpower come from you able to actually discover potential before the world cash on. All right.

Which means maybe there are certain businesses that no one pay attention to. You see the potential before anyone else. So we call this growth investing.

Okay. So if you have this, that's where you can, easy for you to identify talent, business model before they grow big. It's an advantage, right? When you can easily, because they're cheap when they're starting, you can easily own equities or can easily own a lot of our share.

So therefore, this is your ability. Okay. Sonia asks, is it about the timing? No, we are not talking about timing yet.

We are talking about that person ability. Yeah. Ability means you still need to learn and harness it.

Okay. All right. So how do you unlock? If someone tell you, you have talent in partner, how to unlock it? How to unlock? Let me ask you back.

Yeah. The last thing you go ask this question, go and learn. I don't know what's under discussion already, right? If someone tell you you're good in marketing, right? Then how to unlock it? Go and learn.

Learn and work in a marketing company. Okay, guys. Are you guys okay? Is it too late or something? All right.

Start asking some weird question like this. Okay. So sometimes being consultant also not easy.

Need to... I don't know how. Okay. But now I'm getting better.

Yeah. I'm more patient right now. Can you see? I'm more patient now.

You see my face also know, right? I'm probably is the most patient person you ever meet. Okay. I'm just joking.

Okay. So now, vision represent you're able to locate opportunity before it become big. So if you see a kid like five years old, you already know this person is the next Bill Gates.

Good or not? So now apply this into your investment. So there are one type of investment talking about growth investment. Have you heard about this growth investment? So you're able to spot certain company, even though they are small, but you discover they have got huge potential.

And then either you buy or you invest on those company. That kind of ability. All right.

So now the second one here under momentum. Momentum is they are good in move with market rhythm. And through that, the compound success through flow basically means the trend.

It follows the trend, then they make money. They are good at that. The moment they notice the trend changes, they totally change that direction to align with the trend.

Okay. The first one vision, they don't care about the trend, right? They know in long run, this company will grow. Even right now, the trend against them, they know eventually once the wave is over, they'll become good.

But momentum, that they don't wait. They change. For example, like in 2020, there's a pandemic, right? Some people make a lot of money by just selling masks.

And before that, they don't have a company selling masks, but they see this need here. They are the first person to do all this. And then now they see results.

And they make a lot of millionaires. That is momentum. Now you know the difference between vision and momentum.

Okay. And then now the third one is the legacy, which is either your dragon, dog, ox or goat in the hour pillar. So this one talking about value investing or they endure and they're stable.

So they invest on something that already good. For example, I'm not asking you to invest on this. For example, you know that, what is a stable company right now? Name me one.

You feel that this is okay. Apple, correct? Microsoft. Yes.

NVIDIA, BYD. Okay. So awesome.

Like all these are NVIDIA. So the big established thing here. So therefore they are good at that because they have patience.

They see in long run, but they don't take chances. They look for proven records already, the company. Okay.

So, but they really do it because their patient in long run, they're compounding and then they make a lot of money. Yeah. So this is the part of our three style of investment.

So now you look at your chart. Now you start to think, right? Which part I need to bust them more in investment. Yeah.

It's a decision. Yeah. You can be good in everything.

You need to focus on what you're competent in. Is this helpful for you guys? Yeah. This is the first part you need to know first.

Otherwise, this is whatever people ask you to buy, you buy. It's not about a winner battle. And in the end you lose the war.

A lot of people make money during like 2020, right? When the, when the Bitcoin suddenly rise. But what happened after that? A lot of people broke, a lot of people got bankrupt. Yeah.

Because they win a battle, but they don't have a plan. Then they end up losing the war. So therefore this tell you, yeah, which direction to go to first.

Okay. All right. So now I go to talk about, to address one question people ask.

What to invest? Or which sector I should study to invest? Is this an important question? Yes. Okay. All right.

So now you already know the animal sign of your investment pillar, right? So now I want you to look, I'm going to show you this. We call investment affinity. There are certain asset class are more aligned with you due to certain energy.

So therefore it's good to know one. And I'm about to show you this. Okay.

I want all of you here to, okay, send them the chart first. Do you like this or not? This is the improved version from my previous investment class. Okay.

Calm down. Some of you ask which animal? No. We are not kill any animal yet.

All right. So don't worry. So just, now you just look at the chart first.

Okay. Now remember just now I asked you to spot the animal sign in your hour. Okay.

That's the animal sign, right? So let's say, let's say that animal sign is monkey. Look for monkey. Oh, I found a monkey here.

So therefore, look into this part. Okay. So which means, or some of you say pig.

Okay. Where's the pig? The pig is here. So you open a pig farm.

Of course not. All right. So you're going to do something related to this financial, industrial, study that market.

This one is like a superpower chart. Easy. So you think about your pattern chart.

I just draw one more time here. Okay. So your hour, pillar, there's an animal sign.

You mix and match. If here is rooster, for example, just look for rooster and then look for what is in the rooster, communication services related companies. If like this, you also don't understand, I go to surrender because this as simple as it gets already.

Okay. Anything inside or what is utilities? What is the answer? I'm not going to explain each of this. Go and search chat GPT because that one is not metaphysics subjects.

Okay. I'm going to waste time to do all this. Okay, guys, that one is not important.

All right. Go and search. You get more detail over there.

You go to chat GPT, you search what is consumer discretionary, you'll get a whole list and it's free. Okay. So now can you not concern about that part first? Can or not? Take a deep breath.

You get the answer by just tapping on Google later. That's not the point. That one cannot save your life.

Yeah. Now I want to know how to look for that piece of information. Are you okay, guys? Right.

This is the first Google. All these people ask us, think first. You want to know more about method rather than explain each of this.

You tell me. That way you can easily get within seconds. Yeah.

I'm not going to waste time doing that. Method, right? Okay, cool. So now that's why now I'm telling you I've become more patient already.

Right. Very good. So now just now method number one.

Look for this animal sign. Let's say you discover this one is rabbit. Where rabbit is? What asset class you should look into? What is if you don't understand what you need to do? ChatGPT or Germanize or whatever or Google is fine.

All right. So easy. All right.

So because all of this here is asset class of investment. Now all of this here. Okay, cool.

All right. Now second thing here is all of this here. If let's say how many of you here you don't know your hour pillar.

You just don't know your time above. Type the word me. Okay.

See some anyone of you here you don't know. Okay. Okay.

I see Damien don't have. Then don't worry. So at your lock pillar, your current lock pillar.

Let's say your current lock pillar is here. Let's say there's also an animal sign, right? Use that animal sign to relate back to the chart. Are you guys okay? Clear? Yeah.

So I'm giving you ways to relate to this. Because you're not only going to invest one, right? You can invest so many things. There are three ways to connect.

First way, hour pillar. Second way, lock pillar. Okay.

There are one more way. Do you want to learn this or not? One more. One more.

Okay, cool. So another way here. Remember the five structure charts? Okay.

All right. In your puzzle, you scroll down. You will locate.

You see something called the five structures. Five structures, right? So look at the five elements here. Which is the strongest element in this person chart? Look at the beige color diagram.

Not the purple color. Which is the strongest element? Metal, right? Because 100%. So remember metal? So now I bring back to the chart just now.

Where is metal? Easy? I already put the element there. You just connect like this. Now these are the few, the options you can.

Choose the one that you like. You do not have to do everything. Carrie Chow asked, what if there are two? Of course.

What if there are three? It's fine. You have more options. Carrie Chow, right? If someone gives you one food to eat, and they give you another three, you don't ask them why more, right? You eat.

Because there are more options. So because in everyone's mind, they think it has to be only one. No.

All right. So don't you think you have more? You have more options. They give you flexibility.

You just choose among the one, the one that you like. And if you learn investment, there's a concept of diversification, right? So do that. Okay.

So this one aligned to you means that you can understand the subject better. You still need to go and learn one, you know. It's not like, oh, I know this.

I simply buy the stock and make money. That one is called gambling. Okay.

So once you know this, then you go and do it. So now some people say, I would say from here, I don't see technology. Which one belongs to tech, right? Okay.

So let me share with you. Tech is at the center. So which means I don't care about your chart.

This one related to everyone. Because now it's period nine. Okay.

Center means for everyone. Understand? Because now it's period nine. So the energy is so strong.

Anyone can do it. That's why in 2019, when I start period nine class, I keep people, ask people to invest in AI. If some of you attended my class in 2019, people say, what is AI? Where's AI? I say, don't care.

You just find the, you still need to study though. You don't simply invest. Study, invest.

Study if you think it's correct. Yeah. Try to invest a little bit first.

Yeah. Your pocket change money. Yeah.

Then that's it. So is this chart important? Is it powerful? Okay. All right.

This one is for you to keep. Yeah. Because once you make a lot of money, you will get tired.

Then you need to use indirect resource. I don't care whether you have it or not in your chart. The fact you invest, that activity alone is already indirect resource.

All right. Activity also an element right now. So whether you got investment does not mean you cannot do it.

Okay. All right. So now I will go through timing.

Okay. Do you want to look at this timing part? Okay. There are some timing guidelines for you.

So one thing I need to clarify first, right? A lot of people think if I invest in the good time, suddenly I will make money. Okay. Please remove that thoughts.

So basically you're saying by investing at the right time, you're able to make a company share increase their stocks. Let me tell you, you are not that powerful. Okay.

Also you're saying if you invest in the bad time, you can bring down Apple stock. Does it make sense? Because in your mind, you think if you invest in the bad time, I will lose money, right? Then if I invest Apple stock, the share will be going down. You are not that powerful.

That's why you need to think when a lot of people think, I'll give me good time to invest for what? No such thing. If you know this, you let me know. Also then I become, I can control the stock market already.

It's not that one. Do you see my point here? I know a lot of people thinking like that, right? If I invest a good time, certainly the share will go up. Okay.

Now you understand this. Now we have a proper mindset to look at timing. Okay.

When you invest in a good time, means that you're in a good mental state. Therefore you can make a better decision. Okay.

So now let's check on timing wise, when likely we're going to actually make wrong decision. So is this. Whenever there's a clash or there's a harm, or combination pay attention.

Okay. Now, let me just, uh, write down here. Let's say this is your pattern chart.

The pattern chart. This is the hour. Remember? And you discovered that suddenly discover you have a red here.

Suddenly in your hour. And do you know that 2026 is a horse? Horse year. By now you should know, right? It's a horse year.

What the horse you do with the red? You, the horse is a clash, right? Clash. And if you don't know it's a clash, it's fine. I already sent you the clash table yesterday.

Okay. Just refer back to the table and you will find out that horse a clash with the red. So once you have this is a clash, what does it mean? A clash means impulsive investing.

So you're already impulsive. So which means that maybe you go all in. That is the most dangerous, right? That that's the part that what the scammer attack you, right? They are, they give you some glimpse of hope by making money.

And because you discover, wow, it's so easy. You invest everything. Then it's impulsive.

You, or you want to prove someone wrong and you do. And then you make a wrong decision. So normally it's an impulsive year for you.

But does that mean you shouldn't invest? No, you still should invest, but you need to aware of this emotion. Impulsive means you don't think you're lazy. You just go all in.

Okay. You invest with emotion. So now what if it's a harm? Have I sent the harm table to all of you here yesterday? Okay.

So I want to say ask a wise, yeah, better strategy. But you need to check whether that person that you're asking got clashed or not. Yeah.

If the person, but you need to check whether that person that you're asking got clashed or not. Yeah. If the person you're asking the partnership also clashed, then double clash even worse.

Okay. So now I'm going to send to you. The, let me see.

Ah, this one. Guys, can you send this for them? This chart comes with combinations and the harm as well. Okay.

All right. So now back to the thing here. Let's say next year is a horse.

And then you have an ox here. What is the ox got to do with the horse? It's a harm. So if it's a harm, that year you are being governed by greed.

And if you are greedy, what will happen? You will make a wise decision. Okay. Be careful of that.

Because when you have greed, I don't care how intelligent you are. You attract a lot of scammers and that, or you make some wrong decision because you want more insight. You want more.

Clash is different. Clash, they just think, they're just impulsive. They act at the moment.

They don't think much. But harm, they might. They are not impulsive.

Maybe in that year, they want more and want more. And finally, when they find an occasion or opportunities to do so, they invest everything. Are they impulsive? No.

But internally, they want more. They become greed. Yeah.

If you look at all the professional scammer, right? If there are one interview, actually, they caught a scammer. And they asked this scammer, is there a people that you cannot scam or not? He say, yes. People that is not greedy, I cannot scam them.

I don't know why. That is the hardest challenge for me. As long as they have a glimpse of greed inside, I can manipulate it.

Okay. This is what comes from professional scammer. Okay.

So if you have a harm, if you have an ox there, 2026, be aware of those emotions. Is this useful? Okay. All right.

Okay. Someone will say, you don't have the clash slide yesterday. Don't worry later.

They're going to send to you. Okay. Now, combination.

Combination. Let me show you again. Combination, right? Combination.

I really send you the slide here on the left-hand side. That's the table there. So combination basically is like this.

You have a goat here. And next year is 2026, right? How many of you have a goat in your hour pillar? Okay. Very good.

So 2026 is a horse. And based on the table combination, horse will combine with the goat, right? Combination means more. Good or not? People like combination.

Every time you see a combination means more. But the more also can mean small profit. Or more debt.

Yeah. Also more, right? Yeah. But here indicate that, yeah, you can reap something.

So if you are experienced investor, you know what you're investing. These are the timing you should pay more attention to. If you are a good investment investor, I think you know how to control losses.

Right? You're not just blindly invest. So this is a year you can accumulate, hopefully assets. Okay.

All right. So how many of you have the goat again? So now probably this is year you go and study investment. Yeah.

Try starting test your skill. Probably you can collect a lot of stuff. Combination means collection.

More. Multiply. Okay.

This is the investment timing you can look into. So now you can, you can see the interaction with this. No, in the day is irrelevant.

Okay. Sonia, we only looking at the hour because hour is an investment pillar. If you crash with the day, probably just means that you suddenly discover your fat.

You want to go through a weight loss regime. That's it. Okay.

For the day. And sometimes suddenly discover your fat, right? Maybe you don't know you eat a lot, but one day you look in the mirror. You don't even recognize yourself.

Yeah. That is a reflection. That is a crash on the day.

Therefore you have pain and then do something. That's what the crash is all about. But now we don't care.

We care about the hour pillar. All right. Is this information useful for you? Yeah.

Now, now, you know, a few stuff. Yeah. The in-depth resource element, which mode are you in? Are you the one, the vision? Remember there are three category.

We also talk about the investment category, the asset class. And now we're talking about timing. So this will give you a guide for you.

Yeah. To study this. Why? Because this is so important.

Let me summarize everything for you. So a bond for wealth. There you go.

All right. So yesterday, very much. We focus on here.

Creation. Remember we talk about the value, the heavenly path and identify the luck timing manifestation. And just now, we also talk about allocation.

Remember there are no question asked because once you make money, you cannot stop here. You need to push to this level where you need to allocate your money, what to do with the money. I see a lot of people, they have a high salary, but they're broke every month because they have a lot of expenses.

They don't want to manage. So the allocation is important. A lot of people cannot get through this point.

Once you know this, then you go to growth. Growth is investment. Now you start to multiply what you earn because allocation, remember 30% is investment bucket.

You're going to bring up to here and then you do investment. And in long run, if you're doing this correctly, if you grow by itself in a loop, finally you reach critical mass. Critical mass means that you are self-sustaining.

Even you don't work, money still coming in, but you need to repeat the process. Once you make investment money, you invest on the bottom creation. You see this, right? If you want to make more money, let me walk through this with you.

Creation is where you improve your value, right? You become more capable. You make more money or not. Then you go to allocation.

You can save more, you can invest more, right? So because when you're able to save more, you can invest more, growth, you become better. And then when you make money, where this money goes to, goes back to here. Why you want to go back to here? Because you need to reinvest on education.

So you become better in creation. Then you go through this process of allocation and then go here. So the loop is here.

So making money is not a matter of intelligence. It's a matter of consistency in following the plan. Okay, so what you do this religiously, and then you're able to reach critical mass.

Hopefully for some of you here, you can find, reach to this point as fast as possible. Okay, if some of you here already there is good. This is what I call financial independence.

And we do it better. You become financial freedom. You still can work, but you don't work for money anymore.

A lot of people say, I like to build quality times with my family. If you still need to work a lot of money, how do you have those time? Okay, so do you want that triangle? Okay, guys, can you send this to them as well? I want you to stick somewhere that you can see it often and then have a plan how to do this. So what you need to do is you need to repeat the process on a triangle without asking question.

I know a lot of intelligent people. Is it work or not? I'm on second month. I'm on the third month.

Two intelligent people will become poor one, you know, because they always ask questions. They keep analyze. Before I allow you to grow, you already asking question why you shouldn't do it.

Do you realize that intelligent people, normally they cannot make a lot of money. They are good in exam during school time. They can pass with flying colors.

But when they go to reality, you know, after they graduate, it's a different world. Compared to someone that don't think too much. They just do.

Like for me, I got intelligent stuff. So I always ask question until I realize that, you know, when I ask a lot of questions, I become afraid I don't do stuff. So that time I practice this triangle system.

I don't care. I got money. I put inside.

I roll. I roll. Even one year, I don't see much result.

Sometimes I just do it. But in long run, hey, it works. Okay.

So the question here, would you trust the processor? Okay. I leave that part to you. I hope you enjoy these two days of born for wealth program.

Do you enjoy this? I share a lot of stuff for you to think about. I urge you to watch the replay. Yeah.

That's 70 replay. Don't waste that. You know, watch it over and over again.

We still meet each other again on the other two bonuses, right? Probably I will organize this in the late November or early December because I want you to practice this first. So you can ask me quality question later on. I'll have a Q&A to do it.

But I want you to practice first cannot for the next few weeks. Then I'll see you guys again in either early December for the two bonus. And that time I will allocate some portion of the time answering your question, but you must do your part.

How about that? Okay. And I would like to say thank you to all of you here for trusting me by going through this journey of metaphysics and self-improvement with me. It's a privilege to become your teacher, a guide for all of you.

I hope that I able to shine some light to some of you in these two days to hope you awaken certain part of your destiny to become better. All right. Cool.

So now later on within, I think maybe a minute or two, I'll post something on Telegram. I want you to share with me which part of these two days you like the most. And I would really appreciate if you can share with me which one you like.

Because once I know that, I know what to do on my next program, the heaven cook. Okay, good. So I will say wish all of you here great success and great health and more success is coming.

And the last but not the least is I would like to use this moment to thank all the team here. All right. You know, they're working hard around the clock, just like yesterday.

Some of them, they didn't sleep because of the payment issue. You know, they work around the clock. I will say that they deserve a lot of applause and recognition for that.

And like for me, I'm just talking, right? Nothing much. But for them, they are the real hero behind. Okay.

All right. Hope that if you meet them one day in the event, say hi to them. And also to me, I would love to meet all you guys in real person.

So till then, have a great time. And I would like to say in advance, Merry Christmas to everyone. Okay.

See you next time. Bye-bye.