Body, health, everything is different. Energy is different. From someone that got sickness, a certain sickness, maybe someone that barely got diabetic, but when he switch to Alex, he is perfectly fine. 

So this gives me an idea that if I don't see wealth element, if I change personality or I switch role, maybe I can see wealth element. Make sense guys? Okay, so now, if you know this, let me bring back the chart again. Okay, now, let's say imagine it's a water year. 

I don't see any wealth element because I'm water right? I should see fire only and consider wealth here. What if I no longer become water? I switch personality to this. I become thing, fire, can or not? Of course, this is your chart right? Or if I don't like, can I become woo earth here? Or if I don't like, I can be sin metal or not? Yes, of course. 

Okay, so therefore, my point here is by shifting the reference point, you can actually see wealth element. So now, here you see right? Just now we know water is to fire through the wealth chart. So if you are fire, can you imagine if you are thing fire, what is your wealth element? If let's say right now, if you are the thing fire, you look back at the chart, metal. 

So can I put the word metal here? Of course, why I put a metal here? Easy for you to remember. So now, look back at the chart I told you just now. Imagine you are earth element, what is your wealth? Water. 

So imagine if you are metal, your wealth is wood. Your log pillar also you can consider. If you are fire, your wealth is metal.

So now, back to the example just now, what if it's a water here? Water here, if you look at the day, must see fire right? So not qualified. For thing fire, the thing fire to see wealth, to see metal also not qualified. But if you look at this, this one, water, must see water right? Does it fit or not? Yes. 

So even that year is a water year, it seems like there are no wealth opportunities, but actually he has a lot, if he is willing to shift the focus point. Isn't it cool? So this is the same concept we are talking about people with multiple personality disorder. So which means everything changes, the moment you flip the role, you switch it.

Okay, so now the question here is, how do I switch it? Will I become crazy? This is not a disease alright, it's a concept. So what does it mean here is like this. Now, tell me, in this example here, which one see the wealth element? Is it the year, month, day or hour? Which one? Year. 

So now, I want you to write this down, if you seeing the wealth from the year, you need not to change personality, you just need to change direction. If it's from the year, your wealth comes through branding, referrals, recognition. Okay, so you need to promote yourself more in your work. 

Referrals means connection, branding means learn how to brand yourself. Okay, just change the role. Everyone clear? Yeah, because that's where your wealth coming from right? So now, let's do this. 

Let's put this into practice. Now this one is 2023. Yeah, it's just backtrack a little bit. 

So it's water right? You see water here? Water. So tell me, which one see water? Year. Okay, what will you advise this person? You're gonna tell them, this year you're screwed because you don't have wealth element. 

Okay, but I'm a different consultant. I can give you a way to overcome it. Now you add, you build brownie points first right? So your wealth actually is currently closed but I can actually open it up by changing the way you do things. 

Since it's coming from the year, what will you tell this person? Again, focus on what? Building brand, awareness, building a recognition. Okay, don't spend time at home watching Netflix. Go out, talk to more people. 

Do more FB live or whatever. Okay, and then make sure you don't dress a very weird brand. Okay, so make sure you're being respectable. 

Use the right command of language. Okay, do that right with finesse, elegance. Make people respect you. 

Okay, so this is the one. It could mean also improve your appearance because your pillar also how to look. Okay, so therefore you can ask this person, improve your appearance, go to some image consultant because the better you look, the more money come to you.

Okay, clear? All right, so now let's move on to the next one. 2024. Okay, tell me, 2024 where you see the wealth element? Okay, so if it's 2024 year, you see wood right? Which one is wood? Our pillar. 

Okay, so what our pillar means for you? That could be a time to learn about investment or how to grow your wealth because our pillar represent your assets. Good or not? Yeah, I give you precisely where your wealth coming from for every year. That one is for 2024 by just changing the road in your life. 

Okay, now let's move on. Okay, this one is the same. Okay, it's the same right? Wood element 2025.

And how about the next one? This one, water, sea wealth right? Fire element is also a big fire. So you can tell them in 2026 is a great year for you because you have all this and what is the year represent? Inspiration. Yeah, suddenly you have a lot of ideas or you recognize opportunity better than the others.

Okay, so you inspire, you have a lot of energy to do stuff. How many of you will have water in a day? So you have a lot of energy, you got a lot of inspiration, you feel motivated, a lot of plans, you know how to detect opportunities before anyone else. So it's a great time to pursue your goal. 

Okay, so now just imagine there are certain years is a metal year. So if it's a metal year, where the wealth coming from? For this person, fire. Okay, all right. 

So this one is fire, right? So this one is not. So the metal coming from this thing fire here. So the month, which means your workplace or your business, your productivity, your hard work, your skill, your experience will give you a chance to grow your wealth. 

Depends whether you're a business owner. If you're a business owner, focus on your product and services. To solve more problems, basically launch new products. 

Okay, or update existing one. And if you're working, your skill or your impact start to get recognized. So this is a year don't take holiday. 

Cannot. All right, perform. They're not every year you got it, but at least you got five chance. 

Okay, why is a five chance? One, two, three, four, five. Okay, so let's say, let's say, let's say this is not a fire year. Let's say it's a metal year.

Let's say it's a metal year. So which one see wealth? You see this, right? Just now already address about your work, your business. What if this one also see metal? This one come from where? Luck pillar. 

If it's a luck pillar, is the time or how do you, what you should do is asking favor. Basically you get what you ask easily. This is super fun.

Ask who? Not ask me, of course, ask your boss. Ask who? Okay, so for example, it's about wealth, right? So a lot of people ask about, okay, can I ask for increment or something, or some of you running your own business, you ask for funding, right? So basically asking something related to wealth. Hopefully not asking your friend to borrow you money, not like that.

All right, maybe asking for help, asking for the right teacher to help you. Also all of this here is good. Okay. 

It's also like asking for, I would say favor, basically. Yeah, but this one is about wealth, right? You cannot asking for love. That's a problem. 

I know some of you say, right, it's the time to get married or ask a proposal because it's a wealth element. It's more for guy. All right.

If you want to actually propose a marriage proposal, you want to ask someone to marry you. If a lot of people see wealth element, then it's a guy for it. Now, for guy are more applicable rather than a woman because a woman is no longer a wealth element. 

It's more of a direct official element already. Okay. But now let's forget about relationship. 

Focus on wealth-related favor you can ask. Okay. Ask for what? Ask for favor related to money, funding, approval, sometimes approval on certain projects. 

You'll get money, right? Maybe it's your client, you have a tender. So that's here. Don't, I would say, be unapologetically asking for favor. 

I know some of you might think like, Oh, I shouldn't do that. It's wrong. That is your principle.

Okay. You must ask yourself whether your principle stopping you from making more money. Right. 

So people don't give whatever your principle is, right? They don't care. Okay. So they care about value. 

So Petro Park asked the bank to increase credit limit. Yeah. It's good, but why don't you make it as if the bank actually proposing you to increase the limit because the CEO wealth grew so much. 

Yeah. You want a better way, but yes, Dean, you can ask for, or Patricia, you can ask for that. Yeah. 

Okay. Cool. So now, you know, let me summarize this for you, right? If the wealth element come from the year, like I mentioned, recognition, branding, all of this is from the month, it's your performance. 

Yeah. Your skill, your experience. If your day is inspiration, you suddenly have a lot of ideas what to do.

You recognize opportunities out there. If it's our focus on investment or learn the subject of investment is from the luck pillar, practice to ask more unapologetically, just ask. It's fine.

Okay. Now, you know, that's where your wealth coming from. So you can actually draw a calendar, not only for 2026, but until 2030, you know, now we know exactly which area your wealth source is.

Yeah. This is what we call the alignment of the steps. This is a technique that I use a lot for my clients because they need me to tell them what to do every year. 

Yeah. And then they find great results so far. And now, you know it.

Okay. So, Cynthia asked, I have wealth element in both year and luck pillar. Means can apply both even better. 

Right. So, year represent branding, right? And then luck pillar represent what? Represent asking favor. You ask more people to help you to promote your brand.

Include you in their discussion, magazine, interview or whatever. Okay. Cynthia. 

Yeah. You have both. Okay. 

Cool. Do you like this technique or not? Nice. Yeah. 

This is, there are a lot of thing to dig, you know, inside your puzzle, you know, so, okay. So, room team asked, you know, you know exactly what to do there. Okay. 

Can I give you one bonus? Yeah. Before I go on to another topic. Okay. 

This one is additional for you. Yeah. So, if the, how many, you already know the concept of the, which pillar seeing wealth, right? So, some of you actually, how many of you here into manifestation? You actually like manifestation. 

So, I give you a quick way to do this, right? So, it's a wealth manifestation energy back and manifest where I want to know when is the right time because manifestation, no matter how powerful your intention is, if you execute it in the wrong time, you won't get results. Okay. But now this technique is not give you the exact time, but the day to do it. 

Yeah. It's a very quick way you can do this. So, now it's like this. 

Listen carefully. It's already something you already know. How many of you here attended my divine manifestation program before? How many of you actually attended that? Okay. 

All right. So, if you attended that, you will know the year pillar, year pillar actually represent manifestation pillar. Do you still remember that? Okay. 

So, if your year pillar see wealth element, just now we're talking about branding, recognition, reputation, your network, right? So, but it also add one more thing here. It actually also represent is a great time to manifest wealth. But you might think, but this one is, we look at the whole year, no? So, as if like you're giving me nothing, right? No. 

Yeah. Because when you talk about manifestation, we don't look at year anymore. We look at day. 

So, now we look at the year. Year is, what is the wealth element? Water, right? So, on which means any water year or sorry, water day is a time to manifest wealth. How many of you understand what I'm saying? Now we're talking about manifestation. 

We look at the year. So, if you're Wu Earth, then every water day generally will be a good day to manifest wealth. So, it repeated every 10 days.

That's or no, every eight days because we have yin and yang water. Okay. For example, let's say now Wu Earth, we need to look for water, right? So, let me give you this example. 

So, you just look for what? This is a Tung Shu calendar. Every day got an element. So, if you look at November, for example, where you can see the water element, can you see on here on 10 and also 9, you see water element. 

Okay. So, therefore, for this person, these two days can manifest for wealth better. The antenna working stronger, not 5G though, but at least 4G. 

Okay. So, this and do you guys want a copy of this for the month of November? Tung Shu? Do you want it? Okay. How about I give you four months instead of one month? Okay. 

October, November, December, and January. By then, you should have enough money to buy your own Tung Shu, right? Okay. Yeah, of course. 

It doesn't cost a lot. Even now we can get it. Yeah. 

But I give you four for you to practice first. The team is going to send over to your Telegram channel right now. Okay. 

All right. So, remember I teach you on chapter number one, the manifestation, you want to know when the time, you can do it anytime if you want, but if you want to be more precise, you can look at your wealth day from the month pillar because the month pillar looking for what is your wealth element. It depends. 

It's different from everyone here. Okay. It's not because November is water day. 

I think you missed the point here. Who is asking this is now? All right. It's not about November is water day. 

The reason is water is only because this person chart, the year pillar wealth element is water. That's why I look for water element. So, if your year pillar wealth element is fire, then you look at all the fire days.

Do you guys get me? Nothing to do in November month. Okay. All right. 

Cool. Yeah. So, you can use any manifestation you like. 

All right. Not just the one you learn because you're going to learn more way of manifestation. Right. 

But now, at least now, you know, these are the great time to manifest wealth. Someone say, can I use other pillar? No, because manifestation pillar is the year pillar. Because year pillar is like antenna. 

It's the bridge between external world and internal world. All right. That's where you project intention out. 

That is the year pillar. Okay. Direction. 

Direction already gave you in chapter number one, right? Remember, backing to which one, either the grass or the hero. If you miss out chapter number one, you watch it on replay again. Okay. 

Yeah. Some of you haven't. You just joined, right? But never mind. 

There'll be a seven day replay. You can watch it later. Okay. 

More importantly, now you know the concept first. That's the most important. Yeah. 

Because some of you have your own different manifestation method. Yeah. You still work. 

All right. Because the day itself support that. Yeah. 

That's the thing. Yeah. We only talking about day. 

You know, we haven't talking about the time. It was an actual one. Like remember the wealth portal that was about date and time.

Okay. But now you see, do you enjoy today's session? What you learn? I know I dumped a lot on you, but do you find that interesting and life-changing for you? You see more possibility. So now you see your pattern chart as a playground rather than a fit. 

Yeah. There's so many ways you can figure out to different way to look at a chart because your pattern chart resemble life. If life offer a lot of possibility, so do pattern chart because it's the same thing. 

Yeah. It's the quote from the heaven. Yeah. 

That's the thing. All right. So now I want to talk about a special presentation and the bonus here. 

How many of you here interested? Yeah. This is something I've been working for a long time and I want you guys to be the first one to know. Okay. 

Just to let you know, yeah, this is extra. Yeah. It's not part of chapter three because I already cover one, two, and three. 

Now this is some, it's sort of like extension to it. Okay. So now the thing I go to talk about here is it might be stepping to some people. 

Yeah. But I wanted to listen first. Yeah.

This is the one I'm about to share with you is the, the biggest cover up, or I will say like they are the, they are the truth about destiny expert that they don't want you to know. Okay. So what is that? Yeah. 

Some, how many of you are pattern coach or at least you consulted by someone before your pattern chart or whatever destiny chart. Okay. So from me being a consultant looking inside out, I discovered this thing, but not a lot of people actually know about this.

So how many of you really are interested to know more about this? Okay. You, some of you might feel uncomfortable. I need to let you know first, but this is the truth. 

Let me show you what it is. Most people pattern chart are misdiagnosed as bad. Okay. 

So which means a lot of your chart actually is not bad, but because you tell your problem to the coach, of course, they will find some fault in your pattern to justify it. Right. Makes sense.

And you totally accepting it and you believe is the truth. Your destiny is done. That's it. 

Because you totally believe on someone's say, and then, yeah, that's, it's like a prophecy, right? What you feel become real. And therefore, just like in medical industry, right. Do you realize a lot of people also being misdiagnosed of sickness and a lot of malpractice as well in the health industry? Yes. 

Yes. Many. Right. 

So what do you think this does not happen in pattern reading? Because they need to give you an explanation when you tell them problems as a no wonder. Yeah. Because that's a clash, right? We find if you want, I mean, in life, right. 

How hard for you to find something that is not right. It's easy for us to find fault in our pattern. If I give you any chart, can you find 10 things you don't like about it? Can you? Yes. 

Easily look at the clash and everything. Right. So therefore this happened in part of the chart. 

So I want to be more careful because a lot of advice actually given by someone, they might be actually mean well, but they try to find the fault in the chart to justify the situation. That's a problem. If you think it's true and you believe it's true, then that's, it will, it will lead to that way anyway.

Right. That's why, because you already believe it, you will align to that direction. So my, the thing I want to tell you here, actually I discovered that actually not a lot of people have a really bad pattern. 

At the moment is trying to tell them, oh, this is a clash, but everyone got clash one, you know? So therefore a lot of people think that chart is bad, but actually most of people, they don't have a really, really bad pattern. Those people that have a bad pattern, they won't get a consult because they don't even believe that they need help. The fact you believe you need help, you already have a good pattern. 

So now if it's not have a bad pattern, then what? Right. So I want to actually tell you this. They're just simply fallen out of the scene with the heaven timing. 

Yeah. So now I want you to think about this heaven timing. Do you feel that you align to the heaven timing or not right now? A lot of people think it's a pattern, but actually it's not. 

They're just out of scene of the heaven timing. Okay. So maybe you're one of them and you think you have a bad pattern. 

So the thing here is when you fall out of scene with heaven timing, your access to prosperity is denied. Okay. So when you're denied, like what Tim say, you feel it now, not before, right? Yeah. 

So now you feel it. So, which means that there are some signs like manifestation is not working or you apply function, it doesn't see results or you feel helpless or if you're not supported, everything is not smooth. How many of you have this feeling? Okay. 

It's hard to explain, but you know it. You're out of scene, you're out of alignment, right? So therefore the thing you should diagnose is not how bad the pattern is, is are you aligned with the heaven timing and the heaven rhyme? We call this the heaven rhythm. Is this something messed up here? Because if something mess up on the timing and alignment, then I'll call, I'll regard this is out of scene with heaven rhythm.

Let me tell you some symptom. Okay. So despite of your skill and hard work, you don't get the result you want. 

It seems like everything against you or wrong people keep showing up in your life, no matter how hard you try to avoid them. We call this petty people, or you feel like life is unfair yet you can't explain why things don't fall into place. And another one is like you keep repeating the same lesson over and over again, as if like you're stuck in a loop or replay. 

How many of you have this feeling? Okay. Yeah. Same person, but different name.

Or you always second guess yourself. You don't know when to act now or later. You're afraid making mistake or you are losing touch with joy. 

You hardly remember when is the last time you're feeling truly happy. Yeah. So, and finally, right. 

You feel the universe has gone silent, no opportunities, no flow, no alignment. Okay. Then the question here is what to do with it.

Yeah. The heaven timing. All right. 

So because the heaven timing has a power to create and you think about manifestation, we actually do what we select the date, right? And time we do function activation. We also need the day and time. I don't care how powerful your function formula is. 

If you don't come up with a good day and time, you get nothing. Okay. So now the thing here is if you're, you don't do anything aligned to rhythm, you don't get results. 

You get pain. Okay. So the solution here is if you're able to restore the heaven rhythm and the flow returns, how many of you here want to learn how to do this? Okay. 

You want to restore back the mojo. And when you're able to restore this, yeah, the flow will return. So I want to share with you something I worked for quite a long time and I haven't actually tell everyone yet. 

I haven't launched this yet. I want you to hear this before anyone. I'm going to launch this. 

It's what I call the heaven code. Okay. Yeah. 

This is a date selection masterclass for period nine success, alignment, and prosperity. And I guess this is the right time. I haven't done any date selection program before. 

And a lot of people asking me, you know, Hey, how can you share with this? So I need to have the right thing to share first. Right. And this is the thing I've been doing a lot, a lot of experiment. 

So by knowing the right timing, you'll gain unfair advantage in period nine by aligning your heaven rhythm. Okay. And some of, how many of you are interested to know more about this? Okay. 

So let me share with you first. You can secure and apply this knowledge with this investment, right? 1, 2, 9, 7. The question here is how can actually divine time to change our destiny? Okay. So let me show you. 

Okay. You, everyone have their pattern chart, right? And how, let me tell you, how do you made up your pattern chart? How your pattern chart made up of date and time. Why they want to know this because it's also this election, right? So when you have the right day and time, that energy will determine your whole destiny. 

That's how powerful your date and time yet. But the problem here is we cannot choose our pattern. The moment we are born is already set. 

Okay. Even you don't like it, like missing element or whatever. We cannot change anything. 

We just need to accept that's the best solution. Right. Okay. 

And the thing here is I'm not attempting to change your pattern. I'm not capable of doing that. I'm just a human.

Okay. I don't dare to claim I have that ability because this is the heaven code. Okay. 

But one thing we can do while still respecting pattern, we can do the formula of stacking. Stacking means that every time you choose the right date and time to do important activities, it add another layer to your pattern, is it? It add another layer because it's a good time and energy. So we do like this. 

Imagine you do so many things in the good date and time and your pattern chart is the lowest of the stack, right? So every day you do, you apply for a job, you do the right date and time to manifest at the right date and time. Eventually all this good energy you do after you born will actually compounding. And if you look at here, imagine every time you had select a good day and time, eventually what happened? You stack. 

So this is called a stacking method. And after that, do you think you have a different destiny? Inside the most bottom is you still have it still have its own influence, but that is not the only influence already. That's how destiny is changed. 

Do you guys understand? All right. So this is the concept behind it. So therefore in this program, the, in the essence, this is what we do.

And, but one thing first, I want to ask you first, the stacking of divine date and time is come with three things. Yeah, you can, you can pick. All right. 

The man realm, have you heard about people choose something for important activities? So it's about the man realm where we align activities with the right date and time, like, you know, starting a business, attending job interviews, negotiation, getting married, healing date, you know, or serious conversation with someone. We all need good dates, right? All of this is under the main, the man realm date selection. A lot of people like to do, do this. 

Okay. So now the second one, some people need is the earth realm. Earth realm is more for grounding support and nourishment, like stability, health. 

So this include the right time to manifest, cultivation, grounding, harmony, true joy, inner strength, and to invite true wisdom into your life. This one is under the earth realm. Okay. 

And which one you prefer more? Man realm or earth realm? Everyone have their own preference, right? So depends on what you want. And the third one, this is also one of my favorite is the heaven realm. Yeah. 

Man, earth, and heaven, right? So heaven realm talking about effortless momentum, where you stop forcing outcomes. Things just happen for you, not to you. Basically imagining right place, right time, right opportunities about synchronicity, the divine rhythm, and the access to miracle frequency. 

Now this is the highest level. Okay. So now I haven't, I want you to choose if you can decide on the cause, heaven, the heaven food, which one is the one? You must choose one. 

Heaven. Okay. I saw Selena say heaven.

Okay. So cannot be greedy as always. Wow. 

So many heaven. All right. Nice. 

Okay. Yeah. That's my favorite too. 

Okay. But do you know that 90, 90% of the people, when they learn this lesson, they learn about the man realm only. Do you realize that? All right. 

The right date to purchase something and assign contract, right? I'm not saying that's wrong, but it's just one part of this selection. What they didn't know to connect the date and time together, you need the power of this three realm. So instead of me choosing which one to teach, how about this? I teach three of them together. 

This is what I call the heaven code framework about level one, level two, and level three. So you get everything. If you want to learn the right date and time to manifest, it's under the earth realm. 

If you want to attend an interview discussion with your spouse, maybe you make your spouse angry, it's the man realm. And then the heaven realm is the access to the miracle frequency. So yeah, this is the one you're going to learn. 

And more importantly, it's aligned to period time frequency. That's what you need right now. Okay. 

Do you like this or not? I'm very looking forward to share with everyone. But I want you to know first, because if you're out of sync, my goal in this program here is to bring you back in sync with heaven rhythm again. Okay. 

Yeah. I want you to ask inside, you know, you know what, this is not a logical decision. It's more like, you know, you feel there must be a reason, uh, you're being, uh, get to know this.

Yeah. Is this some time to do this? So there you go. This is the, uh, one, two, nine, seven.

If I'm interested, this is, uh, the investment here. Okay. So now let me put it here. 

The heaven code, the date selection masterclass for period nine success. One, two, nine, seven. And for all students here, I will, you will get a VIP bonus. 

Okay. Do you want bonus? Okay. So this VIP bonus here that I'm about to present to you is one of the most anticipated program I did annually.

Guess what? Wealth Prophecy for 2026. How many of you attended this program before last year? All right. Yeah. 

Remember we talked about the month of July. I showed you pay attention on that month. I think a lot of you here, I should record it. 

I will put a snippet on my YouTube as well to tell them how to predict the movement of Bitcoin, but every year is different. How many of you make money last year? Yeah. Some of you did, right? So I received some, uh, uh, email, uh, from students because they're able to time it, but not every year is about crypto.

I need to depend on the 2026 chart, but I will tell you to read the wealth sign before anyone else so can plan properly. What is the important wealth event of that year? And if you actually, uh, if you get, you choose to go with us in this, the code of heaven, you get this for free. Okay. 

So now I lining up together, you get a heaven code and a wealth prophecy. And now one more thing here is for the first 30 today who choose to join with us, you get another bonus. How many of you here, you actually like Feng Shui activation.

Activate Feng Shui. Okay. So the first 30 bonus going to get here, if you're quick, you get the Feng Shui circuit breaker, where Feng Shui activation guide to resetting, unblocking, activating flow and restore all the Qi flow in your house again.

Okay. Yeah. So I haven't, I didn't teach a lot of Feng Shui activation, but I think this is the right time to do it. 

So I include this in the bonus. Okay, cool. So now if you look at everything here, the total will be 2291. 

Yeah. If you buy it separately on other different time, this is the investment cost. But for today, if you join us today, you're going to get this 597 for everything here. 

You get the heaven code, the core program with two powerful bonus that you can equip with to phase 2026 and beyond. Okay. All right. 

So now if you're in, how many of you interested to join this? You found there's a true value on this. Yeah. I want to know because I haven't launched this yet. 

Okay. All right. So let me share with you the link here. 

There you go. joeyup.com slash THC stand for the heaven code. Okay. 

This is about seeing with the timing of the heaven. Now, wow. So many of you are interested.

So can I make something for you? Something extra? Do you want something extra? Yeah. If for today, if you choose to join us to appreciate your trust on us, if you like the teaching material that I'm doing on this one, you're going to get four, you will get this at 497 instead of 597 today. Okay. 

So, and this price will go up soon and I'm sorry, we cannot revert back. Okay. So, but right now you get this price. 

We have an allocation slot. One, the slot is full for 497. We have no choice to revert back to 597 or actually beyond. 

Okay. All right. So therefore this is the, the thing here, that's the link here. 

Just join us here and then to secure your enrollment here. So this is the timing. If you're interested, you're joining us now, there will be the special price and it won't be long. 

All right. It will be going up very soon. Okay. 

Now, and one thing I want you to pay attention, the heaven code is happening on April, but the world prophecy will happen on January. Yeah. Because it's for the whole, the whole year we start in February. 

So the world prophecy will happen on January. So you get to do the bonus first before the heaven code. And Angelica say, can you put the registration link on telegram? Yes. 

It's already there by the way. A lot of you asking, right? I think the team already posted there already. So you can actually directly click from the telegram to secure your slot.

Okay. Yeah. So, and the, but the team forget to include the link. 

They just post the photo. I don't know why. Okay. 

Now they get it. Okay. Now. 

So the thing is, I did some of you asking, right? Do I need to have a background? No, you need not to, because you don't need any background data on this selection or Chinese metaphysics. So this program designed for anyone to follow and benefit. Okay. 

All right. So now if some of you cannot make it to the date of April 4th to 5th there in every program, the main program and the bonuses, you'll go through the seven day replay. All right. 

You have a seven day replay. So you can recap back and it only take like $1.40 per day. If you stretch out to one year. 

Yeah. This is to transform not only your financial destiny, but also your wellbeing and your fulfillment and happiness. So it does not just focus on wealth.

Yeah. Remember wealth is only on the man realm, the earth and the heaven realm, the wealth element means differently. You represent health. 

You represent fulfillment. You represent knowing that you have a purpose that is under the earth and the heaven realm. Okay. 

All right. Some of you see the payment is on test mode. I don't know what happening. 

Yeah. You talk to them. Okay. 

So that's the thing. So you schedule it. This is the time, February 4th and 5th, April next year. 

So the offer will expire in 24 hours. So some of you say that is still in test mode. So just a lot of people cannot pay.

All right. So, okay. The team, yeah, please talk to every, I think she's able to help.

So, but don't worry. Eventually you'll get it. Yeah. 

So just make sure to be part of the 30. Okay. So this is the, let me bring you back. 

This is 497. Okay, cool. So some Anna, Anna say she able to enroll. 

I think they fixed it already. So Karen Bonora say I want to be the part of 30, but cannot pay. Everyone also got problem. 

Yeah. I don't know whether this is a good or bad problem. Okay. 

Nevermind. Stay calm a little bit. I think given enough time, they're able to make it. 

Okay. So I think you can, you can actually let them know first whether you want this. Yeah. 

Then they can log in for you. Okay. Now, but for the rest of you here, I know if you have any question, you can ask me now while they're fixing, like what you want to know about the last three chapters. 

You can ask me now. Okay. You can type in the chat box.

Okay. This question from what is the difference between a date selection? Okay. This one is, we talk about three realms. 

Okay. We are not. So we are combining Yijing to it. 

I'm glad you asked with a date selection, Pazer and Shiman inside. Yeah. Because in order to do a date selection of all this heaven, earth, and man realm. 

Yeah. That one is the, the part that require more than one practice to it. Okay. 

Okay. A lot of people keep talking about the testing mode. So let the time, the, the, the team fix it. 

Okay. This is my celestial wealth element, how to receive nobleman help, help opportunity. So during that time, you actually do something like you planned before, like who to contact and what to do, because it won't happen to you first. 

You need to prepare first. That's why I teach you to do this so you can see this in advance. Okay.

Okay. Other question. I don't worry about the payment test error first. 

All right. It'll be fixed. You just stay put first. 

The team are fixing it. I got a message here. So, but I, okay. 

Some of you is done. Some of you can enroll. I don't know why, but it's fine.

So, okay. Esther here is my year element is pink fire. Then what element is good for manifesting? Okay. 

Let me refer back to the wealth chart. If, if you're pink fire, what control fire, sorry, fire control, what element fire control metal, right? So you look for the don't show all the metal days. Okay. 

Let's see. Can you send a link to the telegram this? Okay. They're going to send. 

Okay. Other question related to the cost. I know there are some problem with payment. 

Yeah. Calm down. Calm down. 

Let's answer some of the content first. Okay. For my year pillar to manifest on water days at what hours? No, this technique here, you're using the day.

Okay. If you use the time, it's very rare. You'll get it. 

Yeah. So this one, at least every eight days you can do it. Okay. 

Corny up man realm 2026 can switch to use wood. Yeah. If it's part of your role of any of the STEM is wealth element, you can actually use that. 

Okay. I got a message from the team. Yeah. 

They say that the, the payment is, is fixed. Okay. Yeah. 

So, so sorry for the inconvenience and the team say that, okay, let me read out the message. You say that I know some of you on, I'm not part of the dirty. They'll say that within 30 minutes, if you, they're going to include you in. 

Okay. So they do some changes here. So don't worry. 

Okay. So you try to refresh the page. Okay. 

Calm down. Calm down. I see so many people say still in chess mode. 

Maybe you refresh the page again. You do. Okay. 

So now corny up year, pillar water, they look up fire. No, it depends what you want to do. So if you want to manifest year, pillar is water. 

You look up for fire on the top element of each day. Okay. Yeah, you're correct.

That is correct. Okay. All right. 

Cool. So I will say that some of you asking about the, okay. I saw a message from Carrie is fixed now. 

So I think you can try again to see whether it works. So it says that if within 20 minutes, you will get it. You want to, you want to get this thing yet. 

So sorry for that. Okay. Any other question you have, you can ask me here.

Some of you just are asking about, is this correct? Today is metal day. So what is the day of today? Wow. The question boomer with a lot of payment question. 

Okay. Hold on. Let me pause this. 

I want to ask, I want to answer the question. Okay. Grazeline is the year. 

Pillar is earth manifest on the water. They correct manifest on method. They wire backing the Chimun star. 

Yes. Correct. Yeah. 

But you manifest is not on the metal day, right? Because if your year pillar is earth your day to manifest, it should be water. That's good enough. Then on the water day, you follow back the instruction on chapter one, back to the direction you intended to. 

That's it. Okay. Raluca asks, when is the bonus is planned? Okay. 

It will plan on November, December. Okay. And then the next one will be on January for this wealth prophecy. 

Okay. Saigon asks to see Slashio Norberman. Is it considered only one day and hour? No. 

Slashio Norberman is one year. Good question. Okay. 

Slashio Norberman is one year. Then which means on that year itself is considered a lot of opportunities. It's not one day. 

So you need not to stress. Okay. Very good question. 

So, because remember Slashio Norberman are formed by the year, luck pillar and the year, right? So that whole year you've got opportunity. Unless only one exception, you have all the three in the chart. Then opportunity, you already bond with it. 

So whether you want to exercise with it or not. Yeah. That way we consider a special chart already. 

Okay. Yeah. So depends on the configuration Saigon. 

Okay. Mona Hilda asks, if it's only for manifestation or activities, for example, I'm a pink fire. I have more chance for get to job interview when I send my application on metadata. 

Uh, that one, no, because your pillar is for manifestation. If you want to know that the job selection interview, that one would be more complicated. That's why I choose another program to teach about it because you need to know the essence of the job you're asking or what is the problem you try to fix. 

Maybe you're someone that not really good in communicating. You need to select a day where you're able to express yourself very well. So everyone is different.

I cannot say there'll be one generic date that good for interview day for everyone. No. Okay. 

Yeah. Because some people, they are very good in their skill, but they don't want to communicate. Now that is the problem, right? So, and some people get nervous. 

Yeah. They are, they cannot stay calm during interview. They might say the wrong thing. 

So there'll be a stabilizing day or element they can tap into. Okay. Mary Anne asked, do we use year pillar to manifest or any of the pillar? No, you don't use the year pillar to manifest.

The year pillar is the reference to guide you, which is the best day to manifest. Yeah. Mary Anne, I think you need to listen back to the replay for that.

Okay. Angelica say now payment work. Yay. 

Okay. Kyoko say I'm in. Congratulations.

Okay. So let me see what other questions that you can. Okay. 

Mondry asked on special wealth, do the triangle has to be formed by three animal? What if the triangle is formed by two out of three? No, it's not considered. In order to consider special wealth, three animal sign needs to happen. I'm sorry, Mondry. 

If you have it, you have it. If you don't, you don't. It's fine.

Okay. But need to be three. Okay. 

Otherwise it's just a normal wealth day. Okay. So now, and now this question from Ashley Cole, if I don't have water element in my natal chart, can I use the hidden element stem instead of the part of the shifting person? No.

Unfortunately, hidden stem is not working because the shifting has to be at the top because the top represent the role of solvency. So Ashley, because when you learn Apache, it's one pillar when you install top and bottom is we see as a whole. All right. 

So therefore the top represent the person, the receiver in, because the top is the way you receive energy. So use at the bottom, but the top, you cannot receive whatever in the bottom also cannot activate. Actually, I hope that clarify your question. 

So the summary is only use the top element. Okay. This is from Diana chapter two manifestation using the RIR. 

Okay. Chapter two, I didn't talk about manifestation. Okay. 

Diana chapter two, I talking about the role and everything. So yeah, maybe you try to rephrase your question, what you want to ask. Okay. 

For chapter three, the year pillar represent the fruit, the so-called the reference point to tell you which day is good for wealth manifestation. You don't manifest the year pillar. You got it wrong. 

The year pillar is to tell you, which is your great manifestation wealth day. Crystal asked if it's a celestial wealth, and if you sing, how to maximize its benefit, I will say, be prepared. Are you prepared for it? Yeah. 

You don't wait for it. Crystal. It seems like you're asking, like you're waiting for something to happen. 

Nothing will happen. You plan for it. Just like you just imagine this. 

If you have a holiday coming up in year end, what do you do? It won't happen. You're planning to buy stuff right before that to happen. So if we start this happen, exactly the same thing. 

Okay. Chong Chi Wei asked any installment payment? Yes, there is. You talk to the team. 

They're able to help you on that. Okay. It seems a lot of people talking about the manifestation or the manifestation like this in your Pazer chart, the antenna of manifestation is in the year. 

Okay. That's it. There's nothing you can do with the year pillar, but the year pillar tells you which day is good for manifestation.

So let's say your year pillar is fire, fire control metal, right? So all the metal days is good for manifestation. Okay. Gracelyn Chu is a meaning of the year pillar is fire. 

Manifest on metal day, backing Chima star. That's correct. Gracelyn, exactly that. 

Okay. Cherry asked is Slasher Nobleman is an auxiliary star? This is not Slasher Nobleman. This is Slasher Wealth Element. 

Okay. Carrie, I think you need to look at this because still a lot of people complaining there's an error in making payment. It's still stated that no such form. 

Okay guys, you deal with that. All right. So, okay. 

Kyoko asked to manifest stronger if you use day pillar on a day are the same. No, no, no. You look at the element. 

If the element is looking for his water, whether it's a day pillar or not, your day pillar is doesn't matter. It recognized by the element, not the polarity of the element. Okay. 

This question here is, but from Todd, okay. Todd, your question here is, but still if month pillar with DE, no, don't care about DE. Why do you care about DE? Don't care. 

Nothing to do with DE. Yeah. That's why, right? People attention sway when there's something, oh, there's a clash, there's a DE. 

Nothing. Okay. Don't worry about it. 

Okay. Chung Man Yin say managed to register. Thank you.

Congratulations. And I say finally the bug is fixed. Good. 

Okay. So now Felicia Tan asked, I have two out of three. What if my husband has the third animal sign in the puzzle? Does it count? No. 

Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. 

But you have two out of three is considered almost there. Yeah. It's still good, right? You just don't get this, uh, three celestial sign. 

Just like if three celestial sign meaning is becoming an expert. So you have two out of three means you're almost expert already. Still very good. 

Almost expert. Okay. Some of you actually receiving email twice and you talk to Carrie. 

Carrie can help you. Okay. Don't worry about that. 

Right. We'll resolve. Uh, some of you are afraid if there's a double charge or something, don't worry.

All right. We'll resolve. We're going to check. 

We have the list. You just contact them. They're able to help you out. 

Okay. If native child don't have water, can we use earth? No. Right. 

Connie? No. So, okay. So Ray say you cannot. 

Okay. Try again. I'm not sure. 

So sorry about that. Okay. But I know some of you still not able to make payment. 

Just give them another five minutes. I think they should be able to work it out. Okay. 

I think I answered most of the question already. Okay. Some king kid ask manifesting based on water year pillar.

Fire day. So I'll manifest and backing as it's based on my EG. The year pillar. 

Fire day. So I'll manifest and backing as it's based on my EG. That's correct.

Some king kid. Yes. Gina Chua is any year. 

There's no wealth element in our chart. What should we do? Okay. If Gina Chua, if you don't have any wealth in your chart, you wait for tomorrow session. 

Okay. Yeah. There are way to counter it. 

Tomorrow we talk about feng shui. We talk about manifestation. Yeah. 

So it'd be right. Interesting. Okay. 

So please say you pay. All right. Good. 

Congratulation. I'll see you in this program here, but we start with bell prophecy first. Okay. 

In January. Okay. Here is fire can manifest on any metal day. 

Yes, exactly. Sin or come anyone will do. Does it matter which metal day? No, no difference.

So the yin and yang polarity is not, is not relevant here. All right. We recognize by the five elements because no matter whether your yin and yang is still your wealth energy.

Okay. Helen. Yup. 

Hope that answer your question. Celine cause a finally enroll. Nice.

Congratulation. So Sue say how to know to be part of the D because we are the one, the team actually, uh, I don't know why the stable is not, uh, the server not stable, but we like to include, if you are within today, we do it. I will put you on for the second bonus as well. 

Yeah. It's fine. Yeah. 

Because after, uh, today and tomorrow, we go to close the enrollment first, uh, because we haven't launched it to public yet. Okay. So, uh, therefore, yeah, you adjust your time. 

Don't worry because it's not your fault. Yeah. It's the team. 

Uh, there's some server issue. Yeah. That need to fix. 

So if, okay. This question here from Ang, if I have a rune water plus green water in our pillar and, uh, luck pillar apply shitin palace, do I focus on assets? You can focus. If you have few elements, seeing the wealth, you need not to do anything one actually. 

Right. But if you want to, there are options for you. Yeah. 

And I'm glad you asked this question. A lot of people think the moment appear in a chart, it means we must do something. No, it's all the, if you want something, then only you do it. 

All right. And so if you have three options, you can exercise all the three or one or none of at all. It's fine. 

Okay. Peggy done. Our special wealth must fall on the day pillar, not pillar and incoming year pillar, not other pillar. 

Okay. The special wealth first one of the special wealth must happen in your natal chart first. Natal chart could be the year, month, day, or hour is fine. 

Okay. But the remaining two, either formed by the, uh, luck pillar or the annual pillar. This is to answer Peggy done question. 

Okay. Alice asked, do you take consideration for manifestation, the stem or the branch of the year? The stem. You asked a good question. 

You might think I was in, why you change the method a little bit because last time you might use the branch because period nine favor speed. Okay. You want to, you want to, you need to align. 

You see, it's like this when that changes the period, the style of manifesting of whatever it is has to be quick. Yeah. So remember I teach you using the annual at the chapter number one, we do align to this. 

So therefore we always use the stem in period nine. Because everything changed so fast. Whatever working right now might not working next month.

Okay. They keep happening. Okay. 

When manifesting using year pillar, do we use the 10 gods in the year pillar to find human backing or use the, uh, the stem? No, the, you, I think you need to read back. You will watch back chapter number one. Okay. 

Yeah. Because we go through a lot over that. You listen back to it. 

So basically once you find your wealth manifestation day, you go back to chapter one and do the manifestation. Okay. Grace say I still in the test mode. 

Hold on. All right. They're going to fix it for you.

Yeah. Carrie or anyone, please help grace Tirambulo. Yeah. 

He's, she's still in the test mode. Elvin Lee asks, is every body chart has different 10 gods? Yes, it is. 10 each has a completed payment. 

All right. Great. Congratulations. 

Okay. Felicia Tan say you make my day ever soon. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Yeah. Thanks for joining. 

Wilma. My year is water. I manifest in fire day. 

Am I correct? Exactly. You get the point Wilma. You're right. 

Okay. Grace Lin Chu asks, let's show wealth can be a combination with three person. No, no, no. 

Cannot. Grace Lin Chu, you're overly creative. Only you. 

Okay. Okay. Lian asks from chapter one to clarify for the luck pillar stem supposed to be from the top to the bottom. 

The last annual pillar is the top box. Day chart is the bottom box. Or what do you mean day chart? Okay. 

Yeah. But the luck pillar and the natal chart, yes, is, uh, is the bottom element, but for the annual pillar is the top element. Okay. 

The only tree evolve. Either you choose the natal chart, which is the month bottom element, or you choose the current luck pillar, the bottom element, or you choose the annual pillar, the top element. Okay. 

Lian, I hope that this explanation helps. Okay. Some kinky say, thanks. 

You're welcome. Okay. Chinya asks, I'm a run water. 

Is being the period nine favorable to my wealth element? No, you cannot mix period nine element to your own chart like that. Yeah. If like that, all run water also become melty. 

No, it's not. It's a different field. Okay. 

Okay. Chon Wan Yin say, my natal chart got two celestial, celestial animal. Can the third animal come from month animal instead? No. 

I wish it could happen, but don't want it. We already addressed this earlier, right? Two person already asking me this question. Yeah. 

Asking me on third time doesn't change the answer. I'm sorry. Yeah.

You cannot use the month. Remember the month used for what? The month for each month, that one is used for date selection. Okay. 

Cherry Ng asks to clarify next year is a fire year and I'm a water DM. My year pillar is earth, which they use for manifestation. Manifestation, you don't care whatever pillar, you look at your year pillar only. 

If your year pillar is earth, what is wealth element of the earth? It's water. So every time you manifest on the water, they benefit you. It does not care whether it's 2026 or 2027. 

It does not matter. Cherry, I hope this helps. Okay. 

Mondrey asks, I'm pig, I'm in. Good. Congrats. 

Okay. Mona asks, thank you for all your interesting topic and your knowledge. You're welcome. 

I'm more than happy to do it. Okay. Kevin Lim asks, the four months Tung Shu PDF sent to us earlier, was it meant to be achievement planner? We just send you the Tung Shu is for you to plan for look for manifestation day.

Okay. You can, you can, now you can write down which day good for manifestation. That's the purpose. 

Okay. Angelica asks, is the DM Yang master in the year of 227 earth is a year to profit for status and power? I don't understand your question. Okay. 

So now you are Yang water and 2027 is earth. So 2027 is a, is a fire earth. So you look at, if you are Yang water, you look at the Yin fire. 

That basically is the ownership. Okay. It's the ownership element, not, not the status. 

Okay. Page Young say can go through one example, how to read Tung Shu, identify the day, the day actually written on the Tung Shu. Let me see whether I can, I'm not sure whether the chart is okay. 

The Tung Shu, right. You want to know how to read the day, okay. Let me see whether I got this or not. 

Okay. The day actually is at the, I wish I could zoom in here, but you try to look at your own PDF file. You can zoom in inside your telegram. 

So every day there's an element. So how do we know you look at this text here? So this is earth. Okay. 

This is metal. And then this one is metal. Yeah. 

So you look at this character here. You tell you what is the element guys, you guys, are you guys sending the wrong thing to them? Yeah. They say that the thing that you send to them is achievement calendar, not the Tung Shu calendar. 

Let me check for you guys. Let me see. Okay. 

Later, later that you send, you confirm is a, is achievement calendar. Okay. Let me see. 

All right. Just, okay. Now they're just resend it. 

I'm glad that you asked. Okay. Can you see the calendar right now, guys, everyone? What happened to you guys today? Okay. 

Of course, they need us. Can you keep the calendar? Yes. It's for you anyway, because the achievement calendar is, is for tomorrow, actually.

So we have a timing to send, so it won't confuse you. Since you already have it, keep it. It's meant for you guys anyway. 

Danny. Okay. All right. 

Okay. I think I answered most of the question, but the achievement calendar, hope it don't add more confusion to you. The achievement calendar I sent to you is not to manifest. 

Yeah. It's just a daily achievement calendar. All right. 

For now, don't do anything with it. It's supposed to be on day two. You guys understand? Okay. 

That's why I normally we delay the sending first. There was too much information. Then your eyes actually suddenly very big.

You don't know what's happening. Not everything need to act on. So that one, keep it first.

Okay. Yeah. Tomorrow we're going to open it. 

Now don't open. The moment you open, you become confused. Okay. 

Angelica say the calendar disappeared. Okay. It's a good thing to disappear. 

Otherwise it add more headache to you. Don't worry. You reappear again tomorrow.

Okay. Relax. Relax. 

I promise you'll be there again. Magically it will appear again. Don't worry. 

It's a good riddance right now. Okay. Tomorrow you're coming back. 

Okay. All right. Yeah. 

Tarista say it's 2am here. Okay. All right. 

Okay. Understand that. Yeah. 

Just for two days. All right. Yeah. 

With all information, hope you can do something for yourself. Yeah. For these two days. 

Yeah. I know some of you wake up early in the morning. Wow. 

Kelvin Lim say it's 3am here. Where are you from? Kelvin Lim. Okay. 

Kimberly Meyer say I sign up late. Are this chart in the that all the people receiving telegram, you're able to access it Kimberly? Yeah. It doesn't, we don't delete the thing. 

You still can get access to all the things we shared just now. Don't worry. Okay. 

Oh Melbourne. Okay. So Kelvin Lim from Melbourne.

How is the weather right now there? It's a bit hot. It's spring now. Okay. 

All right. Okay. Good. 

All right. So now thank you. Yeah. 

Thank you for your time. I hope you are, I think I answered most of your question here and thank you for staying put. Even some of you in 4am right now. 

I appreciate that. And now just to give you some summary here, we already address chapter one, two and three. Okay. 

And tomorrow, one of the chapter here is it's about Feng Shui. Okay. If it's about Feng Shui, so if you can, can you actually get your fall plan ready? Can you do that? Okay. 

So, and if you don't have, don't, it's fine. It's fine. But you have it is you can bring it because one of the chapter we talk about is this is about Feng Shui wealth arrangement, millionaire setup. 

So it's good if you have that. Other than that, just relax, take a good rest today and I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. 

And some of you remind me on the Qimen manifestation chat. Don't worry. Okay. 

It's already safe in my heart this. Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.

Take care. Have a good rest. I'll see you at the same time tomorrow. 

Bye-bye.