about to share. I would say you are a one of the lucky few. Okay. 

Okay. So let's see. All right. 

So someone asked about how about speak louder and clear. This I think is already the best I can adjust from my part here. How about you guys? Can you hear me well? The rest of you? Is the voice okay? Okay. 

Since it's okay, I think probably it's an isolated incident. Probably you try to fix your speaker or something. All right. 

Good. So today, yeah, let me just tell you what we're going to do here today. Today is a bonus session. 

The fact you're able to join here is because only because you enroll for the Born for Wealth program. Have you guys enrolled for Born for Wealth? Hopefully so, right? If you are not, and then you're here, something weird. You are not supposed to be here, you know? Okay. 

This is just to let you guys know. And this is a bonus. One of the three bonuses that offer to all the students who enroll for Born for Wealth, which will be conducted on next month, October 18 and 19. 

And that's the reason I do the business, sorry, the bonus before the actual core program. What is the reason? I think some of you watched my webinar before, you know. What is the reason I do this bonus in September? Because there's a Wealth Portal. 

All right. A Wealth Portal opening. I've been telling you this Wealth Portal is starting from September the 7th and then probably last year until end of December. 

I'm going to be precise, will be around 4th of January next year. Okay. So this gives us like four months runway here. 

And the first month is, I would say, is very important. And I'm going to actually share with you for today. There are five powerful manifestation dates. 

Okay. You're here for that. Okay. 

When I say dates, it has to be matched with the right timing. Okay. This is in the end. 

This is what you're going to get. And I'm going to explain how I derive to those dates as well. And some of you here are beginner. 

You might not know what I'm explaining, but in the end, you need not to, to benefit from this program because throughout today's session, you will get five dates, powerful dates. Are you guys okay? Even for beginner. Okay. 

If you discover, if I go sometime, I go to explain some point that is so-called the technical part. If you don't know, it's fine. Okay. 

You're not missing out anything. I'm going to give you a date that is not technical. I'm not going to tell you like it's a wood horse day and then it's a fire pig month. 

No. Okay. I give you something like, like, okay. 

20th of September, 2025. That kind of information. Are you guys okay? All right. 

So now why, why this is so important compared to anything else for the fourth quarter here is because I want, I want you to know this part first, because everything we do in metaphysics, we are not going to aim for like short-term thing, right? We don't want to feel good at this moment. And then in the end, it doesn't help you to solve the actual cost. I realize that a lot of people, they like to solve problems. 

How many of you like to solve Of course, if you already have problems, we like to solve it. But 80% of the people, they solve problems by changing the way they feel. There's this one, a few good, for example, we hit your boss right now. 

And your way to solve those problem is to what is to resign. Okay. So, or if you are in a big argument with your boss right now, the most natural thing in most of the people is, okay, I resigned. 

I hate my boss. I cannot take it anymore. Right. 

So, and what you are actually solving, are you solving problem? Yes. In a way, but you just change your strategy is to change how you feel at that moment, because you're not feeling good. You feel happy when you tend the resonation, you feel happy by observing the shocking expression from your boss. 

Right. And that feeling probably lasts you maybe one month, and then you have no job. You look for a new job and you discover, you'll find another new boss, that same person, but different name.

How many of you encountered those scenario before? It's the repeating cycle. There is a different name, but almost the same person. Right. 

But let me ask you how many times you can change. Right. Some of us here attracted to the old, maybe all the time attracted to the same love companion and you're wondering why. 

Right. So therefore it doesn't solve the problem. If you only, you know that the reason your boss don't like you, maybe because you, you're not very open to new ideas. 

And if you fix it, that is a real way to solve problems because you know the cost. Yeah. Just same like money. 

Right. Some people that solve the problem, their financial problem by borrowing more from the bank. So they look good in social media. 

They post their traveling photos, the new cars put a nice upfront. So they feel good. Oh, I'm not that bad after all, but actual, uh, in reality behind the scene, yeah, it's not doing well. 

Right. But some people, they don't buy new cars first. They don't show anything. 

You know, they're just behind the scene. They work hard. They learn how to create more wealth that is solving the cost. 

Okay. So today is the same. You know, that we don't look at just one or two months. 

We look at throughout at least two to three years forward. Okay. So two to three years focus, which means that one thing happened the next two years. 

Uh, if you follow some of my webinar before you've been, I think you also, uh, hear me saying that it's not a pretty, uh, year is a chaotic year. Yeah. Let me show you this.

I think this is not something, uh, new to you. If you're a beginner, just to let you know, this is a period of time where there'll be volatility. So now why you might think I wasn't why, why is volatility? How do you derive those information? Uh, from it is because period nine is a period or energy transition from 2024 to 2043. 

These are the period governed by fire element. Okay. Fire element is an element that is chaotic, unstable. 

They can even burn the forest. Okay. Depends on whether it's a candle flame or then it can light up the room. 

So, but it can become chaotic. It can burn everything down. So, which means these are the period of renewal. 

Okay. So renewal means that once everything being destroyed or obliterated, okay, so whatever it is, you destroy, what is the next thing to happen? Rebirth, right? Things starting new again. So you discover in period nine, uh, there'll be a lot of things being transformed, or you can say transformation. 

Yeah. So, or it's the end of something, and then there'll be a lot of renewal. So a lot of people think it's a bad thing. 

Yeah. But if you are the part of the winning, you destroy the bad, you welcome the new. Don't you think it's better? It's good thing. 

Okay. If you actually attended some of my paid period nine class, I think during big reset, how many of you here attended some of my previous period nine class? Okay, good. So I, if I'm not mistaken, I thought so many period nine classes before.

If I remember correctly, it's in the big reset class. I showed a graph, okay. The energy of period nine, and that is a spike in 2026 and 2027. 

Okay. So, but I teach that class is like what, 2020 during pandemic time. And now, yeah, that is, uh, I, I did share the trajectory of the energy.

And one point that, because that time is not that important because that time is like what, five years ago. So normally we don't pay attention what is happening five years after, but I did show that that's the changes of energy around 2026, 2027. I also tell them that I told them, I told them that time that this other period, you can make a lot of money if you're prepared.

Okay. If you still remember, but now fast forward five years, here we are, we are in 2024 right now. And one is the thing here is like this. 

Let me show you this part again. Yeah. Period nine is about fire, volatile, a lot of reset happening. 

And now the next thing here is let's look at the year. Okay. Period nine starting in 2024. 

All right. It's where the new cycle coming in. And then 2025, here we are right now, uh, in the year of, uh, wood snake and in 2026 and 2027, there are fire horse and fire goat. 

So you know, that horse itself is already a fire element, right? And goat itself is already a fire element by itself, but it just happened one more time. It's become a fire horse and fire goat some more. So is it a small fire or big fire? Big, right? So big fire. 

And this is a fire, pure fire pillar. Okay. Only two, uh, if you learn Pazer, there are only 60 pillars. 

Two out of 60 pillar is very powerful because they are pure fire element. I'll need to remember this. So therefore, in order to see this to repeat again, how long you need to wait another 60 years. 

Okay. And if you want to backtrack to also, uh, to six years ago, you also can see it, but why this time again, more attention, because if you look at periods, it could be different period, but to get this two element at period nine, because period can come from one to nine and only one period governs fire, which is period nine. So to see the two pure fire element years in the period nine, it took you like 180 years.

Okay. To complete the whole cycle. So therefore, is it rare? How many generation can happen in 180 years? Huge. 

So in a way we live in a fortunate period. I mean, all of you here that able to witness this transformation. So the next two years will be very interesting. 

Yeah. Therefore, that's why these are, yes, it's chaotic. It's unstable. 

Yeah. But it also a sign of transformation. You become stronger, renew and rebirth. 

Okay. That is the whole game in these two years. That's why, that's why I created Born for Wealth. 

Yeah. Some of you asked why I do it in 2025 October, because of these two years, because we look at long-term. Then how about today bonus? Today bonus is to help you to get prepared for next year. 

And because you know that all of us here might not have the same pattern chart. Some of you still complaining your pattern chart. How come I got this element? I don't like that. 

Right. So therefore this, this today's session is to give you certain dates so you can install energy first. Of course, good energy. 

So you can actually take more advantage of the upcoming year. And even now, because now already in the, under the wealth portal. So you insert with new energy first. 

How about that? You get the unfair advantage. You don't want to get the leftovers. All right. 

So you might thinking, right? Hey, if I do it in November or December, what happened? You still can. All right. Because it's still in the wealth portal, but you just get leftovers. 

Who want leftovers? Yucks. Right. We want the first dish. 

Yeah. The fresh dish. So you want to any, it could, it couldn't be anything fresher because it's only started in 7 September and the good dates among September only happens starting at 20th of September. 

Okay. So there's some of you might think I was in 13 already few days after, but does not matter because the good days, the first one later, which I'm going to tell you is forced on 20th of September. Okay. 

So now how do we do this here? If you, let me show you this first for you to better understand. If you look at this, this two-year fire horse and fire good is actually is the curse of the crimson horse and the red good. Okay. 

This is just a term to make it more mysterious, to make it more powerful. Basically they are referring to this two years. Okay. 

Let me show you again. 2026 and 2027. So right now, today we want to do something to get prepared. 

And I discovered that one thing, that's a wealth portal. I think most of you already know is starting from September until December. If you don't know now, you know, so just to give you some background here, me, myself, I like to track portal. 

How many of you have this hobby? I actually plan out the planning. I study, I calculate the elements. I know exactly when the portal open. 

Okay. Of course there are some of it are wealth portal. Some of them are fat portal. 

Okay. Fat portal mean that you do something with those portal open, you can gain weight on it. Some people don't know, right? How long suddenly I gain weight? Maybe you accidentally activate fat portal. 

And that is not what I'm going to discuss today. Okay. So to tell you, I have this strong interest in defining, finding all these portal.

And the first one I actually located is in 2017. And that's a huge portal at that time. And that's the time I resigned from my corporate job. 

Okay. End of 2026 and 2017. So that time I worked in an IT company. 

It's a listed France company. I think one of my ex-colleagues is also here today. Her name is Celine. 

She's still working there. Okay. But yeah, so, and, and for me, I transited from that company. 

I make a tough decision. I become, I start my own thing and it's hard for me because I'm not, I'm not someone that have a lot of courage. I'm risk averse. 

Some of you here similar. You think too much, you think too much and you end up, you don't have the courage to make decision. Yeah. 

That was me. Okay. Well, it doesn't work out. 

Right. I got, I got so many commitment. How do people see me? You know, so many things happening, but at that time at the right portal, I just make the decision and you, you know why. 

And a lot of people ask me, Hey, I was in what went through your mind at that time to make a big decision in your life. Okay. So, and how do you motivate yourself? How do you talk to yourself internally? And I can tell you all this inspirational story. 

Yeah. But if I, I always direct with people, I don't want to motivate them. I start telling him what is happening for me at that time. 

That time I just do it. I also don't know. Have you been in a time you just do something without asking too much? You've asked me, am I confident doing that? No, but I also not afraid. 

So I saw like in the middle, I just do it. It never occurred to me. I will fail or I will be successful. 

I don't know that. So those are the time where the influence of Pazza might break loose a little bit because my Pazza chart, I'm a direct wealth structure. I'm very secure person. 

Everything make any decision, especially related to career or money. I need to think like 10 times, but at that time, my thought is just clear. I just made the decision. 

Of course, a few months after that, I feel a bit regret. Yeah. Because when you start something, always there'll be a down time, right? I said, Oh my God, why I made that decision? But during the portal activation, you are clear.

And, but looking back right now, I'm glad that I did. So at least right now I can do something that I like. I realized I was a programmer and nowadays I realize that IT, AI can replace, I would say 80% of a programmer job. 

If I was still stuck there, I might need to pivot a little bit. Agree? So now moving forward here, that is the first portal I tried. I made a decision and 2020 also another portal. 

That's why I created Period 9 program in 2019. And then another one is in 2024, the first quarter of 2024. The 2020 is the pandemic part, right? Because the activated, it gives you a runway to actually able to thrive during pandemic time. 

2024 first quarter, because the Period 9 come. And after 2024, now the next portal here is 2025. And this portal is a bit short, September to December. 

Okay. Just to give you some background here, how do we track the portal? One of the way is you're using Qimen. Okay. 

I'll be quick here because I mentioned this before. So in any year, there'll be an energy coming. So now it's 2025. 

Okay. So in 2025, wealth portal always come from the life door. Okay. 

So you see a life door here, right? Okay. So life door here. And when you see a death and emptiness means it's closed.

And which means the portal is closed, but is it a powerful portal? Yes. Why? Because it come with the chief. You see a chief here. 

So anytime you see a chief is sort of like 10 exit, but no use because it's in death and emptiness. So the way to unlock it is to wait for the right time. We cannot unlock it at will, because this is a, cause more energy in bigger than any one of us.

So therefore we look at the theory of opposite is here. So which means the West box. So now when we look at the West box, let me just, when we look at the West box is I highlighted here.

Okay. West box. So if you learn metaphysics, West box is September. 

That's where we are right now. And this energy will extend until December. So let me just give you a September is here.

October, November is here. Here is December. So the portal runway here is formats. 

Why? Because after you reach January in the North is is earth element of counter water is stop the bottle. Okay. Otherwise, if not, then you still continue. 

But I think four months is good enough. Make sense? So you can also see that, right? Since the powerful portals in the East. All right. 

So your bottle is in the East. So which means that you see a lot of development or the portal in the East area. So you see a lot of, I would say progress in China country.

Do you see that guys? Because East is the portal, right? Yeah. You see how the growth so fast in terms of EV industry, the overtake Tesla. So many things happening. 

You see a lot of development happen on that because the life portal is in the East area. Okay. So now if you also can see that since the energy well portal is highlighted here. 

So you know that, let me write here. This is metal, right? M here is metal, also metal here is water. So metal produce water until here is good. 

Until then meet the earth, the earth counter water is stops. So what can we tell from here? Also, if your chart got a lot of metal or water, you, you can actually able to discover more opportunity in this few months. How many of you, you have a strong or stable element of metal or water? Good. 

Okay. So you should already see it. Of course you need to do something, right? If I just say, no, I'm a stay at home husband. 

I do then no results because portal, you still need to walk into it. Agreed. So it's a doorway.

So this is okay. But so some don't have, don't worry. That's why we need to use today's dates to help you to bring forth the energy at will or by force. 

How many of you here want to force thing? You want to force something? Of course, right? If you don't want, I want to bring it forward by demand by hook or by crook, I must get it. So, you know, to get it, not the time, the date itself is not enough. You need the right time. 

Okay. Now you sort of understand the portal. All right. 

The, the portal here and the portal, why this is so important in this portal here, because you, you realize one thing, you know, if you into all this planet alignment, do you know that September month alone, you see a full lunar eclipse. You also see a partial solar eclipse two in the same month. Okay. 

Some of, if you don't know, it's fine. And it's normal because that is not what you do on, on your day job, right? So just to tell you eclipse, eclipse, there are two type of eclipse, lunar eclipse, and also solar eclipse. And in September, there are lunar eclipse and there are solar eclipse. 

Lunar eclipse is already past. It's like seven and eight of October, if I remember correctly. And then the, the solar eclipse comes in 21st or 22nd this month. 

Okay. So just to let you know, do not manifest in these two days. Yeah. 

21 to 22nd. I, you need to check where you are in the, in on earth location. Some of you here is 21st. 

Some of you are 22nd. So to be safe, just mark this today. That's good. 

You care about guys? I saw people, all right, they still need to search the longitude, altitude, whatever. Come on. Can you just stop? Just only two days only. 

I'm not asking you to stop eating, right? Just don't manifest. Yeah. Because during eclipse, during eclipse, the energy is not stable. 

Yeah. But eclipse also represent that rare cosmic reset. Yeah. 

Big reset happening. Okay. Don't you think this is what we are looking for? Guys? Yeah. 

A lot of people think eclipse is bad, right? Eclipse basically means a cosmic reset. Yeah. It clear the old, bring the new coming in. 

So don't you think even if we put Chinese astrology aside, do you see this also coincide with other event from, in the cosmic event? So it tell you this real portal even more powerful. Do you get it? Right. So happen at the same time. 

We, from Qimen, we say that it's a big reset, right? If I, if I show you back on the Qimen chart, September, okay. So you see, let me see. You see September, right? September is here. 

Do you see death door? Yes. Right. Death door means what? Not mean dying. 

It mean a reset. So it's also coincide. So therefore this, uh, the month death door in Qimen, death door represent cosmic reset. 

You want to learn Qimen, you write it down. Okay. Death door represent reset. 

In this case, it is a cosmic reset. Something, for example, the new you. Okay. 

Maybe all this day you like to sleep until 11 a.m. A new you, a new mindset. You wake up at 6 a.m. You go and exercise. Good enough. 

It's end of your bad habit. Okay. Or you're being surrounded with a lot of toxic people, toxic friends, who keep pulling you down, stopping you from moving forward. 

It's a time to unfriend them. Okay. So a lot of people don't like that, right? Yeah. 

They think all reset is bad. No. So therefore death door is not always a negative door. 

Yeah. Sometimes it represents something new. Yeah. 

Innovation or so a death or something and something new, something. Right. So you see it actually align. 

So now when we see this thing call inside this, make this period become more powerful. Think about this. When we look at the lunar, okay. 

Let me show you whether I see a God one or not. Okay. Let me show you this. 

This one quickly, you, this easy one is like, this is picture. So it seems like I'm teaching kindergartens is fine. So this is a lunar eclipse.

You know, moon itself don't have light, right? You need to reflect the light of the sun. So in this case here, since the earth stand in the way, you got lunar eclipse. Agree? Make sense? If you don't understand, it's fine. 

I just want to give some detail because today is not the normal free webinar. I want to give you some real stuff here. It'll be helpful if you want to deep dive into astrology later. 

So you know about this term Umbra and Penumbra, okay. This will make them look expert on it. Basically it's a shadow creator. 

Okay. So the shadow that you see here, if you look at sun eclipse, let's say I bring forward here and we look at some eclipse. Okay. 

Sun eclipse is like this. You are here. Go on. 

You're on earth, right? So sun eclipse means you cannot see the sun. The moon block it. So the moon stand in the way.

So when the light shine on through on earth, through the moon, don't you think this area is a shadow creator? That is the most yin energy. Sun is yang. Okay. 

So moon is yin, so here is the most yin energy. So therefore, have you heard about someone or someone say that don't go out during moon or sun eclipse? Have you heard about it? But not the whole world though. Depends on which area affected.

And the most yin is the darkest color. And why? So they say don't do any manifestation because it's the most yin. When is most yin? Because it's a cosmic reset. 

It actually release something or letting go of something. Because most of the time when we manifest, we want something in. Let's say you want to manifest a girlfriend. 

You try to manifest during solar eclipse, what will happen? Because solar eclipse say that it's letting go something, it's releasing something. So actually you're manifesting what actually? Tell me. Even your mind, you say I want to manifest boyfriend, I want to manifest girlfriend. 

You're actually letting that person out. Maybe you're supposed to meet this person next week, but somehow you don't get to meet this person because you manifest in the wrong time. Okay. 

Got it? Do you understand? Okay. So I want you to understand this. So otherwise you might think, oh, eclipse no good, eclipse no good. 

We don't know. Yeah. You just follow. 

We don't want that, right? We don't want anyone to have blind faith. So now you know the thing, the timing is important. And this eclipse happened twice in September. 

Therefore, this is a really big reset because during this time here, if you don't like if you don't like what you're doing, your life and everything, this month is the perfect month to initiate change. Okay. All right. 

So do you feel like you make sort of like a right decision to join today? Yeah. Because this is the only one class I talk about this. Only one. 

Okay. Those, I know some of you not able to join, they'll need to see the replay. Yeah. 

Hopefully when the replay out, you're able to, the date is there, but we try to work something out from there. But since you're here, remember this. Yeah. 

So you're going to reset something. September is the best month. So how do we actually pull this off? Okay. 

So you know that to in alignment, we need to align this thing here. We need to actually select certain dates because any, every time there's an eclipse coming, it will disrupt the flow. Yeah. 

So let me show you this again. This is from cosmic point of view. You learn this before, but now the tab, the heaven is a sun. 

Okay. It represent a sun because it represent a divine view cycle of time is the most Yang, remember? And therefore, when there is a solar eclipse, since they have the sun, it will happen, influence a macro thing like purpose, leadership, the big shift. So earth itself is earth. 

All right. It's self-explanatory. And the next one is the man. 

Man is a moon. Yeah. Because the, the, the moon does not emit light.

It just reflect the light from the sun. Therefore it reflect the heaven design. So therefore it affects someone emotion, someone relationship.

So in summary, what is the difference between solar and lunar eclipse? Solar, which means they cover up the sun. It means that it, it actually affect big things. Okay. 

Big things like what big cycle, your destiny, external opportunities. That is solar eclipse. Then lunar eclipse is the Yin. 

So it affect what? Letting go, feeling, your karmic weight. Yeah. So internal, your relationship, your emotion, how you feel. 

But this one, both also present, big shake up or not. All right. If you're talking about, about big things, the economy is most of the time is a solar. 

And you talk about how we feel our emotion and our karmic, our luck cycle internally, then it's a lunar. So this one have both, which means both also get resetted. Okay. 

So how do we make the question here is, it's more like, how do we benefit from this? It's true. Let me show you this. It's true.

You need to manifest during the wealth portal to get the benefits. Okay. So as I shared with you just now, whatever, it's not easy to select this date, by the way, I will explain to you how I actually select it, but it's, it's not that easy because there are difference between manifestation date and also portal manifestation date. 

Okay. If you learn Qimen, I will share with you later. So now let's test whether you remember or not. 

Just now I mentioned there are few boxes in Qimen that represent the starting of the wealth portal until the end, where it starts, the West box and it ends at North. Right. So let me bring up the diagram here.

So a wealth portal manifestation date has to have belong to any of this box. Or a relationship with this box makes sense. Yeah. 

So later I show you has to be related. Otherwise it's not a portal manifestation. This is extra information for some Qimen expert here. 

Okay. So later I show you step by step. Now I'm about, I'm about to give you those date first. 

Okay. So giving you date does not mean you know how to manifest. I know while I'm giving the date, some of you might ask, Hey Alvin Sun, how do you manifest? Do I sit down? Do I run? Do I sleep? Or can I eat while I'm manifesting? Can you hold that thought first? First step, you get the dates and the direction first. 

Are you guys okay? After I give you everything, then I'll go to one section specifically talking about how to manifest. Are you guys clear? You copy? I'm sure there'll be some in the chat will ask me, Hey Alvin Sun, is it backing or facing? Can you hold that thought first? Okay, good. Clear. 

So now let me show you the first date. Okay. But what, when I show you the date, I'm going to show on the screen.

You'll be okay. It'd be good if you can take a photo out of it on a date. So you need not to write it down. 

Okay. Now the first one we call this date is carefully hand-picked from the month of September. This is called the heaven gate of fortune.

So do we like this? How many of you like this? Heaven gate of fortune. Of course you like, right? Even if you don't like, you have to say like, otherwise I won't give you the date. Okay. 

Let me tell you, let me tell you what is this business. Okay. Heaven gate of fortune.

It represent the portal is open where the heaven aligned to new stream of income. So which means new opportunities. How many of you here want more new job opportunities? Or if you start a business, you want a great start to it. 

Yeah. Fresh opening, like starting a new job, new business, because this a heaven gate means you got the divine support. That is how powerful this date is. 

Okay. How many dates I'm going to give you today? Five. This is the first one heaven gate of fortune.

Okay. Now let me give you the date. Okay. 

Take a photo first. Now use your smartphone or screenshot, whatever to give us. So heaven gate of fortune, the first one falls on 20th of September, 2025. 

And the time is 5 AM until 5 59 AM back into Northwest. I haven't shared with you how to do it, but just capture this information. You can do a screenshots or you can actually just take a photo using your phone's easiest.

I know some of you do not take a screenshot. It's fine. Take a photo of it. 

Is it done? Okay. So, yeah, this is your local time. So you don't need to do any conversion. 

Are you guys clear? So it follows your local time. Okay. You want to celebrate Christmas, you follow your own Christmas date. 

You don't follow Malaysia Christmas date. Okay. Yeah. 

It's the same principle. So now, uh, one thing here, this date here only usable to all of you. Yeah. 

If someone right now next to you, picking your colleague, listening to you while you're watching this, your colleague, you're not able to benefit from this. Okay. I know some people, of course, not all of you here, some people that they make a pirated version of the video or they get down the dates that we sell it to other people. 

Okay. So it's illegal by the way. So even I don't know they do that, those dates they cannot use. 

Even they follow exactly the step at the right date at that time, they cannot use. Okay. Just to let you know first, you might think, Hey, I was saying, how do you do that? You want to know how I do that? Yeah. 

It's, it's, it's, it's more to protect stuff. Right. I don't like, I don't like Keith to steal, uh, my work, you know, respect of those people that actually, uh, actually get in here today. 

Right. Some people that like to steal and the way I do is like this. It's not that I'm that powerful. 

I use a comic day to select these five dates. Okay. All right. 

So I cut story short. That's the trick to do it to combat piracy. I need not to know your date of birth on a comic date. 

Okay. Of course you don't worry. Even you, even someone, if one of the teeth later watch this video, don't worry. 

I'm not that bad. Yeah. If you use that date, you won't get disaster.

Okay. It's just not useful to you today, which means you get zero results. Are you guys okay? But I decide I actually meet during the comic date. 

It's can be shared towards family member. Okay. That is a thing. 

So don't worry. So if you, you let your husband know, or you let your children know is that this is more dedicated to those people. I know some of them, they are also doing right now. 

Sometimes they actually buy my cause and then they're, they're, they're pirated and then they sell the info to other people. Okay. And those people that like all this, like $1, $2 thing, they go and buy. 

They don't see results, but don't worry. I do. I'm not a bad person that you curse you a bad luck. 

No, it's just no result. Are you guys okay? But not all of you here. All right. 

All of you here, you are legit. So I'm just telling you that there are ways to do it is I select the five days in a comic date that I selected to select this five days. And then I draw certain rules because at first I thought, right, those people that actually copy this illegally, they might get diarrhea or something, but finally I didn't do that.

Okay. So which means nothing happened. You just don't get results using this date.

Okay. Now this is something I do because I realized all my work, just to tell you a lot of my causes, they put it, they're pirated. They could, they put in this e-commerce software or like e-marketplace. 

Yeah. Of course we have lawyers to go after them, but we also don't support this kind of behavior. So I, on my part is the best I can do. 

All right, cool. But even to share your families is fine. Right. 

That I didn't mean, I only say that those people that do this with illegal part. Okay. Don't worry. 

Don't worry. Now, and now the, the first one just now, I just show you again, just in case you miss out. Okay. 

This one, heaven gate of fortune is about what? It's about great beginning, starting something, a fresh opening. Yeah. Very good for starting a new job, starting a new businesses, which means that you got the support.

You got the green light from the universe. Okay. Nice. 

Okay. So now do you want to know how this date being selected or not? Do you want to know? Okay. But if you say yes, I'll share some technical part. 

If a beginner, you take it as a learning process. Okay. Even you don't know everything is fine. 

Eventually you will, but you don't need the understanding to use the date later. Okay. So now I'm going to show you the 20th of September 5 a.m. chart. 

Okay. These are the chart. Okay. 

Let me tell you why it's Northwest. Because if you learn Feng Shui or metaphysics, when they say heaven gate, Ti Mu, it always resides in the Northwest. How many of you here, you learn some metaphysics before, especially Feng Shui. 

When we say heaven gate, where the heaven gate is? Yeah. Northwest, right? Yeah. It's a Qian Gua, later heaven Qian. 

So if you want to use a heaven gate of fortune, the first criteria Northwest is the box. Okay. Cool.

If you don't know, it's fine. All right. So now let's move on to the chart again. 

Let me show you how it's being derived. Okay. Since it's in Northwest, do you like what you're seeing here? Guys, do you like? Okay. 

First of all, when I say fresh opening, new opportunity, portal opening, don't you think it's here? Yeah. It's a gate of fortune, right? So the Northwest box already a heaven gate. It's already a heaven gate. 

If you don't know, now you know. If you've practiced Feng Shui before, you know, team mood. Okay. 

The gate need to be open. Agree or not? So don't you think we need an open door here, guys? Yeah. Let's talk about common sense. 

You need not to know metaphysics to know you need the portal or the gate to be open first. What if this is the delusion door? Will it still work or not? No. Because delusion is a closed door, right? So we need that.

So now there's an ambassador, you know, ambassador is about wealth opportunities. Okay. And then Bing and Wu form a flying bird. 

So it gives you what? It gives you the divine support because this is like things fall into your lap. So open means starting something. And then you've got the great head start in the heaven gate.

Okay. And then if you learn Qimen before, you know, sneak is belong to fire element. Okay. 

So because now the portal open for the next two years is fire. So sneak represents continuity. So you can bring this energy forward. 

Do you like this? Okay. Powerful. Yeah. 

We like a lot of people like surging snake, right? You also don't know surging snake actually represent continuity. If you subscribe to Netflix, subscription on monthly basis also a surging snake. Okay. 

So we want the snake to carry good energy forward. So this box contain the heaven gate contain so many good energy. So now that is where we go to actually use it this way.

Okay. Some of you ask, can I use a day or hour chart? We use hour chart. Okay. 

We need to be precise. Day chart is the energy is not focused. Yeah. 

You need to crack the code to the wealth portal. You need to have a precision here. And one thing I'm not sure whether you realize or not.

Don't you think the box I selected also belong to the boxes I highlighted from September to December just now. You also notice that. Okay. 

That's what I mentioned portal dates. They either belong to West, Northwest or North. Or if it's not, it has to be have some relation to it. 

For example, like early, later haven't occurred to. Okay. But now it's direct in the Northwest because you want it. 

And if you learn Yijing or, you know, some form of Yijing, you've got this big livestock hexagram here. What does big livestock means? A lot of assets. Yeah. 

Because this is a, this is a, where the Genggua carry the Qian. So in the image of a cave inside a lot of treasure. Yeah. 

So do you like all the element inside here guys? Type the word yes. If you have, or let's say, I don't know what you're talking about for the last 10 minutes. Because I'm just new. 

It's fine. What you need to know. Only this. 

Okay. You see, you know, 20th September, 5am to 5.59am Northwest. What to do? You don't know yet, but you get this.

You already will get the benefits later. Okay. Good. 

So this, remember, gift of fortune, always opening something. Yeah. Divine support, fresh opening. 

It's not something that you already starting for like two years ago. Yeah. But since we all just use it, even if you're not starting something. 

Okay. Yeah. Because there's always a formal part, right? If you're missing out, if your neighbor also attended this class and he's using it and you're not, you feel incomplete, you're imbalanced. 

Right. So therefore now we know it, right? So which means even you're not starting something right now, can you still manifest? Can you? Yes. Okay. 

Because as a surging snake, you can actually bring forward. Who knows a month or two from now, maybe after attending one for wealth, you want to start something. Okay. 

So just remember those information first, how to use it. I'll tell you later. Okay. 

Can you guys, okay. Can you hold back first? I know some of your question, like Esther. Okay. 

All right. Good. So now I'm just giving you the details. 

Now the, the second one. Okay. The second one I want to share with you here is called a dragon awaken the ward. 

So basically this mean awaken, because you know, whenever you want to create wealth, the person is important. Okay. The how you can look from chat GPT, you can look from Google, how to make money. 

But if you're a wrong person, maybe you're lazy, you'll keep complaining. It's not going to work. Or you haven't utilized your talent. 

Agree or not? I think about this, right? Someone that is a billionaire right now, even if you strip away all his assets, within few years, they're able to make it back. You guys agree. It's always the person, no matter where you go, giving him like two to three years time, you're able to make the fortune back. 

So the person is important. So this date here, what we say, the dragon awaken the ward means that, you know, it awakens something within you, potential within. Yeah. 

This one is like a dragon wake up, the dragon breathe. There's a long dormant treasure inside that he's hiding. The dragon is hiding. 

Right. So just imagine a sleeping dragon guarding the treasure chest. One day the dragon wake up and then reveal what has been hidden.

Okay. Hidden could be your skill. Okay. 

It could be contacts or resources you didn't even realize. For example, your talent. Maybe you're someone, you're a great investor, but you didn't realize all this time. 

So by using later on, after giving you the dates, later on, you're going to manifest. You somehow, you're able to discover what is within you, your talent or hidden opportunities or hidden strength that you've been, you've been overlooked all this while. So basically it represents potential opportunities that is hidden right now or forgotten opportunities. 

Okay. All right. So now let me show you the date first. 

23rd September. The time was also the same 5am until 6.59am. I know some of you might thinking what to do during that hour. Later I'll show you. 

Okay. Just remember this is northeast. The first one is northwest. 

This one is northeast. Okay. All right. 

So take a photo, take a screenshot. Once you're done. All right. 

Now look at the achievement chart. Okay. The achievement chart here on that hour is comprises of this. 

So now if you look at here, if you, I just explain the technical part a little bit here, this, this chart here, you have ambassador. Ambassador is always wealth mindset because ambassador represent thinking and then earth represent treasure. Okay. 

It's treasure here. And then the rest door represent royalties and also a form of wealth or connection. Remember just now it uncover certain connection, or maybe it's your good friend or someone, your old friends, you didn't contact recently. 

Then breast store represent context. So this is mindset and then the earth represent assets or opportunities. So you have all of this. 

And one thing here, if you look at this, do you realize that every time you need to awaken something, because town is hidden, right? You want to awaken the bottom and the top has to be the same. So is the same means something going up. Okay. 

Stable on earth. Like you learn Pazer, if your hidden wealth is at the bottom, the year you see the wealth on top, that's where it will rebuild. Right? So the same concept applied to achievement. 

So it's actually going to the top. You start to realize so many things. Okay. 

You discover everything become clear to you. And if you look at the Pazer chart of this hour, your Yin wood, your self element, right? Is here. Do you see another two Yin wood coming up? Do you see three Yin wood at the same time? Okay. 

Yeah. So someone say this is a Fu Yin stamp. No, Lily, this is not a Fu Yin stamp.

Okay. Fu Yin stamp, top and bottom need to be the same. Okay. 

All right. So now you see three here. So the Yin wood strong or not? Yes. 

They're able to gain clarity for whatever they're having. Okay. They got three out of four. 

It's good. So in the technical term, they call this the same Gua formation or Yat Gua Sun Qing. Okay. 

All right. Again, Lily, there are no Fu Yin stamp. Only pillars that have Fu Yin. 

Okay. So now understand this. So therefore this is great for awakening. 

Finally, they see things clearly. They know what they have. So that some of you able to hit enlightenment because this hexagram is a bliss hexagram.

Okay. Things become clear because bliss is an education hexagram. Yeah. 

You have no knowledge right now. Everything become clear. And the thing here is like this. 

You might wonder, okay, I will say, but this is not part of this box, right? Remember this three boxes of portal is not part of the box. Why? Why we need to use this box to activate the portal is because this box is Geng Gua. Do you know that the later heaven of Qian is Geng? Yes. 

Yeah. If this is for someone who learned early and later heaven, if you learn Feng Shui, you know, later heaven of Qian is what? Geng Gua. So do they have early and later heaven relation? So therefore it's part of the family group. 

Now just remember Qian Northwest, early heaven is Li, later heaven is Geng. So this Geng means that they are in later heaven relationship. So it's connected. 

So therefore we can use this box. Make sense? Okay. If you're new, you don't know what I'm talking about. 

It's fine. You just need to do what? Remember this. Okay. 

Let me clear this. Okay. It's called awakening. 

What is internal or lost opportunities you want to discover back on earth or this thing? How many of you here need hidden strength, hidden talent, or certain resources you don't realize you have? Now, maybe there's someone, some of your friends are really capable and rich right now, and you're reluctant to talk to them because you feel, okay, I don't like to use people. I've got integrity. Some people have this principle, but I've not asked you to use them. 

I just talk to them. All right. Have some conversation. 

You might discover something you can do here. So therefore anything related to hidden, hidden resources, hidden talent, hidden opportunities. Okay. 

So this is the purpose of the dragon awakening the world. Okay. Clear? So far, you guys. 

Okay. I just gave you two days and two days actually can do a lot of wonders. Type the word. 

Yes. If you understand, if you don't understand, just copy the date is still fine. All right. 

Okay, cool. So now this do is already can do wonders. And now let me show you the next one. 

The third one is this, the Phoenix of Fire of Renewal. Okay. This is another date is super important. 

Okay. This one is like this. I think you guys right now, by now should know 2026 and 2027 is not a pleasant year. 

Although it's a good year, but it comes with challenges. Agree on my problems. You always that I don't care who you are.

As long as you're alive, there'll be problems. A lot of people think, oh, I was a problem because you know, metaphysics. No, I still have problems. 

I'm going to deal with probably more than every one of you. Okay. Metaphysics help you to solve problems faster and make you always solve a better problem. 

Yeah. That's why you learn metaphysics. But if you don't go to learn metaphysics is to eliminate all problems, it's not possible. 

Only one type of people don't have problems. Those staying in cemetery right now. Okay. 

Yeah. But we don't want the same problem. Repeating agree on that. 

We want a better problem. Okay. For example, if you are a speaker last time, your problem is to filling the seat right now is a problem, right? But once you progress further, you become successful. 

Your problems now is yeah. You have so many people want to attend your class. You need to find a bigger room, a bigger auditorium or bigger hall. 

And that is also a problem, right? But it's a better problem is a good problem. So that's how metaphysics help us to get that. Okay. 

This will give a right mindset here. I don't expect on no problem. Everyone will have problems. 

So now the Phoenix fire of renewal is throughout all this chaos in 2026 and 2027. Beside this, you're able to rise stronger. How about that? As you know, Phoenix, right? To the two year of fire, you turn fire, you turn into ashes. 

And later on the Phoenix, you saw again. All right. So that rise from ashes. 

So this date here had this ability to thrive, to have transformation, true fire, true chaos, true challenges on past struggles without giving up. And in the process, they find great opportunities. If you want this, type the word yes. 

Okay. But this one can be pain. But even you don't use it, also painful, right? The year is chaotic, but this one you win after it. 

Okay, good. So now, but I want you to know it's painful, right? Even you don't use it, it's also painful already, but might as well using it. So now let me show you the date first. 

Capture this. Phoenix fire of renewal. These are the dates, 24th set. 

Okay. Then this time are more practical here. So start the hour is way early in the morning, right? This one is from 3 PM to 4.59 PM.

What are you going to do with the hour? Later. Okay. This is south.

Okay. Take a photo, take a screenshot. Okay. 

Five seconds. Five, four, three, two, one. Done. 

Once you know this, okay, let me show you the achievement chart. Why I select this date here. Okay. 

Why is in the south? You know south is what element? South is what element? Fire, right? So you know, you also know 2026 and 2027 is also fire year. If you want to take advantage of it, you want to be the same element with them. You guys agree. 

You don't want to counter them. You don't want to be countered by them, right? Same element friend, you're able to benefit, right? So you are the friend with certain like president or top guys in a company, you get benefits. So does it make sense? We also choose fire element box and basically metaphysics is common sense. 

So the more we understand what we want to achieve, we just mix and match. Okay. So now we come with this already. 

And now once we selected the fire box, so we can able to benefit from the fire, the Phoenix, remember fire burn into ashes, transform into a Phoenix. So now we come with a harm dog. Do we need a harm dog? Harm dog represent problems, pain, basically uncomfortable situation.

You need that because they need to burn into ashes to be, to turn into the rise above the ashes, right? So chaotic year, we need a harm dog. So when the harm dog with you, you are resilient. You don't give up easily. 

You have fighting power. You know, the harm dog is a dog of hunting, right? Yeah. The ability to fight back, to protect, to attack. 

If you don't have this energy, you give up because if you don't do, if you do nothing, you are not safe. It doesn't stop other people to attack you, right? So for example, some people say, I'd like to play politics in office, but it doesn't mean you're safe. Yeah. 

People might attack you politically agree or not. So you must have that fighting power to go through this, to rise and don't worry because you have a chief with you, he protects you. And then you have assistant star. 

Assistant star represent intelligent. A lot of people think the harm dog represent courage attack, right? It only used to when you are smart. Imagine you are very courageous, but you're stupid. 

Is it a good combination? No, you end up very impulsive. You do a lot of things that you might regret later, right? So now you learn one new thing. Harm dog you can use with the assistant star. 

Then now you are brave, yet you're intelligent. When you're intelligent, you know when to attack, when you need to hold back. Agree or not? So assistant star represent intelligence. 

So do we like the harm dog with assistant star? Yes? Yes. Okay. So we also like this. 

So now if you look at here, this one also, we have great structures here. And then we have this sin metal. Sin metal is good because sin metal represents something beauty. 

And because it's come with the chief, this sin metal become useless. Okay. So this is because phoenix look beautiful, right? So therefore, this will be able to help you to go through challenges and go on top because you have a and you're smart, you have assistant star. 

And you have fighting power. Okay. How many of you are like this? Okay. 

Okay. Good. By having this formation, you won't get bullied.

Okay. People don't dare to mess with you. Okay. 

Yeah. If you do this, they don't manifest your, your eyebrow. Very likely you'll be turned into like this. 

Okay. You're angry 10 to 4, 7. Okay. Now you see, right? A lot of people realize that harm dog is bad. 

No, it depends on the combination. Yeah. Because a harm dog mixed with the assistant star is a good harm dog. 

First of all, both also good element and also form an increasing hexagram. Okay. You're able to multiply your reward. 

Okay. Let me show you the increasing hexagram. That is the increasing hexagram. 

Okay. Cool. So this is the, this is a good thing here. 

Okay. More lastly, harm and hard is good combo. This one, that one, you need to see what situation you're in because hard is a metal, harm is a wood. 

So it's a metal chalk wood. If you're going through training, like weightlifting, probably you can use that combo. Mona, I'm actually replying to one of the student we have here. 

If you look at the chat box, Mona asking harm and hard is good. That one, I would say depends because after all is still a crushing element. Okay. 

All right. But if you use it for a body, a weightlifting, that one is a combo you can use because you're still torturing, right? Because you, you, you, you live with, so the heart is healed. And then the harm door is you, you actually torture yourself. 

So true torturing yourself, you become stronger because the heart is healing. The muscle will heal, become bigger, right? So you can use that for weightlifting. Okay. 

Mona, understand? Okay. So do you see achievement interesting? You can mix and match that way. Yeah. 

But for the harm and assistant is better in a way that both element is good. So there are no crash. Okay. 

Now, um, are you guys okay so far able to follow or you are okay with just three is equally powerful already. You want more type of work? Yes. Okay, good. 

Now the fourth one, this is also one of my favorite being a lazy person I am. So now there you go. Golden river of flow. 

Okay. Let's appreciate the scenery first. I know this is not an art class. 

So what do you see? The, the, is it the river here is, is fast gushing water or is sentimental moving water? Yeah, it's not a flowing about is flowing smoothly, curvy water, and it's flowing to you. Okay. So golden river basically means money. 

Okay. So now if we look at here, this formation, which I about to show you soon, this like wealth energy flowing like water, bringing opportunity to you with ease. Okay. 

Just like the curvy water, right? The wealth flows to you, bring you abundance and ease. So therefore it represent effortless flow. Okay. 

So attracting resource money and opportunity with less struggle. Do you like this? You spend one hour working, you make 10,000. Another person spend the whole day just to make 5,000.

That's why I'm telling you, this is my favorite. How come you are so lazy? You are lazy, you want to do something else, want to enjoy life, right? Life is not just working. Come on. 

Right. That one is a, that one is temporary, right? So we want to have time. That's what we call life, right? Able to experience different things. 

So therefore, we did this, for example, like if you are running an online business, you make money while you're sleeping, right? Guys, because if your customer is around the world, different time zone, while you're sleeping, you're dreaming, or you're enjoying watching Netflix, would it be cool? There's a notification pop up from your phone saying that new order coming in. Do you like that feeling? If you run online business, you're selling something online, you know what I'm talking about. And the moment you wake up, oh, another 20 orders coming in while I'm sleeping.

Okay. So that is effortless. Of course, before to get there, then you do something first, but we like things, we get things easier. 

Okay. You want to confess to someone, you don't want someone to say, no, definitely impossible to love you, you know, never, never in this lifetime and lifetime after also not possible. Or at least we want to answer like, okay, I'll think about it.

Easy, right? Or even better, that person proposed to you, not the other way around. Okay. So effortless. 

So in the Western world, we call this the law of attraction. You attract. Do we like to chase or we like to attract? Attract, of course, right? Because when you're chasing, you got hired. 

So therefore this is called the golden rule of law. So if you're at the type of person like me, you like something effortless, you want things flow to you smoothly, you want lighter, or you want opportunities to find you instead of you chasing them, you want momentum come to you. There you go. 

Okay. So now let me show you the dates first, to copy the date. Golden rule of law. 

Okay. This one is 27 Sep 2025. And the time is 11pm.

Okay. This one are shorter, only one hour, because we only can, because the red, they are early and late red. Okay. 

This one we're using the 11pm until 1.59pm only. Okay. The rest of the date, just now there are two hours, right? This one, the range only one hour. 

Pay attention to this. Okay. So remember the only one date to connect to this 27 September 2025.

Okay. Take a snapshot or screenshot, whatever, make sure you've got the date. All right. 

Cool. Okay. Five seconds here. 

Five, four, three, two, one. Okay. Good.

Once you have this, then let me show you the achievement chart. And even this goes without saying, if you know it's a river flowing, what is the best box to represent river flowing, something constantly moving? Of course water. And the only one box that water is in the bar. 

So water is the one. Okay. So, and you look at this chart here, you see rest door. 

Rest door means what guys? If you learn achievement, rest door represent retirement door, represent lazy, or represent easy, or sometimes do nothing, like what Shirley Loke say. And yet you still can get benefit. Okay. 

All right. So this is the one of the thing you want to actually look into this. So now the, when a rest door grass or so water, the grass also lazy one, you know, they always find the fastest way to do things.

Okay. So therefore they're also quite lazy, just like me. Okay. 

So this is the one, someone say that the time got typo. Okay. Let's revisit the slide again, where the typo is. 

Maybe you can correct it on the spot. Okay. So, okay. 

Which part of it got typo? Guys, can you, uh, enlighten me? Guys, guys, correct, right? Well, then you really need to manifest this one. This one, water. Water give you, Chinese say red time got two hours. 

Yes. They actually got two hours. Remember just I mentioned that early red and late red. 

And I also tell you, this is different. Normally it's two hours. This is one hour. 

Did I specifically mentioned that just now? Yeah. You must be not paying attention. Okay. 

Too much water in your chart. That's why you cannot focus. I specifically mentioned that because I know some people will tell me why one hours. 

I told them just now. Okay. Broad daylight, but yet some people not listening. 

Okay. Now are you guys clear or not? Okay. Guys, clear. 

Unanimous. Okay, cool. Now let's move back.

So now back to the grass and the rest door and why this rest door is super important because it's an envoy. Rest door is lazy. Envoy represent super lazy.

Sometimes it would be doubt the need to lift your finger. How about that? Yeah, 10x over lazy. I like that. 

And they tell me the grass is from a river because grass is an entrepreneur style because if you work for others, it's very hard for you to be super lazy, right? Entrepreneur, there's no way. There's no way to innovate, to automate so many things. So it gives you the entrepreneur mindset, the grass style. 

Even you're working right now, you think like entrepreneur. Very good. And of course, with chief, you know, it's good because it's easy because chief represent good luck. 

So do we like this or not? Okay. So easy, right? But it also must come with money, right? Easy, no money, also no use. You see roof on top.

Roof represent cash, right? You see bottom also cash. Top and bottom cash means strong cash flow. And do you know the color of earth element? Do you know the color of earth element? Of course, earth color. 

If you don't know, it's a safe answer, right? Earth represent brown color. We also can represent yellow. Okay. 

So don't you think this is the formation of the yellow river? Okay. Now you guys understand. And the north, is it part of the wealth portal box north? Yes.

So among the four, the dates, this is one of my favorite. If you miss out all the dates, don't miss out this. No one want hard life, remember that. 

Do you think people like to stuck in the traffic? They enjoy stuck in the traffic every day to work? No, they have no choice. Okay. So therefore, this gives you this. 

They are flexible. Yes. Strefano say there's a water hexagram. 

Yes, it form a water hexagram. Water hexagram represent flexible. They are not just follow the rules. 

I need to follow step one until step done. They say, no, the only one step. What is the step? Do nothing. 

Then everything will come. Okay. So like, I think some of your fans of Bruce Lee, I think he mentioned a one quote is like what? Be like water, my friend.

Have you heard about this? Because he say that a lot of people in a martial art, they're too focusing on techniques, fighting techniques. But to Bruce Lee, as long as I can beat the guy down, even with a simple punch, that is the best technique. Have you heard about that? That's what Bruce Lee say. 

Not I say. Bruce Lee say that. Yeah, he say that a lot of people, they keep focusing on this is a green dragon flying to the sky technique. 

They say no. As long as you beat the guy down with one punch, simple amateur look like a kid punch. As long as you beat the guy down, you are the best. 

So that is the water hexagram. If it's an earth, no, because earth, they cannot, they're not flexible. They follow what the boss tell them to do exactly step one until step done.

And earth is strong, normally they pay all the taxes. The good thing about them is like that, because they cannot, they only do exactly what being told. All right. 

Okay. Do you like this is this date? Cool. All right. 

Nice. Okay. How is it so far? Do you like all the dates here? Okay. 

One more to go. One more to go. Okay. 

Wow. So many love. Nice. 

Okay. Okay. One more time. 

Wow. So many. Good. 

Yeah. Maybe we can, we can, because when you're showing love means that you like the thing I prepared, right? Sometime when I prepare stuff, I also don't know whether you like it or not. I'm afraid it's too complicated to some of you, right? Since I see so many love, I think you like it, right? In what way? Even you're not liking, just pretend you like it. 

Okay. That's me. Okay. 

I'm a bit forceful that way. All right. Cool. 

So now I'm thinking, right? If I'm running a country, which in fact I did not, if I'm running a country, if I ever to have an election, I think the citizen, they can, they only got one candidate inside the paper. Only me. They are no competitor.

They have no choice. Even they don't like me, they need to select me only. That's it.

Okay. Yeah. So therefore if you don't understand, I treat it as yes. 

But so far I see a lot of yeses here that I think that is good. All right. Cool. 

So now the next one. Okay. The next one here is a more longer term. 

Let me show you this first. Let me show you the photos. Okay. 

The fifth one. Emperor's seal of prosperity. Okay. 

You know what a seal is? You know, if you're, if you're not, if you're not a Chinese, probably in the old days, the emperor's seal represent the mandate. Once your, once it's stamped, that is the law. Yeah. 

If you, now, now this is the bill that you sign. Okay. So therefore whatever written or whatever stamp on it become the law of the country. 

So is it important or not? Important. Okay. So it represent, because it's a seal represent authority, authority, they're able to stabilize something because law is to stabilize something. 

Right. So, but right now you're not running a country. There's nothing to stabilize the country. 

What are you stabilizing? Wealth. Okay. It's easy. 

I'm not saying easy. I would say it's not that hard to make money, but to sustain and growing it is hard. Make sense guys. 

Anyone can be lucky. They can make the first million, but to be able to make the next million and the next million consistently, that one is a hard, tough job. Okay. 

So therefore this seal here is able to actually so-called create generational wealth. I think nowadays people talking about this, right? I don't want to build wealth for this generation for the next one, or they want to take care of the whole family member and relatives. So this help you, your wealth to continue. 

So it become lasting. All right. You don't want to be one trick pony, right? Just only able to make it one time. 

Some of you say, what if you have no money? Okay. At least you able to sustain until your lifetime. All right. 

You can enjoy after retirement because a lot of people they are broke after they're retired. Yeah. Like in Malaysia, right? A lot of people think if I got 1 million after retired, I can live comfortably. 

Also depends how long we live, you know? Right. Most of the time it's not enough. So some of you say, what if I don't have family, then for you, extend it, or maybe family need not to be biological. 

It could be something you care about. It could be your community. You want to help social welfare, right? You want to build a charity foundation to extend your legacy. 

There are so many ways you can do it. Okay. The keyword here is stabilizing wealth. 

So it will last long term. Okay. All right. 

Cool. So this is not the for everyone, but I think it's super important because you know that all of us here, we're not able to work forever. When we're hitting a certain age, our energy will go lower. 

And then, yeah, sometimes we're forced to retire. Right. Yeah. 

So therefore, like me, so I cannot have the same energy to work like this forever. You know, when I was younger, one day I can do 13 consultations. One consultation lasts for one hour and I need not to eat lunch or dinner. 

I can go straight. Okay. But after that, I mean, are you crazy? If I do it now, I don't think I'm even able to go through half of it already. 

No energy. Very likely, I will slap the client. Not literally. 

Okay. Not literally. Okay.

So I think you also know, right? On certain age, you know that you cannot work on this. So you need a way, you need a system or a mindset or a strategy to grow it. Not only, you know, until you're 50 plus, only, oh, I realize how important it is. 

For example, investment. Yeah. This date here is part of that. 

Realize it, plan it well. So not a lot of people like this because most people, they do not think long-term. I agree a lot. 

They want money now. Oh, I want to make more money first. Yeah. 

But if you, if you make money now, you don't know how to grow it. You don't know how to put money aside for emergency fund, everything. In the end, you might feel burnout and in the end, you don't have money. 

I've seen that a lot of my clients. They're high flyers. They're corporate guy or girl. 

Yeah. They made a lot of money, but every month the expenses are super high. Yeah. 

They're only one month away from bankruptcy because they buy a big house, big cars, right? Yeah. So I wish that, you know, some people realize this early. Of course, I'm just one person. 

I cannot tell everyone. I don't have that power to do it. Yeah. 

But let's human do the job. All right. So if you're, if you already know this, you say, I wasn't, I know important of this. 

How about your family member you want to help? Okay. Share this gift with them. Now, the date. 

Let me share with you the date now. Okay. The Emperor's Seals of Prosperity. 

If you want to adopt the mindset, open up opportunities, then 29th, September 2025 is the date. Okay. This time with two hours and there's a typo day. 

Okay. So this one, I'm going to call it right now. Just give me a sec. 

Oh, I, I, I, I let you know, right, right now. This one. Can you guys take the photo again? Are you okay? It's a big hour. 

Okay. Just now, a typo. The first one is correct. 

9 PM to 10 59 PM. North. Okay. 

Take a screenshot or photo. Okay. Once you do this, let me, uh, let me show you the chart. 

Okay. So now you look at this box. Okay. 

First of all, if you learn Shiman, do you like this box a lot? Do you like this box? Yes. There's a light door of course is related. You have a ping and woo from a flying gate formation. 

Okay. All right. We have a light doorway color and then we have a ping woo. 

And then one, the reason I choose this box here, remember just now, the date just now is that MP, uh, the Emperor's Seal from the top. So if you learn, uh, Yijing, yeah, if you learn Yijing before they are one, uh, I would say, have you heard about one structure called Empyrean Force? How many of you here, you learn strategic execution before? There are what they are. They are nine forces. 

One of it is called an Empyrean Force. They are mortal force. And I mean, the fact, the name, you know, Empyrean Force is something powerful, right? Yeah. 

This one is you want the heaven to open favor to you. You need heaven approval, the seal we're talking about. So therefore to stabilize the wealth game, make things easy to go through. 

So it become lasting, so stabilize wealth. Okay. So to maintain success and even better grow to the next level and how the Empyrean Force being formed. 

Do you still remember the formula? Okay. If you see a pink fire on top, you see a wolf at below, which in fact, it's a conform. And, but not enough.

You must also see a live dog. Then it formed Empyrean Force. So in, in, in English, we call this because team is heaven, right? Empyrean Force. 

So this, uh, box conform to that. This is one of the most powerful structure because the ability to stabilize and gain wealth. And now do we need a destructor here? Destructor also Emperor, you know, because it's coming from the East, right? But the, this destructor here in the old days also represent police. 

Yeah. If you learn treatment, you look at destructor star, you represent military, represent police. So what are these people here for? To guard the wealth.

Not easy to be stolen away. Not easy to get scammed. Yeah. 

You check back. If you learn treatment, you check back. Then what is the meaning of destructor star? Okay. 

They are either a martial art or they are athletes. They are police, military officer, soldier, assassin, maybe. So if you couple with a black tortoise, maybe you make an assassin, but normally you don't.

So if this, if this, let's say this a police supposed to guard your wealth, do we need the wealth to be got to be long lasting? Yes. So we need the destructor star to be here. And then why we need a tiger? Tiger represent what? Strong aura, energy. 

Yeah. The moment you see them, you're already afraid. You don't want to find a security guard or police that look like a cat or Hello Kitty. 

Okay. Imagine, can you imagine a security guard or police? Yeah. They're full armor, but they look like Hello Kitty. 

It doesn't cut it, how can this cat protect the wealth? So you need the white tiger. When the white tiger come on destructor star, this is the commander general. You don't dare to steal their wealth. 

So that's what I call the imperial force. Let me show you again. The imperial force structure, pink sheet and light door, and with a very powerful police officer or army.

No one dare to come near. Okay. Just light. 

It's a demilitarized zone, like North Korea. Okay, cool. So I hope that explain the part clearly. 

Do you understand now how I derive this imperial force? Okay. So therefore, not all the time you use the imperial force, but when it come to something long-term powerful, you need that structure to do it. That part you learn from strategic execution. 

How many of you here attended strategic execution before? Okay. Some of you, right. So you come across imperial force. 

Yes. And now you know how we apply it. One of the way to apply this. 

If you haven't, it's fine. Now you learn something new. There's a structure called imperial force, but to create a structure is you need three things to comply three things. 

Remember just now, the pink fire must be at the top. The wolf must be at the bottom and also must have a light door to get it right. It's not easy to get. 

Okay. And the more importantly, even you get it, it must be four belong either West, Northwest or North box because we need to connect to the wealth portal. We don't just simply find the structure. 

Oh, that's one. It has to be right position. Okay. 

So now what you, the deeds that you know, yeah, is something that's super powerful. Yeah. I think painstakingly, I think a lot of time and also slide that. 

Remember I told you the comic date you had to choose all this. And yeah, now this all now return to you. Okay. 

I want, I'm nine. You can use it. Okay. 

Do you like the five days I told you just now, how much do you think this five days worth to you? Okay. Keep it. Yeah.

But don't worry if you pass to someone, the person will not be able to benefit it, except it's a family member. Okay. All right. 

Good. This is to respect all of you here, right? You make an investment for this, you get this. And then some people, they just take advantage of it. 

And then they make money off it by selling all this is actually illegal. Yeah. But I don't want to go after them. 

Of course, let the lawyer do it, but for my side, I can use treatment. Low-gum say extended family can, of course can. Okay. 

I was a compassionate person, right? Not just immediate family. You think too much. Okay. 

Friend, close friend is fine. Some people that use it for commercial reason, only that they don't have effect because I make it very clear. Okay. 

All right. Good. Now I teach you how to use it. 

Now you've got the date, you've got the, uh, the direction. So let's use the date number four. Once you know, know it, you can apply the, it's the same techniques you can apply to all of them.

Now let's talk about the one that our student favorites or all-time favorites, effortless wealth. So the golden rule of law. And now this first step, first step here, of course, you've, you need to look for the date, 27th of September. 

Okay. At this, within this timing, which mean only give you like one hour time. So now the North, the North means that during this date and this time you sit down, pardon me, my drawing is bad. 

So let's say this is your eye. So you back to the North. So technically you're facing South. 

Do you guys follow? Okay. Marina say cute drawing. Thank you. 

It could be improved better next time. So do you understand? So when you're facing South, you're backing to the North. So the direction I'm giving you on all the five dates is the direction to back, not face. 

Are you guys clear? Yeah. It's to back. So, so it's backing. 

So now the next question here is any sector in the house you need not to, you can sit anywhere in the house or your friend house, library, fitness center, as long you're on mother earth. If you ask me, can I do this in the moon? I don't know. I haven't tried yet. 

Okay. As long as you're on mother earth, you'll be working. All right. 

I know some of you say, but I'm the Southern or Northern hemisphere. It does not matter. You stick with this direction. 

You don't change on the plane. Okay. Wait until you landed, because if your plane changed course, you might face a different direction and then you screw up the whole thing. 

And then suddenly maybe you've got more armpit hair. That is, could be the side effect. Okay. 

All right. So I think some of you, right, you don't, you're not asking, but you try to ask some funny question, but don't worry. I am able to entertain them. 

Okay. All right. So cool. 

So do something that you can control the direction. Okay. Helen asks, are we looking for the money flying star when choosing sector? No, because the sector is not required. 

Yeah. The sector is not required guys. Only direction matters. 

Okay. So now, so far, first step, look for the date. And then you sit down back to the direction, like just now, the golden river of flow back to the North, right? So technically you're facing South. 

So once you sit down, what you need to do, you just sit there for one hour, do nothing. Nah, just joking. What you need to do is like this. 

Now, you know, this is river of flow, right? So what is the theme of this? I try to test your memory, whether you pay attention. What is the golden river of flow? What is the keyword? A track? Yes. Correct. 

Effortless? A flow? Correct. Yeah. This has to be something easy. 

You don't manifest. I'm going to work for 24 hours, non-sleep using this direction. Wrong frequency, the energy cannot understand you. 

Okay. You need to think like a lazy person first. How do I automate what I'm doing? Maybe your work here requires time process.

How can I simplify it? How can I work one day, but doing five days job? Okay. How can I make more money while I'm sleeping? Okay. Or how can I enjoy more when I'm relaxing? My question always like this. 

Yeah. For me, how can I watch Netflix at the same time still making money? Because I like, I like, I like movies. I like series. 

Okay. So for you, as long as within that, uh, the team, you use this because it's effortless, right? You don't want to manifest, give me more energy so I can work 24 seven. That one, you've got problem, not the direction of problem. 

Okay. That one, you need to back to your wisdom direction, fix that part first. Then you'll come back again. 

Okay. All right. I think you get idea. 

Then now a lot of people, they are concerned about mantra. They say, I will say, I need a mantra, but let me tell you the real thing here. Manifestation that does not require, that does not response to mantra.

Some people say, I was in, does the deity know Japanese? I, uh, Japan, Japanese language, because some of you are friends, right? Coming from France. So they, they, they know or not, they know how to understand what I need a lot. The, the energy does not response to the word you say, because sometimes I write mantra for someone. 

They say, I will say, it should be a comma here. You know, you forgot to put a footstop. Therefore, will the mantra still work or not? So now I'm telling you nothing to do with the words, the sentence or what language manifestation energy response with feeling. 

Okay. The feeling, the emotion, do you want it or not? So if you're one effortless is how you feel that time. If you, it's nothing, even you say nothing, but your wish, your field, your need, you want something, you already do your job guys. 

Okay. Because even you have the best word written out, like so poetic, like a game changer kind of thing. But if you don't feel it, the words means nothing.

Okay. For example, you say I want to make more money, but internally, you don't want it because you think making more money is bad. It's less spiritual. 

People might think that I'm greedy. It won't work. Okay. 

So is the feeling. So some people that they can invoke the feeling from photos. Some of them think I can say something. 

Some people might singing, whatever it is, because in the end, those are just vehicle to get you to arrive to certain emotion. Okay. For example, I was, I want to get rich, but I'm not inspired what to do.

Back to that direction. Watch a movie about someone from zero to riches or from wreck to riches. That's how people respond to visual, right? Watch some movie, but make sure your movie is, is not more than two hours, right? If you watch the movie, only the ending part is inspired.

You're using this only one hour or before you get inspired the date, the time already gone. So that you need to plan a little bit. If you're going to watch like a five hours movie, watch something short. 

Okay. So remember nothing to do with the mantra is how you feel. You guys understand, but let's say you say, I wasn't, I still want mantra. 

Then how? Don't worry. Do you know, chat GPT can come up with the best mantra in the world. You just say, write a mantra for me using the theme of golden river of flow. 

Of course they don't understand. Okay. So you don't do like that. 

All right. You say, write me a one chart that actually embodied the concept of effortless wealth. Okay. 

Simplifying and less hard work. Then you come with a mantra. Things just come to me. 

Opportunity come finding me. So I'm attracting, I'm not chasing. And once you do that, you press the send button.

You get a great affirmation of manifestation mantra. How many of you here already doing that? Yes. Right. 

You see? Yeah. They can write the best mantra for you. Also can customize based on whether you're fat, tall, slim, or whether you're vegetarian or not. 

They can do it. And you'd be surprised. It's very professionally done.

Better than I doing it. Because I don't have patience. You ask me to write a novel like mantra. 

Cannot. Okay. Because some people like mantra is free. 

You can further customize, you know, you tell them I'm impatient person, better don't too long. You know, I'm response more to certain words. Then they customize for you. 

You can tell them your day master as well. I'm serious. I'm not joking. 

Yeah. You can actually tell them your day master. They can customize a mantra based on you because you know, your day master, then they know your mind cannot stand still. 

They'll give you a quick one for you. How many of you here are Kwei Water? Yeah. So chat GPT know what kind of mantra suitable for you.

Because the moment Kwei Water do this mantra, their mind start to wonder what to eat later. Is it McDonald's? Should I add more cheese into there? Or should I take bath before I go out? You know, right? Kwei Water. So when your mantra just type in there, just add my day master according to my patsa is what it will simplify for you. 

Some people like something short. Some people like something long. It's fine. 

Nothing wrong with it. Just don't go overboard the time. Remember, there's always a time frame. 

Normally a manifestation, it could be as fast as one minute or less. For me, my manifestation is 30 seconds. Okay. 

It's nothing to do with the length. Okay. The energy universe and it doesn't recognize duration. 

There's no distance. Yeah. All things happen at the same time. 

So, but human define there's a past, present, future, right? For them, it's the same. So it does not mean you do one hour better than other people that do it in 30 seconds. Okay. 

It's the feeling. The feeling that you know you had it. Okay. 

Let's talk about to all the ladies here, right? I think 90% of you like handbags. Type the word yes if you like handbags. Even your guy also fine. 

Some guys also like handbags, right? So in the pursuit of buying a handbags, sometime you like the bags. You might spend hours searching for the right bags. Okay. 

So all of you here say yes and Lina too say no. So good. This one low maintenance.

Your husband will be very happy. Okay. So, but for the rest of you here, if you like handbags a lot, then you go for shopping. 

Okay. So of course, if your husband pay for it, he will have a very strong cardio exercise. Hopefully you don't pick the Amos or the limited edition kind of a bag.

So sometimes I have that. Yeah. So hopefully, right? You pay manifest using the guy, right? You say, make sure it's not doing back to the chief. 

All right. If you're back to the chief, your partner will buy the most expensive one. If you're going to buy for them. 

All right. So, but of course, if you love your wife, that's not matter. You buy for them. 

So for the girl who buy the bags, so then bags, you feel uncertain whether it's nice or not. You turn here, turn left, looking at the mirror, look at different angle, but some bags, the moment you put your hand on the shoulder, you know, is the bag you're looking for. You don't even ask the question, is it beautiful or not? The click. 

How many of you experienced that before? It's like this bag are created for you instantly. You say, I could have had this. Okay. 

That is the feeling I'm talking about. Yeah. So when you do manifestation, the more you do it, you know, the click, because a lot of people ask how long, how many times I should do it. 

Right. So don't, don't force yourself, just do it. But when you do it often, you know, sometimes it's done.

It's considered done. How many of you had that feeling before while you manifest? You know it. Okay. 

You don't think, you don't feel, you just know. Yeah. So take time. 

Some people are faster. Some people are take more time. It's fine. 

Nothing wrong with you. So just to tell you the journey of manifestation, yeah, just to be relaxed. Okay. 

So with the powerful date, if we give you this unfair advantage on this portal currently, and also for the next two years. Okay. All right. 

And how many of you here already start seeing wealth opportunity the moment September hit? Suddenly there are a surge of sales. Although I know now economy is bad, right? But this month specifically, you see, hey, people start buying again. Right. 

So some of you already connected, you start to see this, this, this, this month already. Okay. Connie Yap asked, may I ask stupid question? Okay. 

No problem. Okay. You can ask Connie Yap. 

Okay. I'm waiting. Five seconds.

Okay. How about the rest? Okay. Connie Yap asked, may I share this with my lovely bestie? Lovely and bestie. 

So you mean your bestie is lovely, is it? Of course can. No problem. Yeah, I can. 

No problem. Just share. Someone dear to you is fine. 

Yeah. I'm just talking about those people, you know, that do this for evil reason. Yeah. 

They buy it and then they share it with a hundred people, you know, and then, you know, there are some people out there is like that. Only for those. For your bestie or lovely, no problem.

Okay. Connie Yap. And that is not a stupid question. 

That is a question out of love. Okay. So it's good to be your friend, Connie Yap, because you think about others.

I wish blessing come to you double full. Okay. All right. 

So, okay. Now Helen asked, can we use this manifestation when selling and property to release equity? So you need to see the timing, you know, right? So if some of them are like early 5am in the morning, you cannot use that sell property. You cannot ask them to go out to meet you, right? So if you're talking about your problem selling the property, let's say, so you can take the golden rule of flow time, you know, you manifest first. 

So you don't manifest on specific client. You say from now onwards, you know, attract me with the right buyers, because when you have the right buyers, you do need to sell. Right. 

It happened automatically. So let me see Helen. All right. 

You use the golden rule of flow. Sometimes a lot of people think, Oh, I'm bad in selling. Sometimes it's not, it's just like, you're talking to the wrong person.

So therefore that will help you because attract, right? Yeah. I tell them, you can, you can, you need to feel it. And most importantly, you feel it. 

Okay. Cornelia asked, is it a good river, a good day to manifest finding apartment to rent? Of course. Right. 

You can attract the right people come to you. Yeah. It's something easy. 

Okay. Cornelia, the answer is yes. Okay. 

Racula asked, uh, we don't have to necessarily be in our home, right? We need not to, it could be anywhere. It even can be in open space. Okay. 

Yeah. So it's very flexible using Shiman. Okay. 

Anything. Okay. Luo Jiaqin, are the days are backing cheap during the hour or this? I don't know. 

Right. Some of them. Yes. 

Some of them don't. But the main reason is not because of the chief. I remember just like explain different dates, got different, uh, structure, right? That is the reason I choose the date. 

Not because of chief. The chief is like good to have. Stefano asked, emperor seal is the date to manifest long-term investment in stock. 

No trading. No, no, no. It's not like that. 

Stefano, you can use the emperor seal to manifest whether it's a day trading, like some of you are stock trader or long-term is fine. Both also fine because the emperor seal is what you do with the money after you make profit. Okay. 

You know, because this is a strategy to grow your money. Your money can come from trading or investment. You know, some of you are great trader, right? Yeah. 

So you're going to manifest what you're doing with this profit. Some people they trade until they lose money, right? You don't like that. All right. 

They make money. They stay in the market. Hopefully they need to make more and make more. 

There must be a cut off time. So the seal helped you to do that. There's a cut off there. 

Don't be greedy. You need to win long-term. You don't want to win a battle only to lose the war. 

You want to win consistently. Okay. That is the power of the emperor seal.

Okay. Joyce Chan say, can you use manifestation date, example, manifestation date to get scholarship? You can use the scholarship is a favor from others. So if you look at, although this one is related to wealth, if I need to be strict on this, I would say that you can manifest to find more money though you don't need a scholarship. 

Okay. So, but if you say, okay, but I need to force it. Which of these five dates can actually help you? I want you to pick the number one. 

Okay. Yeah. Why number one? Number one, remember is what? Great hit start.

I start new winning, right? You want favor, something you're starting new opportunities. So you use number one, the heaven gate of fortune. This is this to answer Joyce Chan question.

Okay. Joanne, are you okay? Joyce Chan, do you understand? Okay. So now, okay. 

Let's see. Cornelia Cara asks, is your personal breaker can be ignored? Whatever breaker you can ignore. All right. 

Don't worry about it. If you're worried, you cannot manifest. You keep worrying or there's a clash as a breaker, right? Then you know, your breaker thing come every six days, you know, sorry, every 12 days.

Do you have problems every 12 days? No, right. But people, they're worried. So I don't even care whether it's a year breaker day or what.

Okay. The worst thing manifestation will happen is you don't get result. You won't get worse.

Okay, guys. Yeah. This is very important question, right? A lot of people are afraid or is it a year breaker day or is it a clash or is it a harm day? Because you will get everything wrong. 

The worst thing, you don't get it. For example, you want extra 10,000. The worst, you don't get the extra 10,000. 

It does not mean the bank, your money in the bank will suddenly disappear. Guys, you understand this? So don't, because when you have fear in manifestation, you cannot get it. Because remember, manifestation is about feeling. 

I don't care how good your mantra is. If you're feeling fear, manifesting it is not going to work. Okay, cool. 

So now, then this is a, okay. Cherry Ng. I'm new to Qi Men. 

I'd like to better understand how to do manifestation. Feeling emotion is the most important. Do we use the same feel for the five days for the gold river? No, feeling is about when you want something, there's a feeling.

Okay. It's not you force yourself to feel it. If you force yourself to feel it means you don't want it. 

When you want something, that is the urge, the feeling. So you just need to make a wish or whatever. Okay. 

It's not the other way around. It's not to create the feeling to manifest. If you need to create a feeling, probably you don't want it. 

You don't have a need right now. Okay. So the feeling will come naturally when you want something. 

Lim Yen Yoke said, can we ask something for the five days? No, because the five days have different function. All right. This is not like all in one solution. 

You know, now your level here, all of you, your level is not beginner. It's not like back of the chief direction and suppose the chief to suppose to understand you, you know, very pity on the chief, you know, they need to understand what you think and you change your mind all the time. No.

So we need the date and time to be precise. So to answer a phone question, the answer is no. Depends what you want. 

If you want to work hard, you cannot use golden rule of law. Okay. Okay.

So you hope us, what is the best date to investment, the best profit. There are no such thing. Okay. 

So you hope no such thing. Good day. You invest good money. 

Come. This is people wish, wish list. Yeah. 

It's people wishly. I also wish like that. I also want those, the event, those days you give me, you think about this, right? I, uh, is I wouldn't blame anyone because the whole industry being conditioned that way. 

But imagine if a lot of people think good days can render invest, can make money, which means you have a superpower, can change the stocks of a company. Let's say today is a good day and you invest in Apple stock. Suddenly Apple stock increase just because you invest in a good day.

I want you to think about that. You're not that powerful. You know, if such theory is true, if I want the company share to go down, I just invest in that company in bad day. 

Then the company's stock will go down. Is it, is it making sense to you? All right. You're not that powerful. 

You think you can control Apple stock just because you invest on good day or bad day. No. Do you guys understand this? Yeah. 

But I'm lucky you asked this question because what people think as long as I choose a good day, uh, I can make money. So how do you make money? The share must go up, right? You think that powerful is it just because your day is a good day. Suddenly the share go up. 

Then you, you already beaten that because all company will ask you to buy share on good day because the company share will go up. You need not to learn Baze or Fengshui anymore. You know, but if you know how to do this, you let me know. 

So I also want to know. Okay. All right. 

But for now, there are no such thing. Okay. So how best we should use the date Phoenix fire for renewal, because Phoenix fire renewal is what is about, about tenacity, about resilient. 

So you can say, give me the staying power to go through, to turn crisis into opportunities, right? To turn pain into reward. You need not to follow exactly what I'm saying, but I want to understand the essence of it because next two years, right? Chaotic, a lot of uncertainty, right? Some, a lot of people, they're shy away. They're afraid, but you are different. 

You find opportunities along the chaos and you turn it into wealth opportunities. Okay. For example, a pandemic, everyone say that all business is bad, right? You have the Phoenix with you. 

You know that when pandemic people don't go out, they stay at home. So what they do, stay at home, they do nothing. So they will want to learn something, right? Do you realize that the 2020 until 2024, if you're into online education, you'll make the most money.

How many of you are doing online, you're offering online course that time during crisis where a lot of people worry, you make the most money. That is the Phoenix, fire of renewal. Okay. 

Yeah. You can manifest. Some of you say manifest to have smoother year. 

Smoother year, you don't use Phoenix. Okay. You cannot because Phoenix, which means that you go through obstacles, you become better. 

Yeah. That's the thing. You thrive. 

When everyone afraid, you thrive, you move forward. If you want easy more, you use the golden river of flow. That will be a better one. 

Okay. So now you know the difference, right? So you need to actually look at that. Don't worry. 

Some of you come in late. You can watch the replay of all this. Yeah. 

You can actually get back all the information. All right. Good.

So now this one, let me summarize this for you. Okay. I gave you five days. 

Some of you want a summary here. I'm going to tell you right now. So the first one haven't, haven't get fortune.

This one is about a new beginning, fresh opening, starting a job, starting a new business. You need support. So make, so which means it make your first win become easier. 

All right. When you have your first win, you're more confident, right? So this one is, is a divine support. Yeah. 

So which means that you're more luckier than you find the right people to help you. So that's the one. Second one, Dragon Awakened Award is discover what is inside you, the great part of you. 

Maybe you're good in speaking. You're a great entrepreneur. You're good in numbers. 

You're good in investing. Also discover hidden opportunities. You might not see it now, but once you use this, you start to see. 

Okay. The third one here is Phoenix of Renewal is about the resilience to benefit from chaotic situation. Yeah. 

Like what Warren Buffett said, right? Be fearful when people are greedy, be greedy when people are fearful. So something like that. The fourth one, everyone's favorite, easy attraction opportunities come to you without the need to leave a finger automate stuff, make things faster. 

Yeah. So that's the one. And fifth one is about how do you maintain and grow your money so you can create a legacy. 

You guys okay with this? Understand? I gave you the dates. So I will say, if you don't know which one to choose, do all the five dates. Okay. 

Just in case you might need it later, right? Yeah. Because if you miss the dates, you can't get it back. That's a problem. 

Yeah. So I would say everyone do all the five. Can you do that? Do all the five. 

So need not to think. If not, some of you, I know one, that's how you might put the achievement chart forecasting, which one is good for me. No need wasting time. 

Do everything because you might not need it now. You might need in the future. Okay, good. 

Keep it first in your pocket, right up into your sleeve, right? You still can put it up whenever you need it to. All right. Do you enjoy today's session? Do you found true value in today? Yeah. 

I take advantage of the lunar and solar eclipse with the window opening. So, and if you want to connect with me, I will say that half of you here are actually in my Telegram channel. You are in my Telegram channel, right? Okay. 

So there you go. This is the one, because I'm going to post something, a link in my Telegram shortly. I need your feedback, what you like about this program. 

Can you share with me there? So I can take this information. I can make Born for Wealth even better for all of you guys. Okay. 

How about that? So I'll say in five minutes time, I'm going to post a link where you can click to my Facebook. That's where you tell me what, which part you like about this program, or it could be aha moment. So, all right.

So I will, the team will post it shortly. I appreciate you taking some of your time to give your comments there. Okay. 

And some of you here, you might join in late. Don't worry. There'll be a replay. 

We'll email information to you. So you will get everything. You're not missing out.

Okay. So then the next meeting, you'll be born for wealth. Are you guys excited for Born for Wealth? All right. 

Good. Till then. All right. 

Stay positive, be the light. And remember to use all the five manifestation deeds. Force your family to do it with you. 

Benefit everyone. Okay. All right. 

So have a happy weekend. I'll see you in the Born for Wealth program. Till then, take care. 

Bye-bye. You shoot me down, but I'm unbound. I am dynamic.

You shoot me down, but I'm unbound. I am dynamic. So is nothing to lose, far away, far away.

Ricochet, you take your aim Far away, far away You shoot me down, but I won't fall I am lightning You shoot me down, but I won't fall Machine gun Firing at the ones who run Stone hard girls, but I proclaim You shoot me down, but I won't fall I am lightning