All right, so just a quick disclaimer push button trading is for educational purposes only we are not financial advisors we do not advise you tell you what to trade or Do or and you should not consider this a facilitation to trade either We're here for educational purposes only so you take on the full risk of what you do with that education And just remember that trading is risky. It is lose more than more than you invest and Yeah, be aware those risks careful done, okay Let's see Let's start out with some questions How's everybody making out I can hear somebody clicking away on their keyboard Not sure who that is I'm doing good. I switched out my I got you know from Monday night's meeting. 

I switched created a new portfolio and I see Tuesday. What's today Wednesday or Thursday? So yeah past few days have been good for the portfolio. So So I'm happy with it Good. 

How about everybody else is in is anybody here not using a portfolio yet? Jenny okay. Um, do you have any questions about it? I haven't got that far yet. I'm going through the training. 

I'm just having terrible trouble with backtesting I'm not getting any profits Right, so this solves all that you don't need to backtest. We've done it for you. Thank God for that I was just working through all the The training and I'm going well, I can't progress because I'm not getting anything Yeah, it's really important that you know how to perform a backtest and it's important for you to understand how to do an optimization But we've done it all for you. 

That's this new and improved That's what the portfolio thing is is to take you to the next step because there have been a lot of people that have been Struggling with that. So what we've done is we have Backtested for you and we have over 300 strategy settings now Then I saw them I saw them but I was like I've got a I guess I got to go through all of this to Get to that. So yeah, no, you don't just jump over to I mean go to the three if you might have to unlock it So just go through Each of the classes go to the bottom and click complete Unlock them but get to that portfolio thing. 

You do need to update your Ninja trader to the latest version. I've done that. Yeah Then there's an installation package. 

There's a 20-minute video on there that does an overview of both both of the Analyzer and the builder you can watch that video But just install it. It's going to install everything for you and And then you're ready to go. So I will do that Yeah, the only thing that you guys are gonna have to do and I'm gonna reiterate this is use The back the builder and the analyzer as is with the files that I send you you do not need to convert them to your time zone You can just use them once you get your list set of what you want to run then you have to go in to each of those strategies and Convert the time to your local time zone and then just save that as a different file like a Use the same file name, but just put your instead of PST on the end put your time zone on the end And then you can use those strategies live So you don't have to go through all 300 and redo them all you just have to do the ones that you want to use Okay Now somebody asked like that. 

We just send it out with all the different time zones I'm gonna answer that question right now because that would be an excruciating amount of work There are many different time zones out there. And even if we did it with just the you know the Main time zones in the in the North American hemisphere it I would still require It's just a lot of work so there's two options that you can do you can either go in and You can change the time on your computer and the time inside of NinjaTrader to be PST and Then you don't have to do anything. You can just run it off the PST files Just know that you're running in PST time and the time that's going to be on your charts is going to be different But I would encourage you to do both your computer and NinjaTrader. 

So there's no There's no over there's no no issues. Okay, you know no conflicts That'll take care of everything and then you just need to run it Okay, that's option number one option number two is go in and individually change all of the strategies Like I was just talking about that you're going to use Okay, is everyone clear on that? Excellent Okay, that is the solution. That is the simplest solution that we can come up with That isn't going to take a tremendous amount of manpower To fix any other way, so we've done the bulk of the work and You know show some love right you guys got to do a little bit of work yourself so exactly Exactly. 

I can't do it all Matt can't do it all Push button training can't do it all for you. Why can't you just spoon feed us everything? I know I wish I could now I want to address another issue and that is because I'm some people have asked Is there a way that we could just launch the strategy the portfolio directly into the strategy analyzer? Ninja trader Has made it very clear and and I don't expect this to change anytime soon that they do not allow any add-ons or External programs access any of the control panel Features like putting in strategies and things like that. That is a safety guard that is there for you so that hackers can't come in and Get into your accounts muck with your accounts to all that kind of stuff. 

So that feature as much as I would love to be able to pre launch it and just Click up a button and all of those get loaded into your into your strategy Tab it is not going to happen anytime in the near future. Okay, so that's the reason why That's another part of the work so as you can see I'm gonna share my screen for a second because I'll show you my Where is it? There you go. You can see you guys see this window right here. 

You see my mouse running around Yeah, okay. I've got all these portfolios running. So I've got portfolio 41. 

I've got portfolio 38. I've got portfolio 39 Currently running right now. That's a lot of bots that I have but I have them labeled. 

That's what I'm doing And just a reminder, this is how I want you labeling For future stuff that we're that I'm currently building for you. I would like you to Where is my zoom controls? You guys can see my window. Oh, they're there. 

Okay, so This is the strategy number This is the portfolio number Okay, so you label your portfolio numbers? However, you want I've got like 50 of them saved already, so I'm currently running 39 38 and 41 But do it this way. So 192 dash portfolio space the number and then dash and then just leave whatever is native to this feature and and as I mentioned in the Last class if you want to add something to the end of it You're welcome to do that and there's my portfolio running this evening so it's doing its thing All right, okay Super fun. Now if anybody is watching this call right now, and you're not converted to the portfolio thing and you're still struggling This is why we built it. 

Okay So again with the basic understanding of the program run through the videos They're good for you to understand how to use the the optimizer to understand what to do So that you can still play around with it on your own you can still go in and do this But this is going to be the fastest way to get you Rolling. All right. Does anyone want to share a Testimonial of how they've been how the how the whole portfolio things been working for them. 

I will Sure Just Monday. I was you know kind of questioning it and then you told me I you know You have to get this you have to download the new one So I did and all this week has been rocking just making me so happy Awesome. Yeah, I'm finally seeing the I'm like, wow. 

This is what I've been waiting for That's my testimonial Love it. Thank you. Amanda. 

That's great. It's awesome Anybody else? Yes, Tracy you know, I I Had an older portfolio from when you first had the Google Sheets and you know It was just cobbled together and stuff and it just wasn't doing Disbanded it and I switched and you know, we did the new process and it's been working great and I think I'm up like a thousand bucks for this week, so so that's phenomenal and then I I mean, you know, it's very intuitive for me. I think once people just you know, just watch your videos and Just start going through the process. 

It should be pretty easy and stuff for everybody What was the other thing I wanted to say? I don't know. No, but it's it's oh, yeah I took out I specifically took out because I know you mentioned it before like zero zero four because it's a one minute and It sometimes skips and you know, I think that could have been where some of the other portfolios were not doing good So I took that one out and I took out anything to do with MCL as well. So I'm just focused in And actually what's great about the stuff that I picked is it's pretty much all from like 915 in the morning Eastern Standard Time You know through the end of the day, so I don't have stuff that's running at 5 in the morning or something like that You know So I think that's a benefit for me too because you know, I'll let the thing I'll activate the thing overnight but you know sometimes at 3 o'clock in the morning the thing Disconnects and you know, so nothing I can do, you know, so So I think from that perspective, I think the ones I picked are just more during the trading day, which is good Gotcha. 

Now Jason you mentioned that you don't you removed the MCL one. So have you updated to the latest version? Yeah, no, I have and yeah, so Not that I removed them. That's just I just I make sure you know, I know you probably removed you removed them already Right, I did. 

So that's why I'm okay. You've updated. Yeah. 

Yeah, that's good. So that's good So I'm talking to us I'm speaking out of turn I guess But the only one I took out really was all for yeah That one's still in there and I'm debating whether I want because I've got it running as well I think no, I don't have it running right now. I have nothing smaller than the three minute Sorry, sorry about that. 

That's okay. That's okay. I have a testimonial to Gracie I funded two accounts and I did it with 1.0 even before I upgraded to 1.2 Done, I'm probably gonna get a third here in the next couple days. 

So and I got a question for you Testimonials are done. Well, well Victor before you before you finish. How how are you doing before the portfolio? Trading How do you mean Were you were you I've gotten a lot of accounts before but but I love the portfolio system It's phenomenal, but I've had accounts before yes, gotcha. 

Okay, perfect. Awesome Okay, is there anybody else that wants to share? All right. Oh, sorry. 

Okay, go ahead page So I just I followed your I Followed your video. I should just set up the same settings that you did in your video yesterday I had three wins and today I had a win So Starting off good Awesome Yeah, that's fantastic. I Have some questions too. 

I can ask them later if you want to finish the testimonies Yeah, sure. Does anyone else have any more the comments that they want to share? Yeah, just I think the thing The it's been biggest for me is is from the get-go of bot trading. I saw the value in having multiple bots in an account to diversify but it just it took so long to like To to do all the back trading to get enough bots together And then even then you still had some like all performing directionally so you would just lose faster or win faster and so like the especially the Where you can take ten bots and then go through the iterations to really find which grouping of those can Work best together. 

It's just it's just an incredible time saver Awesome. Yeah. Well, I got a surprise for you towards the end of this class. 

So Hey, it's like Christmas every time we have a class that's what it is, right? All right. Is there anyone else that wants to share? I just have to jump off in like a few minutes. So but I'll catch the rerun. 

Okay, sounds good. Jason. All right Victor why don't we start with you then you have some questions? Yes, so since we're running so many bots Now and I'm running a lot of them I'm interested in the VPS and if you I saw all your bots you're running now. 

Are you running them locally? Do you do you have a VPS? I think we want more juice on those VPS is if we're gonna run that many bots Yeah, I wonder what your thoughts are on that. Yep. So first of all, I'm using 4x VPS and And all of those are on 4x VPS. 

I follow My weekly routine of clearing out that documents folder where the cache folder I clear that out Or the database folder I should say So I do that on a weekly basis every single day. I reset my My VPS like I don't reset my VPS or I reset my Connection so I disconnect and then connect and then restart my bots. I do that every single day The second thing is I don't have any of these bots on a chart All of the bots are inside of the strategy tab Right. 

I have one chart open one chart only and that chart I can I can flip to whatever account I have available and Just see if I if I want to look at what's happening, but I can see inside of the inside of the strategies tab What's what's currently trading? So I don't do anything else with that now, let me pull up my VPS account Let me just find Google we used to be able to get away with very very minimal Horsepower on those VPS is I wonder if we need more these days with all these bots running I don't know. Yeah, let me just Let me just log in here Okay, let me look at my services Okay. So this is what I have. 

I have eight gigs of memory. I have a hundred gigabyte storage. I Have three gigabytes of RAM. 

No, sorry. That's old. I've got a key. 

I went this is the old one This was the basic plus that I had and I I customized it Gigs of RAM and if I look at my manage my service Let's see here Yeah, so I've got six cores eight gigs hundred gigabyte storage. I don't have any backup I've got Windows 22 and my location is out of Los Angeles So I'm not having any issues with that with this makeup every once in a while I might see it freeze, but if I stick if I stick to My my weekly repertoire and my cleanup my my housekeeping I tend to not have any issues and the other thing that I do is I make sure that I'm constantly updating the because it the VPS tends to update a lot so I'm always Making sure that that's taking care of it because I don't want it to do it when I don't want it to I want to Take care of that scheduling. So I'm always on track with that Okay But I haven't had any issues with that with that set up at all I Tend to open a lot of charts. 

So I'm gonna take your advice and go chartless as much as possible with this stuff. So that makes a lot of sense Yeah, every chart you open is a resource that's pulling on your computer. So you need more cores more rat more RAM more everything so it's That's and I have this running like I'm looking at it all the time because I'm a day trader So I'm constantly at my computer anyway, so I always have it running so I can see if it drops a connection or not But I am I do find that just having the two windows open. 

That's it is the best setup for me Yep Okay, do you have any other questions Victor? No, that's it. Thank you. Awesome. 

Perfect. All right, so then let's go to Paige she had some questions Yeah, so Is the idea that when the portfolio builds the portfolio generator builds portfolio Is it making sure that all the bots do not run at the same time? And does that include if they're on different instruments or do bots on different instruments run? Can they run at the same time? Yes, there can be a correlation of the different time what it's looking for what you don't want happening is you don't want a bot on nq and Then another bot on nq running at the same time because you can't be strong and short in the same instrument Right, so I noticed a lot of the ones that I have anyway have max contracts 40 So if I end up with three running at the same time on different contracts Then that could exceed the max contracts for for my account. Yes Order So what I'm doing is just trimming down the max contracts to eliminate that possibilities kind of hand tweaking them You can but what I would do is because I don't think most of those strategies aren't going to kick kick into a high end of strategy if you look at the trades If you go into any one of those individual trades and take a look at the number of contracts They're usually two or three or four Yeah, it's just the max. 

Yeah, so it'd be a rare case really. Yeah, I wouldn't worry about it I see it because the risks are so low in those in those accounts. You're You're very rarely gonna hit hit any of those numbers. 

I really honestly would not worry about it But if you're doing what you're doing, that's fine. Just realize that you could fudge the numbers if that doesn't right Yeah, I'd rather keep them the same and that's fine. I can take the risk Keep them at 40 because they hardly ever How often do you ever see one of them actually use the max number of contracts I Haven't yeah, it's based on the risk, right? So it is yep and and so when we get up into those higher risks you you should be using the the minis not the micros because the The mini is caught or the micros cost so much in commissions That once you start trading above 10 contracts 11 contracts, you might as well be trading the mini. 

It's way too. Yep Yeah. All right. 

Thanks. No problem The other thing to keep in mind is that I actually really like running some of these on bigger accounts So if you get a chance to get yourself like just some of the bigger accounts It's okay to run these portfolios on them as well and build up. It doesn't always have to be on a 50k account So just right. 

Yeah, just keep that in mind as well it gives you a little bit more wiggle room and you can actually start playing with some of those minis like my Portfolio number 41 that's all mini contracts and it averages about $17,000 a month And that's what I discovered to Tracy. That's exactly what I did. I went up to a hundred thousand I have all $50,000 funded accounts Yeah But I obviously saw the math and it makes sense to go up higher And I got a fifty a hundred thousand dollar account funded with a portfolio because I went to the minis not the micros Yeah, it makes a lot of sense It does the only problem is when you go up in those prices you have way less drawdown. 

So you have a The profit to drawdown ratio shrinks. It becomes much harder to get funded without hitting that drawdown. That's the only concern That's why the the lower ones are better. 

But these when you use these portfolios with lower lower drawdowns But you can still get it consistently and and commissions aren't chewing it up That makes a it makes it a little bit easier. So yeah for sure Takes longer. I liked your video where you went over the The way it is staggered different account sizes. 

Yep. Yep. It's very important. 

So No for sure Okay Awesome. Are there any other questions that people want to go over? The only question I've got is regarding the discussion about the VPS's earlier is Am I correct that if you're operating and running bots on the VPS, you can't also be connected on your PC That's incorrect. Thank you Okay, so you can have two things of ninja running. 

Okay, I do right I do all the time. So, okay Yep and I I can he I can even and it's actually quite good because sometimes My home machine messes up for whatever reason something freezes because I've got a lot running on it I can zip over quickly to my To my VPS and I can start controlling whatever trade I had open on my on my main computer so and vice versa I because I see any of my bot trades are showing up on my on my main computer Like it's it's just do all now what you can't do is log into trade of eight trade about a lot of one. Yep Okay, so you couldn't you couldn't be trading in the apex and both of them. 

Yep. Absolutely Okay, now I will tell you that I am currently so I lost three accounts yesterday I Did not blow these accounts up. They were actually very close to being funded. 

I'll explain what happened October 12th all three of those accounts were set for a reset like for a rebuild and Get there was something wrong with my credit card. Okay Apparently it was expired I don't understand how it could have been expired. But anyway, the the deal was they send them a message now I get their emails all the time. 

I never read them and I just assumed that it was the payment thing went through right and Apparently it didn't it failed so that was the email saying hey, it's failed Well when it fails it they give you 72 hours to fix it or your accounts gone. So 72 hours was yesterday. I Was trading on the account yesterday and like I said I came within a couple hundred dollars of one of the accounts getting funded and Then I reset my account and then when I came back up they were all gone. 

I was like, what's the So then I'm I spent I don't know how long with with apex trying to sort this out and they said no You had 72 hours. I'm like seriously like Have some consistency in how you message like when there's ever an issue if I violate a rule or something like that There's this big red message that shows up on my on my ninja trader. This is hey you screwed up and And I can see it But here the account doesn't pay them like I have my account doesn't get renewed for whatever but they just slide it through on an email like just with like there's your chance so and now because the the accounts are The first 30 days are the 80% off and then after that it's 50% off. 

So I didn't want to buy new ones From them, so I bought one from lucid. So I'm testing lucid out right now as well They work with ninja trader. They only they cap you at five accounts So ninja traders still a good option, but I'm trying them out So I'm just letting you guys know that I'm trying them out. 

They are a not a monthly subscription. They're a fixed a Fixed fee so for a 50k account. It cost me $81 and I can take as long as I want with that. 

It's not a monthly fee But they have $500 less drawdown on that then you do on apex But I also think they're end of day Drawdown not intraday drawdown, so That might be why they're less drawdown period. So I'm just letting you know, I'm testing it out. See how it goes I'll give you a testimonial after a bit. 

I haven't even traded on it today. So Because I didn't trade at all because I taught this morning. So I don't trade when I teach And then I just not got back into I didn't get back into it All right, so there's that okay next I want to share with you guys Something super cool. 

Let me just open this up Now I'm not releasing this yet But I want you to be aware that it's coming Let me Share my screen Here's the strategy analyzer We have updated Mega orb 2.6. It's coming out. We also have snapback is done As well, but I'm still testing these. Okay. 

Now what I want to show you here as as requested Yes, see that. Oh Oh My goodness, you guys read that you see that direction filter watch this long only Short only Okay, we we have it. Okay. 

One of the other changes that we've made to this is that we've added in the no trades Greater or less than X contracts. So that is now available In here. Okay, so that's now available right there Otherwise, that's it. 

So this is a new bot that's like the latest update and so My Optimization team is gonna have a whole bunch of fun Optimizing some of the stuff we've already optimized because we can optimize for just long or long just short as well So that's pretty cool. We can get some directional stuff happening as well. I Just wanted to let you know that that is coming Okay. 

The other thing is in this particular update. We have fixed the ability to Trade through midnight. So that's been taken care of now so we can start addressing those issues as well All right Okay, does anyone have any questions regarding that pretty cool, right? Yeah, okay. 

I'm still testing it. So as soon as I'm done testing that will be available So just know that it's coming soon. And as we do this, we're updating some of our other other bots to have that same feature Okay, all right Any other questions Order careful build. 

Okay. I'm gonna show you one more thing because this is another surprise. I am currently working on The super snap orb Okay, the super snap orb now, I'm still working on this bot but what this is doing is I've got a directional filter in there and the idea is that it will Basically take either a breakout an orb or a snap based on the directional filter so if the directional filter like if the EMAs are lined up bullish then guess what? We're gonna take a snapback trade if it breaks the low of the opening range or we're gonna take it and an orb trade If it breaks the high Makes sense, that's wild Yeah, so that's that's the super snap orb. 

So this is one of the bots that we're building in the in the In our team our collective team the what do you what do we call ourselves there Tim? I can't remember what we call ourselves Let's see here. See if I can look it up Yeah, I don't know The push-button trading labs Yeah, the push-button trading labs team. Yes That's uh, that's one of the bots that we're building. 

So we put together a team of Individuals that have some some Interest in developing new new bots that have some coding background, etc, etc And there's a group of I don't know six or seven of us That are meeting on a monthly basis and coming up with strategy ideas and this is one of the ones I'm currently putting together So yeah, that's kind of exciting there's a few different features in here that I'm just trying to To do this also gives you the ability to to choose between a stop limit or a market So you could use a market order or a stop limit order For your entries. So again, this is all Pretty neat. The other thing is you have two different stop modes You can use the ATR stop or you can use a tick or you can take it off and not use any Trailing stop at all. 

So there's a variety of different options that are in here It's kind of a that's why I'm calling it the super snap orb. So it's it's it's super. It's not just mega It is super mega. 

I should have called it the super mega snap orb. So maybe we'll have a we'll have a A poll for the aura or a contest for the coolest name Hey, as soon as you said it I was thinking it's mightiest heroes I've been watching Avengers Yeah, yeah or Super Mario Brothers. Yeah There you go. 

Cool. All right. So what do you guys have thoughts about that? That's that's exciting, right? No, it's pretty cool. 

So right now I don't like the directional filter It's not working quite well because what I want it to do is during neutral times when the markets neutral I only want to take in snapback trades when it's bullish I want it to take both but depending on what it's doing and if it's bearish I want to take both but I'm trying to get the the directional filter where it actually Filters properly. I want it to do that. And right now it's not quite it's not it's not sensitive enough to the the filter So that's a little bit harder to code. 

So that's where we're at with that Pretty exciting though, okay All right questions Tracy you're right every every one of these sessions like Christmas It's exciting right it's exciting so we're coming up with new strategies for you where we're finding the settings for you That's the goal. This is supposed to be fun So we're gonna have a ton of fun and in the process of having that fun We're gonna find some financial success. That's that's what what our hope is, right? So yes now I did want to Kind of touch on one other thing that I mentioned this today in my class But I know you guys are trading on the funded accounts and that's great, but I do encourage each and every one of you as You're finding success with this because the the goal of the funded account is to give access to those that don't have The financial means to be doing this that's number one But number two, it's also to give you a lower risk Ability to practice a new skill where you're not putting all of your own capital at risk But the goal should still be for you to be putting money aside Building a trading account and eventually transitioning so that you're trading on your own account and not relying on funded accounts Then you don't have the drawdowns that are worried about you can trade with as much risk you don't have to worry about whether or not the You had too many Contracts open or any of that kind of stuff. 

You can just just trade it So I do hope that you guys will take that to heart and even if you're getting payouts and things like that I encourage you to take at least 50% of what you're taking in your payout and put it in a trading account and try and Build that trading account up and just an FYI with futures There's no pattern day trade rule There never has been So you don't have to worry about having so much money in a in an account I recommend that you get at least three thousand dollars worth of capital available to to trade for a futures account And grow it grow it as much as you want, but it's very different than than trading with with a Stocks or anything because the buying power is much different So, I hope you understand that you can start small, but that's the goal and Don't be afraid to start trading on your own own account. Now, if you are doing that inside of ninja trader I encourage you to open a ninja trader brokerage account because then you don't have to pay the $99 a month for the multi broker license Because they include it. It's it's just part of You get their dad is cheap and The brokerage account is is reasonable if you have to get an account that is not with ninja trader Then like if you're going through IBK are or something like that or Schwab and you're wanting to trade futures You do have a $99 a month fee that you have to pay through ninja trader To connect the two so that's that's the downside. 

But like I said, if you use the futures brokerage of ninja trader You don't have to pay that $99 a month they just include it Okay, so that's the the better way So if you have the ability to open an account with them that I encourage you to do so and start building that wealth Okay Don't rely on the funded accounts. They're they're a great learning tool, but they're not the end-all be-all Okay So And if I can trade, you know 20 or 30 minis Instead of having 20 or 30 Funded accounts open. It's the same thing as having 20 accounts and just copying to all of them, right? So it's um, but Yeah, I've just grown my account really big Okay So just to give you an idea for 10 mini contracts Where's my pen? I guess I can't write right now. 

So let me go in and get a whiteboard All right, so if you did 10 mini contracts Doesn't matter. Well, it does matter but let's just go Let's say ES or NQ Okay 10 mini contracts is going to cost you $5,000 That's what it's going to cost you. That's how much money minimum money you'd have to have in your account to trade 10 mini contracts now Every point every every $1 that the ES makes that it moves you either Gain 50 or lose 50 per Contract. 

Okay. So in this particular case, it would be $500 for every dollar move on the ES that you would either gain or lose $500 okay for the NQ It's $20 per point per contract So you would make $20 or $200. Sorry with 10 contracts Okay, but it would still cost you $5,000 to open the position to hold it open Okay, does everyone understand that? Is there anyone that doesn't understand it? Does anyone care? All right, okay, so if you guys all understand that that's great One of the other differences with futures is that futures settles every single day. 

So the futures close at 4 p.m. Eastern and then they reopen at 6 p.m. They actually close at 5 p.m. So 6 p.m. Eastern They reopen between this 5 and 6 is settlement period. That's what they call it. So it's called settlement period and What they're doing during that time is is anyone that is holding a position through That overnight session Through through that close that 5 so if they still have a position open at 5 p.m Then what they do is this this money right here that that margin that you needed to hold up position What they're actually doing is they're taking or adding to it based on your current position So if you're up a hundred dollars, then they're gonna credit your account a hundred dollars If you are if you are they're not gonna close the position They're gonna credit your account $100 if you're down $200 They're gonna subtract that $200 from your account. 

So at the end of every single day, they always credit or debit Whatever you're up for P&L and until you close the position It doesn't stop doing that. So that's why they have these margins. That's that's what they're for. 

Okay So does everyone understand that that was just a quick little kind of a whatever you call it to two futures And then your Twitter works the same way doesn't it Tracy because whenever I pass up an eval It's that afternoon. That's that evening after six, but I get the email and I have to pay the The sign of P they kind of work the same ninja trainer sort of follows that lead, right? Apex Yep. Yep apex. 

They don't They don't reset till yes till the end of the day So they wait until the day is closed and then they do their stuff and that has to do with Getting all the data from trade of eight as well Right. So so yes that settlement takes place at the end of the day. So then that's when all your accounts get settled Yep Okay Perfect All right, okay Is there any questions anything anything that you guys want to go over? even if and if there's anybody here that's still using the old system where you're back trading and you Really do not want to jump on the wagon for this portfolio stuff. 

You're welcome to ask those questions, too I just really feel like the portfolio is the way to go. It's it's gonna save you a ton of time Okay, all right, okay, well if no one has any more questions then I will let you guys all get on with your evening and just know that there's some pretty cool stuff coming down the pipe and Yeah, okay. I've got another update for For the portfolio analyzer and actually I'll just go run over that right now. 

We'll cover it the portfolio builder and the portfolio analyzer All right, let me just share my screen for a second Minimize that Okay, so some of the things that I fixed in here are as follows so in the all strategies tab You can now sort According to these tabs, so this is now sortable In the portfolio builder same thing on this side here. So if you select some bots here you can now Sort this way as well So if you want to take a look at the close time or you want to sort the ID in order Which is nice rather than how you're you're entering them, etc. It just makes it a little bit easier So I've fixed that as well. 

The other thing is let's say that we want to save this template now Save the template. This is test 365 and I'm gonna hit OK So now I've got that template now before what was happening is you came over here and you would look and you go Oh, it's not there and you'd have to restart it. But guess what? It's already there So it's now live loading where before it had to reload on a on a on a restart So now it's it's it's available. 

Okay, so that's all working the other thing in the portfolio generator I changed the text here. So it's a lot more visible. Okay, so Those oh and the other thing is the periodic stuff is now showing all the way up to 2025 to the current time So that's been taken care of as well So if there's any other any other features or things that you want to change or you noticed, please let me know And but I will have this up to Available to you guys in the next couple weeks. 

Anyway Tracy those are awesome. Um when you do generate a portfolio Does it make sense for the other tabs to represent that portfolio you just generated? Okay, so when you generate like are you talking here? Like yeah Yeah, so if you like, let me just let me go over here and let me load something that has more So you loaded like 15 bots, but it's only going to use seven of them or something So, so if you load like let's say there's ten here, let's just do let's just run this right here Okay, so right here. There is a save feature So when you save this it automatically comes available right up here So all you do is save that like if there's one of these templates that you like, let's say let's save this one Okay, well there's combo it tells me combo 108 219 tells me what the bots are I'm gonna hit okay, so that's one Okay, and now if I go into here combo 108, that's right this one here. 

So I'm just gonna load it And now if I go over to my portfolio, this is I've loaded combo 108. So this is the view from that one And that should be working currently on the version that you have Yep, so that's that save button. That's right there. 

All right Okay Perfect. Any other questions? Comments, okay. See I will say that when I load a portfolio I'm not getting the same numbers that you or Matt get on some of the demonstration videos. 

So I am working on kind of clearing out my Programs and reloading it but any other suggestions that I should try What data feed are you using? Apex apex, okay Because generally it's a data issue that's that's typically the the thing that's that's happening. So When you if you can send me a screenshot of what what you're getting and what you think you should be getting Yeah, so you because you're you're not getting it in here because this year is data that I've given you so right generated All of this should be generated the way The way I've done it so There's nothing that's coming from a live feed here. The only thing that would be Affected is the strategy test if you were to back test it and you're not getting the same amount same that I am But I don't know what you'd be back testing it against at this point because there's no comparables for you Okay, yeah, I'll send a screenshot I'm running the back test just to Like after I load it just to see that the configurations are accurate Okay, and then I don't get the same number. 

So, okay So there's two because you're in mountain time as well, right and I do adjust that I am. Yeah. Okay, so So yeah, just send me some screenshots and I'll see if I can come up with the issue. 

Are you also up to date on all the bots? Yes Okay, I cleared them out cleared the cache and reloaded the bots so I did have one drive on my computer. I've Uninstalled it. Yep Shouldn't be an issue, but I did get a one drive message Okay Saying what lots of files were deleted from your system. 

I Should have screens captured that one as well. I'll see if I can replicate it and share it with you. Okay? Yeah, just make sure that Ninja Trader is not operating inside of one drive. 

That is a That that's definitely terrible because what it ends up doing is rewriting From the cloud, right? Yeah, and then you end up with old data, but normally it's a data issue So I would encourage you to clear what you can do is you go into tools and then go to data database management Okay, you can do is under repair database. So right here And you can click repair and that'll repair the database or better yet You can go into documents folder go into Ninja Trader 8 and then go into database and Again, clear your date clear your your your cache your day your minute and your tick okay, and And then Ninja Trader will be forced to redownload the data because When it downloaded the data, it might have gotten a bad batch. It also could be if you're Running on a VPS. 

Are you running on a VPS? No, not yet. Okay Well, it could just be coming from wherever the server is that you're you're getting it from but that's the biggest issue is usually a data a data issue I wouldn't go too much about it because these tests have been tested by multiple people not just not just one So right and we the settings are the settings are good But we need to it's a setting that you're doing incorrectly because then it would translate it into something live That wouldn't be very good, right? That's what I was worried about Yeah, so just send me some screenshots and I'll see if I can figure it out. Okay. 

Thank you. Okay, cool. Awesome Alright anyone else? All right, folks. 

Well, that's it for today. You guys have a great evening and I'm super excited for what's coming. So Thanks, we are too. 

I'll see you guys in a couple weeks next week. Matt's got you. All right. 

All right Thanks, Tracy. Take care Bye everyone