All right guys, so I'm going to show you some cool stuff, but Tracy asked me to touch on a couple topics first. One is the difference when it comes to using the trade copier, the difference between limit orders and market orders. So let me see if I can launch a whiteboard. 

All right, you guys, can you see my screen or no? My whiteboard? Or no, can you see it? Yes. Okay, you can see what I'm writing. Okay, so when it comes to the trade copier, you have order and you have execution mode, right? So this would be considered order mode over here. 

And what people are using the order mode in very like low liquidity, low volume type things. And they're kind of not getting in or not getting out at the right time. So I want to explain the difference between the two, the difference between order mode and execution mode when it comes to, we'll call it using the trade copier. 

Now you guys may know this and this might just be a review for you, but for at least some of you watching the recording, this might be new. So when it comes to the trade copier, you have two different options. You can use order mode and execution mode. 

Now, if you're trading highly liquid assets like MNQ, NQES, MES, they all have tons and tons and tons of volume, right? So execution mode, meaning you're going to get in at a market order. Now, if you're not sure what the market order is, market order is the way I like to explain it. It's basically when you go to a nice restaurant and you'll see salmon on the menu and beside it, you won't see a price, you'll see the word market, market price, right? Which means what? You're going to get some, but you're probably not going to like the price. 

That's just, that's market order, okay? Market orders in this context means you're going to get out at whatever the market can, whatever you can get for it. You might have a little bit of slippage, but you're just going to get out and market orders are typically you're getting in and you're getting out quickly. And it works really well in highly traded assets that have tons and tons of volume like MNQ, like NQ, like ES, like MES. 

Now in a second, I'll show you charts where you can look at the volume across the bottom and you can determine whether it's a high or low, whether you should use limit orders or market orders, okay? There's an advantage and a disadvantage to each. And it really depends on what you're trying to do and what you're trading to know which one to use, okay? Now, limit orders are basically you define what the price is. And if the, let's say the system uses actually, it's going to be actually limit or stop limit orders.

So for example, oops, limit or stop limit orders. So for example, if you're trying to get in at a certain price, let's say a breakout, you want price to first go a little higher first, right? Then you would use typically like a stop limit order, okay? Now the downside to that is there's two things have to occur. Stop is another word for condition, meaning something has to occur, condition has to be true. 

So logically, if something happens, then something else will occur. So as like practically speaking, if it's cold outside, then you wear a coat. If it's raining outside, then you use an umbrella, right? If something happens, then something else. 

And so stop limit always has two prices. So let's just say it's just for easy math, $25 is price has to get to, I'm sorry, $125. And then it's going to use a limit order of 125, right? But if price never gets to 125 and it skips over, it goes to 124.99, like 124.99. And then for whatever reason, skips all the way up to, let's say 125.01, price goes right from here, directed here and skips over your 125 price, what happens? You're not in the trade, right? And so that could be detrimental if you're using, obviously the market order would solve that, but you're going to have a little bit of slippage, right? So there's a risk and advantage and disadvantage no matter whether you're using limit or what we would consider order mode or execution mode when it comes to the trade calculator. 

Again, in this example, if you have prices that you're trying to get in at exactly 125, you have what's called the stop price and then the limit price. So the stop price would be 125. The limit price would be 125 and price can go from 124.99 all the way up and skip 125 all the way up to 125.01. In that case, the order is put in at 125, right? So it's like, okay, we got to wait one penny lower and then we're triggered. 

But if price keeps just rocketing higher from here, right, immediately after hitting 125.01, you're just never in the order, right? It's like price moved, but you had a very specific price that has to kind of trigger 125 and then kind of pull back a little bit to get into the trade. But in some of these markets, things move really, really quickly. So again, the advantage and the disadvantage to using order mode or execution mode. 

Execution mode is really for highly liquid, high liquidity type assets where you're looking at lots and lots and lots of trades and lots and lots of volume going through the way. So for example, let me see if I can launch a chart real quick and I'll show you the difference. So let's look at M and Q. Does anyone have a illiquid set that they traded? I can pull it up real quick. 

So we're going to add, we're going to add, oops, not the data series. Let's see. Volume. 

So V-O-L. Oops. What happened? Volume, volume, volume, right there.

Apply. Okay. Okay. 

So we'll see. Oops. Can you guys see? Yeah, I was about to say we're still looking at the whiteboard.

Okay. Let's close that. Oops. 

Dang it. Canceled the whole share. Okay. 

What about now? Can you see my screen now? Yep. All right. So what you'll see is the volume here and you'll see that we're looking at a five-minute chart on M and Q, the December contract. 

So what you'll see is if you had to draw an average, it'd be somewhere like right here where you had some spikes and then it kind of averaged. So right now you're looking at about 20,000 contracts traded every five minutes. Obviously, if you're only trying to get into three or four contracts, five contracts, 10 contracts, 20,000, plenty of room for you in that trade, right? But if you were to pop over to something like the Bitcoin Futures Trust, we're not going to go from 20,000.

You'll see our average is quite a bit lower, in this case, significantly lower. And sometimes you're down to only 200 contracts. You guys see that? In this case, 237. 

So the difference between 20,000 contracts in a five-minute period or 200 contracts in a five-minute period, significantly different liquidity, meaning it's going to be easy to get in, easy to get out. In this case, I would use a limit order, which means you're defining the price. You do not want slippage to occur in a low liquidity type asset, right? So in this case, I would use limit orders.

And this, again, is for MBT, the MicroBitcoin, I think they call it MicroBitcoin Trust. So MBT is the ticker there for, and again, we're looking at a five-minute chart, so we're comparing apples to apples, right? But if we were to flip back over to M&Q, again, our average is there? It's 15,000, 20,000. You guys see the difference between 215,000 to 20,000, right? And if you're always wondering how do you know, you always look at the scale on the right side of the screen, right? So 15,000 or 20,000. 

So again, I would just say for a low liquidity or assets that don't trade a ton, I would use order mode. I said limit, but it's going to be orders mode, right? The opposite of that would be what we're looking at right now. Oops, that is a really crazy S. Orders mode. 

The other would be high, high liquidity, highly traded, which would be M&Q. Sorry, my mouse is MBS, right? And then that would be your execution. I'm just going to type this out. 

That's what the text button's for. Okay, so high. So M&Q, MBS, and that would be execution mode, right? And that would basically just use market orders. 

In, out, easy, right? And whatever the price is at that time. Now, the reason that that's a problem in low liquidity is because things can dip pretty low pretty quick on the other side when you're looking at the low and switch back to MBT. And you'll see sometimes there's little gaps, right? There's little gaps because this is very, I guess it's where I am, and there's only 16 contracts trading and you're trying to get 10 of them, right? So you're going to have some slippage getting in and out if you're using market orders, but limit orders would minimize the slippage, but you might miss some trades. 

So there's some things just to kind of speak about. Again, low MBT. There's a couple other ones that I can't think of somewhere that are low orders mode. 

Actually, there's limit and stop limit. Does that make sense? That's a review for you guys. It was my own, I'm sorry.

Yeah, that's good. I actually have a question. So let's say you're trading MNQ at night, would you use limit orders over- I would look at the volume. 

Yeah, I would look- Is there a certain number that you might determine whether to use one or the other? Yeah. So I would probably say below maybe a thousand to 500, that would be kind of the, anything below that. Yeah. 

But you can see some of these are just barely any contracts at all. So just like the stock market, you guys know you can trade after hours, quote unquote, but the amount of participation is a fraction of what you used to, which means you might be skipped over orders or you're going to have to pay a lot to get into the order, just like slippage wise. I used to hide highly traded, you know, is my audio cutting in and out guys? Yeah. 

Oh, it is? Yeah. Recently the volume is kind of going from like pen being full down to like a three where we can hear you, but it kind of gets a little low. Sorry about that guys. 

It's loud, then it's low. Let me see if I can adjust something real quick. That's a lot better.

Well, I don't know if it's like intermittent. Let me see if I can move this closer. Better? Okay. 

We'll see. Let me know if I can adjust a few things if needed. Let me move this over here. 

My input gain is pretty high. I can adjust a little bit more. That makes it easier. 

All right. Just let me know. We'll keep on it.

Okay. So, does this make sense for those of you, this is the first time you're seeing it? Hello, Amanda. Tim, Tom, and Victor. 

Does this make you sense? Yes. Again, these are the different kinds of modes that you can use in the trade copier, right? So, if I launch that real quick, give me an error. Why does it give me an error? Do I have the trade copier open already? I do not. 

New account dashboard. Oh, it's not loading. That's weird. 

Okay. Well, so that's basically what we need to do is depending on the market, you're going to use orders mode or execution mode. Again, there's an advantage and disadvantage.

There's not a perfect way to do it. In one, you would definitely be in the trade, but you'll might have some extra slippage. That also, the other thing to keep in mind is that back tests cannot really emulate slippage. 

So, the back tests are always going to assume you're using this, even though in the reality, you might use slightly different. Now, it might make a small change over time, but it's just in the back test, but just be mindful of that. There's not really a simple way to simulate that accurately, right? Because you don't know what prices at the nanosecond you want to get out, right? So, that also means winning trades and losing trades, you're going to market in, market out. 

So, you might get double slippage, right? And then your copy trades, well, that's how that will work is the leader account will use whatever is set up for the leader account. But if you're doing a leader account with the sim account, then all the followers are actual eval or funded accounts, then you're going to, it's going to, if you're using it, it's always, if you're using execution, then they're all going to have the same slippage. That's why sometimes you guys might see where the sim 101, maybe it made like $350, but the follower accounts maybe made 290 or something. 

It's because of the slippage differences. Yep. So again, there's two ways to do it. 

There's an advantage and a disadvantage. There's no perfect way to do it because you're trying to get, the markets are like auction style. You have bid and you have ask, you have buyers and you have sellers, and the buyers have to come up with what the sellers are asking for, or the sellers have to go down to what the buyers are willing to pay. 

That's the only way, two ways to do it. And if so, then you can go to deal, you have a trade, right? And that happens to get in, obviously to get in is one of that, one of those, and then to get out is the other. So, yep. 

Okay. So let me show you guys some, I'm using orders to voice slippage, but I'm, yeah. So the downside, Amanda, is you might be skipped on trades that move very, very quickly. 

That's the downside to what you're doing. You save on slippage, but there's kind of like a price to pay. And so I remember when I first started using the trade copier, I missed some really good winning trades. 

And it was because of the orders, just like I talked about, when you skipped over what I was willing to pay, whatever the bot had configured for the price, it just skipped right over and I never got into the trade. So advantage and disadvantage, right? Okay. All right. 

Let's take a look at the, some of these new tools that we have built in. I told you guys on Monday, we're going to have these installed, ready to go. And so here we are. 

So how many of you guys have used the spreadsheet? So the, this previous spreadsheet that we had for portfolio tools? Well, the good news is if you have upgraded to the latest version of NinjaTrader, you don't need the spreadsheet anymore because we have this actually built in directly into NinjaTrader. That's the first thing. The second thing is if you're using Quant Analyzer, we have that also built into NinjaTrader too. 

So Google Sheets don't need that anymore. Quant Analyzer don't need that anymore. Even though it was free, it's like a third party. 

You had to export and then import. This has some stuff built in. Okay.

So the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna look at the portfolio builder. And I believe Tracy like posted about this, like the download for this, but she went over it previously. I'm gonna go over it again, some slightly different things. 

So the first thing to know, you remember in the previous Google spreadsheet was what do you want your, like your mix to be? And I'm saying it has to add up to a hundred percent. So I want 50% of weighted for net profit. I want minimum drawdown.

So 50% and then 0, 0, 0, 0. And so PF is profit factor, percentage of profitability. PM is like profit per month. And then your win loss ratio. 

How much, which of those factors are the most important to you? Now, some of you guys might say, I just want the most profit period. And you have to be willing to stomach the more wild volatility, the more wild swings of up and down in your account. So, but if you want like the most profit kind of relative to minimal drawdown, that's where we would put 50% and 50%. 

Now there's this save as default. And what that means is whatever values you load in here, it's gonna save that as like your default. So I might want 50, 50 here. 

I might put 20, 20, 20 and 0, like whatever the numbers are. That's the first thing to know. Again, refresh data kind of resets all your choices down below. 

The second thing is if you want to trade minis or micros, you can check this. And what you'll notice is when I check mini, this is like a blue. And when I check it, you'll notice that there are some blue colors that show up in here.

See that? When I check green for micros, you'll notice I have some green options. Okay. So that's all that is. 

Now, if I say, Hey, I want to use small, small risk, $100, $200, I'm going to use micros. If I want bigger risk, like maybe $700 or more, I'm going to use NQ or ES, right? Now, why would I want to do that? Remember there's commission per contract. So if I'm trading 10 micros for every like 10 MNQ for every one NQ, and I'm paying per contract, it makes sense to as few contracts as possible and go up to the bigger asset, so to speak, right? So in this case, I put 50 and 50, and I can start checking off what I like, what you guys can see here. 

It literally says three-year mega snapback MNQ four minutes, starting at 424. Again, all these time zones are for Pacific time. So the time itself doesn't necessarily matter until you kind of go live. 

But obviously if I'm in central, I would just mentally think about adding two hours. But what you'll see is that some of these are starting to turn red when I check and uncheck. What does that mean? Well, those are conflicts, right? So in this case, what you'll see here is I'm trading the mega orb MNQ at 530. 

And if I also check this hypothetically, they would also trade MNQ at 524. Now, the problem is I don't want both of those in the same account. I don't want one to go long. 

I want to go short on MNQ at the same time on the same asset in the same account. That would be the problem, right? So when I check this, you'll see that it's saying, OK, we have a conflict, right? And we used to show this as like a correlation in red, meaning, hey, there's going to be a problem that you're going to have to resolve somehow or another, right? And so in this case, I can uncheck one, and now there's no conflicts. As I check more items, you'll see that not only is it the ticker, but it's also the time frame. 

The 12-minute chart doesn't matter. It's the time that this is trading, right? So for example, this is trading MES, right? If I was to reset all of these, you'll see. Reset. 

This is trading MYM. This is MES. This is MNQ, right? This is MGC and M2K. 

You guys see that? All different assets. So if I was to check them all, they should never, ever have a conflict, right? Now, there's other ones that I can choose, but you'll notice I checked all of those, all five of those, and there are no conflicts detected, OK? What it's saying dynamically is the red ones, if I pick those, I'm actually going to have a problem, right? So I pick it. You'll see conflict has a problem, right? If I check it, it has a problem. 

So I have to decide, what do I want to do here? And again, the reason is because just like in stocks, you can't go long Tesla and short Tesla at the same time in the same account. One trade to get long, the second trade will auto cancel the other one. And unless you have the exact same quantity, it'll go back to cash. 

What is really bad is if you go long four contracts and short five contracts, you're technically net short one contract, right? Because plus four minus five is minus one, right? And so that's the idea. We're trying to help you understand this. Obviously, if you're only trading one bot in one account, there's no correlation problems because it's kind of like on an island by itself, right? So in this case, if I was to look at, let's say, another MNQ, you'll see that I need to pick something outside of this timeframe, right? Outside the seven to 1230 ish timeframe.

So if I find something that runs super early morning or late, late, late afternoon on MNQ, then I'll be good to go, right? But it looks like a lot of them are MNQ are, here's one right here. See this? 1800 to 2349. So basically starting around, was that 6pm? So that would not be a conflict, right? Because this bot is going to run at a different time. 

The other bot's going to be done. It's going to be taking its nap, its siesta, and it's going to be done by the time the second one starts. So there's never any conflicts where it's trading the same asset in the same account at the same time. 

So we're, we'd be good here. So when I checked this, should not have a conflict, right? But if I checked this one, I will have a conflict. Why? Because of the time, it's going to, the timing is going to overlap, right? The five to 1230 is an overlapping kind of time. 

Make sense? So once I'm done with this and I'm like, okay, I like these, I can now save this as like a portfolio template, so to speak, right? I can do that. And it shows like my net profit. It won't show the drawdown and all the things here. 

You can see it on the next screen. I'll show you in a sec. But that's the idea. 

And you can, if you wanted to, you can look at the overview here of the different strategies, right? So like if you want to look at profitable profit per month, you're able to kind of look through and it shows you the bot name, the drawdown, the ticker, like all the different things. And then you'll notice we have, we're up to 286. So last time I did this, maybe three weeks ago, we had 150, so we've almost doubled, right? So, and I think some of these, they're not all sequential. 

I think there's, yeah, so there's some right in here that skip a little bit. But ultimately you guys can understand they're all, the tickers are here, the net profit, the drawdown. Actually, when you click on these, they don't sort. 

So that's interesting. Okay. So that's kind of how that works. 

Okay. So let's say I want to save this and I'll call it the MD test one, two, three portfolio. Okay. 

Boom. Save it. It's saved now in the portfolio templates strategy, right? Boom, saved. 

And I, in this case, you'll see, I have six selected. And it's 79, 652. Okay. 

Any questions on that before I go to the next screen, the next step? Is this making sense? This again, just replaces the spreadsheet. You don't need a spreadsheet. It's all built. 

Sorry. Can you hit me a quick question? Thought someone had a question. Nobody got a question. 

Is this on? Amanda, how are we doing? Tim, Tom, Victor, how's it going? Good. It all makes sense. I like it.

Yeah. Yeah. It's a much cleaner than a quant analyzer. 

Yeah. Well, the next step we'll show you a quant analyzer. Yeah. 

And just one sec. Yeah. So quant analyzer, this is the piece that replaces that would be the portfolio analyzer, right? So the, there's a few things we're still trying to work out, but basically when you save a template I saved the template for somebody that doesn't appear right away. 

I got to like restart the analyzer. It's kind of weird, but then it'll appear. So we're, we're trying to fix that, but we'll get that result. 

So here's what I just saved MD test one, two, three portfolio, right? And click load template. There we go. It's loaded.

And now this is literally the like what you can, what you can see and view relative to like, this is literally what quant analyzer would do on the left or all the stats that you would typically look at your average monthly profit, your win loss ratio, average bars and trade, like all the, all the things, right. And your average loss is 106. Your average win is 227 largest win, largest loss, like all the things. 

Right. And so ultimately that's kind of how this like how this works. But what we can do is we can look at the performance analysis. 

So across the bottom and I can say, you know, I'm going to look at weekly and I'm gonna look at the combined like profit P and L and drawdown or just the max drawdown. Right. So this obviously is expressed in negative terms, the net profit relative to the drawdown. 

And you can see, obviously we do lose, right. And most people try to spend their whole life trying to figure out how to never lose a trade ever. And if you just accept it as, you know, like your trades losing trades should be like a paper cut. 

It's like, yeah, it's annoying, but it shouldn't change your mood. It shouldn't alter, you know, your trading plan dramatically. Every time you take a loss, it, it is what it is as part of the game. 

Right. And so, and you'll see here that we have lots of, lots of green bars and how big they are relative to the profit. And in this case, we're just looking at weekly. 

So each one of these bars represents a week. Right. Now, if you want to see how far this goes over a monthly, you'll see there's quite a few months.

Right. And what happens if this is your very first month right here and you start hearing like, oh, it, it doesn't work. I'm going to just throw this out. 

Well, you'll see that it more than makes up for in the next few months. Some of them, some of your months are very, very small wins, right. Very small wins, but they all add up over time. 

Right. Small wins, small wins, but sometimes you have huge wins. Right. 

And then a small win and then another huge win. So this is like the, this chart right here tells me you have to be consistent. You have to stick with it. 

Right. We're a lot of times. So hope hyper focused on like each individual. 

Well, that's even a little too much, but each individual day of the week, daily it's there's so many trades that go on and this, this is like what, like three and a half, almost four years. So each day has a lot of, a lot of bars to look at here, but day of the week you'll see yeah, the middle part of the week is not as profitable. Right. 

And then weekly, monthly, yearly. Right now, obviously 2025 is not over yet, so it's going to be a little bit smaller. But yeah, it's it's got all the type of things that you would typically see inside of your quant analyzer, but it's built in. 

So long story short, you don't have to install anything else. And this will come as a zip file. So it'll be a zipped up file with an installer, like an actual installer. 

And so there's one thing you do need to know when it comes to the installer. And that is let me show you when you first install it, you might get a, something that looks like this. Microsoft defender, smart screen, prevent an unrecognized app. 

We're not like recognized by Microsoft just yet, one day. But all you can do is you can click this button here, more info, and there'll be a run button that will appear. Okay. 

Now, previously you guys had a zip file. They had to unzip for the templates, right? I believe that's what you guys did before. Correct. 

Now it was, now what we're going to do is we have just a single zip file, which has an installer and the installer will take, it will load several things. One, two, and three different things. One is the portfolio analyzer. 

One of these days I'll get this right. Portfolio analyzer. Right. 

So that's one thing. The portfolio builder. So remember the builder replaces the, the portfolio builder replaces the, the, the spreadsheet, the Google sheets, portfolio analyzer here. 

That's going to replace what that's going to replace the quant analyzer and then the actual like template. So it will say the bot templates. So that's that 001 to like 258 or whatever. 

Those, those numbered templates relative to the bot. It's going to basically you're going to have a zip file. You're going to unzip it and run the installer and it's going to automatically put these in place. 

Boom, boom, boom. Does that make sense? So you have to install this and install that and then install this, all of it, boom, all at once. Okay. 

And again, if you come to this screen right here, you're going to click more info and then a button will say, okay, I understand. I trust this company, the source. And then you're going to click a run.

Okay. Let's see. What else? Got lots of, lots of cool stuff in here. 

We can look at the actual trades themselves. So again, this is all based on the type of stuff you can do in quant analyzer. So there's tabs across the bottom here. 

You can look at the different you can look at the individual strategies themselves, like how they all like work together to contribute to the drawdown, to the profit factor, to the trades, right? In this case, you'll see this, this one here at the bottom has 260 trades, but it's only contributed $2,543. Well, this one up here is taken less than that and made significantly more, right? So those are the types of choices you're going to have to make. It's really up to you guys, what you want to do like trading wise, right? Again, part of that is because this is late night after hour, just not going to contribute a lot, but it is what it is. 

Okay. The other thing is, again, we can look at the trades and then the kind of the periods, right? So here's kind of the return, the trades, like all these kind of accumulated on a per actually, this only shows through December. Why is this show through December? I took a look. 

I wonder why that's showing this through December. It should show through. I need to look at that. 

And then here's a correlation right here showing that there's some slight problems maybe on, on some of these when I'm combining them. So again, green is good. Yellow is warning. 

Red is definitely, definitely going to have problems. Your portfolio generator, like if you wanted to, well, I'll have to spend another session on this. There's a lot to go through here, but here's some stuff we put in here, like troubleshooting help, help stuff that kind of like built in guide, so to speak instructions. 

So it shows some of the stuff that we went over here, but again, all this is, again, we built all this to provide for you all at no extra cost. So yeah, lots of cool stuff. We're going to, we're trying to resolve a couple little issues that have come up that we've seen here, but any questions about this? I'm super excited about this stuff. 

Amanda, Victor. Yeah, I've got a couple of questions for you, Matt, and I'll just hit you with a quick, quick succession of things. Really three things. 

One, explain the philosophy if you can. I should have probably asked Tracy about this. Why multiple bots? Why four, five, six, or seven sometimes bots? What's the idea behind that? So when it covers your losses, when some lose, some win, is that the general theory behind it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

Great question. So I don't have something preloaded to kind of demonstrate that, Victor, but I don't know if you guys have seen when you run one bot, you have like one outcome, right? You have like X number, like when you run a back test, X number of results, X number of drawdown, right? There's a counter correlation when you add more bots that run at different times or trade different strategies or trade different assets. I've actually seen this personally myself many times. 

I'll add two or three other bots and my drawdown actually comes down and my profit goes up, right? Why? Because one bot might be losing while another one's winning, right? So if you're only running one, whatever happens with that bot is like your result for the day. If you're running two, yes, you're taking a little bit more risk, but sometimes, more times than not, you're actually making, taking more trades and these are, you know, like the idea here is like there's edge to this and you want to exploit the edge, just like a casino would exploit its edge, even if it's like a two or 3% edge, like 50-50 odds with a two or 3% little, you know, better than any mini money boat kind of odds. And so the idea is you can run multiple bots and you can, because you're doing that, you're also speeding up the account to, as far as getting funded, you can do a lot more with it, especially if you're trading different assets. 

So that's the idea is I'll, let me see if I can find some, some preloaded examples that I'll have ready to show you on my next call, Victor, where I can show you one bot has like 2,200 to draw down. I add two more bots and the drawdown goes from 2,200 negative to 1,200 and then you get funded significantly faster. So that's the general, obviously doesn't always work like that, but that's, that's the general idea. 

Yeah. Great. Thank you. 

And a second thing in terms of strategy, the long-term training we've received is the 50k prop account. I've written that from day one. It works great. 

I wonder Matt, if it's time to sort of rethink that a little bit, given the power of these portfolios. Maybe. So yeah, yes and no. 

That's a short answer. Yeah. Yeah. 

Go ahead. Yeah. So obviously like if we're looking at what I just randomly grabbed right here on my screen you'll see that the, the drawdown is more than the $2,500 of that's allowed. 

Right. So the downside to the bigger accounts is you need more wins to for them to be profitable. Right. 

Does that make sense to get a 75k, a hundred K, 125, I forget what all Apex has, but all the way up to 300, right. 300k account. Right. 

So keep in mind, each one of these needs a certain number of winning trades, assuming you're using the same risk as a percentage. So if you're using 10% of your drawdown per trade, you need more, more wins as you go higher all the way up to, I think this needs like 27 wins. Now 50k only needs 12 wins. 

So there's advantage and disadvantage, right? These are significantly harder to get funded because you have a lot more wins with a very tighter tolerance for losses. Right. I think you can have a 7,500 drawdown, but I think, does anyone remember what the goal is for, I think it's 20k is the goal for 20, for this is 20k. 

So you got 20k goal and 7.5 drawdown, right. That's almost a three to one ratio. Not quite, but almost a three to one ratio, meaning for every dollar that you're allowed to lose, you have to make $3. 

Whereas over here on the 50k, you have a 3k and a minus 2.5. That's almost a one-to-one rule. You see what I'm saying? So you can do bigger accounts. I know several people have told me they're going to be getting bigger accounts. 

That's certainly fine. I still have 300s that I got funded, I don't know, back in January, February. Seems like a long time ago, but yes, yes and no. 

Yes, you can, but it's difficult. It's significantly more difficult. It's like a three to one. 

Whereas over here is almost like a one to one ratio where, and I'm the ratio of what is your goal relative to your drawdown? What is your goal relative to your drawdown? That's the only thing. Those numbers have not changed yet. It's just interesting how it changes my mindset. 

I was always in a hurry, but this approach, there's no hurrying it. It's going to move at its pace. And if I can endure more losses, if I can open up that risk a little more, and I know that my bots are working.

So I ask this only because I just got my, all my PAs are 50K, except one. My portfolio just gave me my first 100K account and it did it in pretty good time. And I just wonder if maybe somewhere down the line, we start rethinking that 50K as the benchmark. 

It probably always will be the benchmark, but I want, or some traders might make more. Yeah, I think there's advantage and disadvantage to have a mix of them. Just keep in mind, it's going to take longer to do some of the bigger ones. 

But in this case, if I have $3,000 of drawdown, then I can't do this in 50K. It's got to be something that can accept more than 3000 and change of drawdown. And then my final question is the VPS. 

Do you see any issues with running multiple bots on a VPS? Are you still using the same one that you've used so long? Yes. So we've had, some people had tons of problems and we've had some people have never had a problem. I don't know if anyone's on here, like what issues they've had or not had with VPS, but I don't know. 

It's random. Yeah. Because you recommend the smallest, least powerful version of it, which is great. 

But I wonder if we might want to go a little, the next level up just to make sure you've got enough juice. I don't know. Sure. 

Yeah. It's definitely, so I've run, I think three at a time. I've never really got into five or I think here, my example is like seven or something. 

I haven't, I haven't got into that just yet, but three at a time works pretty well. But, but yeah, I mean, that's a great question and I don't know if I have the answer for you, but certainly more, more hardware wouldn't hurt. It just costs a little bit more.

So, but yeah. So someone asked, where do you get the zip file, Tom? So when you go into the bot trading community, so on the, on the left here, bot trading community, you go into courses, recordings. You'll scroll down here where it says new works with NinjaTrader 8.1.6. So you guys see that or newer. 

So you click on that and then scroll. Tracy has a video on it. You scroll down here, download this. 

Yep. And, and this, this is a zip file you're going to on extract or unzip. Most of the bots are zipped up that you don't instruct you to install it via the zip file.

In this case, you will extract this and then run the installer. So, but yeah. Yep. 

Great questions. What else? What other questions you guys have for us? I'm super, I hope you guys are all up and, up and running with this in the next week or two. Anyone watching the videos, same, you know, same thing. 

Yep. So Tom says, can we pick ones that have less than 50% profitable? So, sorry, the, that, that previous screen was not a 50% profitable. It was kind of the weighting, if that makes sense. 

So on this, I was saying I'm waiting the net profit 50% and the max drawdown 50%. I'm waiting them 50, 50, giving them equal. And that's how we, we added up to the total of 100%. 

But yeah, you, you certainly can. You would just go into here and look at, you know, like, like over time, the more you trade it. Well, so, okay. 

So being profitable has something to do with what your, your, when your, your what is it called the, what do we call it? The profit taker setting is right. So the higher the profit taker setting, the less profitable you'll be as a, as a percentage, right. Which means for example, if I, if I'm just doing a one-to-one ratio obviously for every dollar I risk, I make a dollar that you need 50, 50 odds just to break even right. 

50, 50% profitable. However, if I have a profit taker of three, which means I'm going to, I'm going to make $3 for every $1 I risk. I really need something over at about 33 and like 0.3% to be like break even. 

Right. Which means when I win, I win $3. When I lose, I lose $1. 

So the higher your, your take profit. So I guess I would say the higher your take profit is the lower your, your percent profitable is going to be. They're going to be like the yin and the yang. 

As you lower your profit taker, your, your win rate is going to be higher. So I would never look at any one factor, any one variable just by itself and latch onto that just by itself because you can have a very high win rate, but when you lose, you lose $30. When you win, you win $1. 

That's going to be a problem, right? It's like you have huge risk. Every once in a while it works and met some huge windfall, you know, so you just have to be mindful of not to latch onto any one specific variable by itself, like in a vacuum, like independent of everything else. I like, I like to look at all and make some accurate decisions. 

So I'm not sure if that answers that Tom, but good questions. What other questions you guys got for me, Tim, Victor, this is making sense. So highly recommend you guys download and start playing with this. 

Again, this, the builder replaces, let's see, the builder here replaces the spreadsheet is where you're picking what you want to use. The analyzer is replacing the quant analyzer. So all of this is now going forward, built into NinjaTrader. 

We don't need third-party tools. You have to download or install anything outside of this. So yeah, super cool stuff. 

Refresh. Thank you, Matt and Tracy. I've already gotten two accounts with these portfolio systems.

I love it. Thank you so much. Cool, man. 

Yeah. Yeah. How cool. 

I'll definitely, the more I use it, I'll be jotting down some questions that I have for next time if I run into some issues. Okay. Awesome. 

Cool. All right, Tom, do you have any questions? Let's see. So the better strategy is to use these prebuilt ones and up. 

So Tom, you can use your own. The thought, I guess you could say, is by using the prebuilt ones, you're kind of saving yourself. It's kind of like we verified and they meet our criteria, I guess is what you could say.

So instead of finding your own, like hunting and finding your own, we're like, oh, here they are on a plate. Just pick which ones you want to, you know, think about which ones you want to combine and have work together. So that's the, yeah, it's kind of the basic idea there.

Nice too, with them being back-tested for such a longer amount of time. Sample size. Yeah. 

So a lot of them were three, four, five, six, 700 trades. It's not just 10 or 20. It's a lot more. 

So they're a lot more vetted, I guess you could say, but yeah. Cool. Awesome guys. 

Well, thanks for hanging out with me. I'll get this video posted shortly. Reach out if you have any questions. 

Have a great day. Will do. Thanks, Matt. 

Good seeing you.