Did you guys know that you can also use the bots with stocks? Did you guys know that? What? So you mean for stocks? Yes for stocks. So there's a catch though. You have to have like a broker and it doesn't work with funded accounts. 

So for example Uh, if you guys can see my screen, I have a connection set up here Um for so you go to connections You see I have a schwab connection you see that I have a schwab connection here And um, so I can connect to schwab i'm gonna disconnect for for now But I have a schwab connection connected and I can run a back test on tesla so someone was saying they have a problem with their tesla connection and i'm like i disconnected and All the settings you gave me i'm able to run a back test. He was having a whole bunch of zeros come through here I'm, like i'm getting this. It's not a great back test, but i'm like i'm downloading stuff. 

It seems to be working so what's interesting is that um You can use it with funded accounts and there's dozens of funded accounts out there Apex is probably the most popular in our community. Why? Uh, probably because of the 80 to 90 percent off That's something to do with it. That's why it's so popular. 

Okay Schwab is schwab and interactive brokers are two different traditional brokers traditional stock brokers That you have to have your own money in an account and then you can connect the bots to that account and it can trade stocks So the same process would work except it's not funded accounts. It's your real money accounts. Okay, so it works pretty cool It works same same way as uh as funded accounts except Uh, you don't you don't get funded accounts funded using your real brokerage account So anyways all that to say that I was able to connect and get a tesla back test to run Um, and you guys can see some some trades that were taken here uh off tesla right here tesla tesla tesla and um The guy was just for whatever reasons having problems. 

He said he wasn't Whatever reason I don't know. Uh, he wasn't able to connect To his schwab account, so i'm not sure why um so switching gears real quick to back to the volume bob, this is a This is something I think I talked about. Um, correct me if i'm wrong on monday florencio And this is a back test showing a pretty significant drawdown to net profit ratio So six thousand dollars of drawdown Eighty one thousand dollars of gain. 

Well, you're like matt. That's uh, pretty good. What's your risk? Well, my risk is a thousand dollars, right? So that's basically the equivalent of 81 or 81 risk units So obviously if I was to chop off a zero make it 100 You can chop off a zero on here and chop off a zero over here and ultimately I think it's a pretty good Kind of back test overall in this case. 

We're trading the big contract of es Rather we're not trading the we're not trading mes. We're trading the big boy. Yes, the Es is the s&p 500 Contract, right? The s&p 500. 

It's not the the little one. It's the big one. Uh, I think they refer to them as e-minis Not the micros And so on this one on this back test, we're basically going back essentially going back a year, right? So going back to 2020, uh starting in august of last year, so 2024 through uh, july 31st of 2025 and one of the things that everyone is trying to like look for and find like the magic back test that Has all these magic properties and and ultimately at the end of the day um, you can get um, you can be like paralyzed and go cross-eyed looking at all the back tests And all the optimizations all the things at the end of the day just start with something Even if it doesn't work right away, that's okay start with something, right? The the the thing I always like to look at Uh, which is this, uh this curve here is this bottom left to top, right? Um, this is this shows me that over time That this is going to work over time now Now if you if you were to take any one little moment Maybe like a little a month or two and see that doesn't always make money You know exactly every month or two but over time it does make money and the difference is Um people people will look at and we've had you know We've had hey our share of haters over over the years where someone would say I didn't make money during this little period of time we're like That is that that's not a good enough sample size to really judge It's like I didn't make a million dollars in my first month of trading. 

Therefore. It's all a scam, right? It's like that's not that's that's not a good enough like sample size It's not a good enough judge Certainly a month or two is certainly not enough time to to really um You know judge whether or not something is going to work now obviously if it blows up an account and you did everything right then that's you know that that is what it is, but Ultimately you have to give it some time to work and ideally what you can do Is if I was to switch over here to the monthly you'll see here that for the uh For every single month it made money with one exception and that one month it lost a little bit of money No big deal, right and it made a little bit of money one month so Imagine making eleven thousand one month three hundred fifty the next four hundred forty one hundred seven, right? And you guys can see that it's not really like most people like I need to make x amount a week or x amount a month And there's no like averages. There's just extremes You guys see that And these settings are Like you guys can take a screenshot of them. 

I'm in the cst central Central time zone and what we're looking at right now is the volume bot We're looking at the 2.3 And this is what we're going to be Kind of referring to and kind of talking about more a lot more on monday this coming monday In our q a session, which is called a recommended Settings so our recommended settings Is what tracy ball has spent a lot of time on i'm not going to steal our thinner and give everything anything away But there'll be a spreadsheet where you guys can kind of get some shortcuts and get some recommended settings Uh for any or all the bots and you can end up building like a portfolio so you can decide how much risk you want to have per bot or per account in like a symbol Many of you guys have seen us Do demonstrations on taking multiple bots and then building a combined back test. Have you guys seen that? before no You've never seen that before the there's a free tool that we've uh that there's videos on how to do it but there's a free tool um on how to uh, uh, i'm trying to think what it's called i'm blanking on the What is that called? Um Blanking on the name of it I just went over it like two weeks ago too with my with one of my classes But you can basically take the export so you like imagine taking all the trades From multiple bot settings exporting these trades and then combining them. So like this will give you a single back test, right? Imagine I have two other bots that also, you know will give me Like two other like for a total of three different bots, they'll give me three separate back tests But what if I want to look at a combined? back test Like what would that look like and that's essentially what it is, let me um, let me find it I'm, sorry, so it would be like an average of all three of them. 

No, it's not an average It actually combines them all. Yeah, and it's driving me crazy. I cannot think of what it's called Give me one second. 

I'll find it for you guys. Yeah, it's uh, it's pretty cool. It's a free tool So how would it decide which trade to take if it's using three different? No, it uses all of them. 

It uses all of them. It uses all the trades it combines all the trades Okay, so like essentially obviously it'd be up to your discretion um you know like like if you have um Let's say that you have Three different bots one that you're running on monday tuesday something else you're running on wednesday something else You're running on thursday friday, right? So like three different bots and you don't want to look at each individual back test You want to look at all what do they all three look like combined? Oh, I just thought it was called quant analyzer. There we go Quant analyzer So yeah, i'll show you guys Um, but it's uh, it's a pretty cool tool because you can export all of the trades and import them I think I have some examples in here already loaded Uh, let's see. 

Hang on one sec But it's a free tool. I'll just use the free version. It's uh, it's pretty cool Let's see what so are you talking as an example? That you run a back test And you do let's just say you do monday and tuesday, right? Yep, and it comes back pretty good But then when you add wednesday and thursday, man, it just goes down and you're like man, that wasn't any good No, it's the other way around is is like monday and tuesday are great by themselves, but you found Something else that works really well on thursday and friday and then something else that right on wednesday And you're you don't want to see three separate back tests You want to see what is the combined view if I ran all three of those, you know separately on their special days What does that look like? Got it with three separate settings, right? Correct three separate bots with different settings each. 

Yep. That's right. Okay. 

Yep. So, um, let me uh, See if I can let me load a couple of these So what what I mean I go through uh, I kind of teach this in one of our It's kind of there's a class in our community that kind of walks through how to do this, but essentially what I did was I took um, so I was teaching a class and I had some volunteers gave me like what they liked. So peter Dr. Joe, they gave me different things. 

They liked and i'm like, okay So we ran a back test and then we um here in in the the back test itself This is an example back test. You can go in here to trades and export So you go to export and you can build a csv file Like an export list of all the trades that the back test, uh has taken right? So we're going to that export becomes the import For this quant analyzer. So what I can do is I can run an import. 

Let's say okay I want to import these uh And that one is has an error in it. So we'll skip that one Yep, and so what you can see down here in the bottom left is I imported Actually, I may delete that one so I I imported two different one had actually two of them had an error So I imported two different bots, right? So one is in q and one is m in q So what i'm going to do is i'm going to check both of these So imagine again, these are two separate back tests But I want to create a portfolio And i'm going to combine and i'll call it the combined Portfolio Right click enter And now if I was to go back you'll see that uh, six thousand plus thirteen thousand right added Is collectively combined nineteen thousand you see that so I added these I say, okay both lists of trades We're going to combine them and now we're going to look at stats of what the combined version looks like and that's what this is And so now we're going to look at the combined drawdown The combined dollar amounts number of trades combined profit factor like all those stats Now combined right and so I can also look at uh, what's what's an equity chart, right? So um, one of these bots has like the green chart you see that it's like the The uh the line over over time how well it performed the second one is one is red and one is green But then you look at the blue is like both of them combined And what this free tool will do? Is it will also show you? Uh, where is it at a stagnation marker? You guys ever seen this where it's like Okay for the first like in this case 22 days. It just There's 22 days where it just didn't really make lots of progress Right and so that's kind of like okay if I can sit through 22 days of Kind of going up a little down a little up a little down a little that's kind of like your Your no-man's land once you can kind of get out of that so to speak You'll be okay and kind of continue growing And so ultimately that's kind of what this tool does is it takes individual back tests you can combine them um And see like an overview back test of what that looks like if I was to scroll down just a little bit you'll see Things things like the the normal um Like stats that you want to see the max of consecutive wins Max consecutive losses like all the stats again two different back tests that we combined into a single Right. 

It shows you all the stats gross profit gross loss average win Average loss all the different um settings and and then you can also look at Like here's all the trades that were that were taken some were m and q and some were nq right? So two different Two different assets so to speak so anyways That's what this tool is and this is the it's called quant analyte quant analyzer for a pretty cool tool. Yeah And you can say I just want to see the long or the short or long and short And then they have a couple different uh views of this uh, if you wanted to look at this, um, they have a A couple different like report formats so to speak so you can Scroll down and this is we built this back, uh earlier this summer So this is showing you know, this is kind of what happened in march. This is april. 

This is may this is june That's kind of like the performance During each of those months and then kind of you know, the total combined. Yep, exactly and again remember it's two separate back tests So if you have something that you like to run monday tuesday wednesday, and then something else on thursday and friday That's like the purpose of this you can take Both back tests. You don't take an average you want to combine both of them, right? That also means Consecutive number of losers consecutive number of winners all those are important When it comes to drawdown if you're running these both in a single account right so Well, yeah, that's kind of what this is and uh, it's a pretty cool tool for for free uh, i'll Um venture to say that you definitely get your money's worth Where is that downloadable at yeah, yeah, i'll give you a link. 

Yeah, it's just online. Um Quant analyzer four. Yep Yeah, because I was going to make a a comment regarding the previous page where you had the chart there There you go. 

Yep. So again, i'm just using the free version. You don't have to uh, You don't have to even purchase there might be some cool features in the paid version. 

I'm just using the free version um What was your what were you looking at the term of the equity chart here? Yeah, so Obviously the green and the blue you were mentioning if you look at them. They're very very similar, right? I mean the green and the red One's more dominant than the other right? Well, the green and the red are the two bots. The blue is the combined version right but but my question was or my comment was the green and the blue are more aligned because The the green is more aligned. 

In other words, that's the 13 and a half thousand that it that it produced, right? In other words you had more wins on that one. Yes. So the red the red is the 6000 right 6000 plus so that one, uh, it started off not too bad, but then it just kind of It's a slower. 

It's a slower contribution Right, but it's more stable. It doesn't have as many ups and downs. Yeah, it's a slower contributor. 

Yeah Yeah, so it doesn't even look like the top ones but because it's the less dominant right is that yeah and I believe Yeah, and I believe when we did this there were um, two different guys had one had five hundred dollars of risk The other had 250 So your your wins and your losses are going to be a lot less pronounced. Yeah, right because you have um yeah, this had a two r so five hundred dollars with the two r win would have been uh, Like when you when you win you win, um a thousand dollars when you lose you lose 500 Right. So plus a thousand or minus 500. 

That's kind of what that was the other one Um, we didn't really note what happened, but I think it was just down 250 Maybe it was like plus 300 or something like that. So it wasn't nearly as dramatic But that but yeah, it's a it's a good observation about the but it's more stable, right? So you don't have to keep looking at the whole thing and say oh what's it doing today? Because the lines are right a little bit more straight I guess you could say So yeah, you may not win as much but you're more stable in your in your yeah, it's more smooth more steady eddy Right That's right. And it's it's smaller risk too, right? You're only risking half because obviously you could double the risk here To to get the same equivalent risk and you know, it'd be a bigger line, right? So right but at the beginning you don't want to I mean Yeah, it would be nice to get the green line, right? Yeah, like at the beginning if they both started losing it would look something like that at the beginning But because the uh, the greens started losing right out the gate That's where your biggest drawdown kind of comes from right there right start off. 

Not so good. Yeah Yeah, and like let's be honest how many people I could handle it But how many people could handle, you know sitting through a little bit of like maybe three or four or five losing trades right? At the beginning would they stick with it or would they be tempted to change most people be tempted to change Right change something, right? That's why I was kind of mentioning the red line where it's more stable So if you're not into the upswings and downswings, right and you're more eddy steady, you're like hey, man, i'd rather just Go slower. I may not make as much But I also don't have the headaches of having to look at and go oh my god, you know, this thing's going backwards Yeah, exactly and and like psychologically the negative impact of a losing trade is twice as powerful as The positive of a winning trade which you know said another way means two winning trades Kind of equal the negative impact of one losing trade, right? So most people have to have kind of a higher win rate just to kind of be even keel, you know emotionally So right so so for example When things are going wrong Well, not wrong, but they're they're not going the way you're you're hoping for right like the first The first what two months or how is that from weeks or whatever when the blue line goes first couple weeks. 

Yep yes, so You're more likely to panic and want to change when you're not winning, right? Sure, but when you start to win Like, uh, what is it like the end of march or whatever when it's like the third week of march? Yep Yeah, so right there. You don't say hey i'm winning. Let me change everything You know That's where a lot of people, you know, even though they're automated you still have the human element can still sabotage everything Yeah, you'd be surprised how often we have that conversation with people. 

Yeah Yeah, you don't say hey i'm winning. Let me change everything because I don't like I don't know. I don't like i'm winning too much Yeah, oh man, that's pretty funny but but it's true I guess People want to mess with it when and I get it not well, like ultimately if if things are like Like like if you're going to go ahead, sorry I'm, sorry. 

No, I was gonna say now if you ran the whole thing, right? What was this three months you said or however, however many months? And you run the whole three months and at the end of the three months you just went upside down the whole time Well, then I yeah, I you know, you want to look at maybe changing something, right? but if overall You're going up and at the end of the day you make a profit You know, maybe some light adjustments might be warranted but you're not going to change to change your whole system uh Just to try to see if you can get a higher profit The end of the day what you want is just to be profitable, right? Now, yeah to what degree that's going to depend on how much risk you want to take well to me I feel like after all these years it really boils down to what do you do when you lose and what do you do when You have a losing streak Because you don't really have to learn anything or do anything differently when you're winning when you have winning days winning weeks Like no behavior change required But the hard part is what do you do when you have losing days losing weeks sometimes losing months, right? What do you do in those things? do you want to just blow everything up start all over like those are the real tests of You know, do you follow the plan still even though it doesn't appeal or maybe temporarily feel like it's working? That's a real test right there Do you still follow the plan? Or do you just throw everything out and like I actually met a lady, um Uh, she she admitted that every time she has like a week or two of losing she finds a brand new strategy and I asked her I said how What's the longest you've ever stuck with one strategy and she said no more than three weeks And I said how long you've been trading she said 10 years I said wait, let me get this straight You've been trading over 10 years and you've never stuck with one strategy more than three weeks Like how can anything ever have a real chance of three weeks good grief, that's that's like wow You don't want to date with her. It's almost like the our our short-term impulsive Need to win is sabotages all of our long-term goals It's it's pretty interesting I had never talked to anyone like that before until her that i'm like are you wow I didn't realize she was being serious until she told me yeah, which is what which is the point I was trying to make earlier, which is When you start to win You don't automatically say hey, wait a minute. Why am I winning so much? Let me change it, right? Something's wrong. 

I'm winning. Yeah, exactly. Yeah I mean, let me change it. 

I mean you could you could say well if I changed it a little bit Maybe i'll win even more And then you start to lose and you're like, oh no now I really have to you know I messed everything up now. I gotta change everything But what you're saying is Find a winning strategy That fits your level of comfort And once you find that level of comfort of winning and losing Then stick to it. For example going back to this chart that you still have up I may look at this and say i'm happy with with the red line. 

Sure. I I can do the red line all day long I don't have any problems, but then somebody might come in and like you said, that's too mellow for them Yeah, it's too low man. I need to have ten thousand. 

I need some craziness. Yeah Yeah, and they're gonna mess with the formula and next thing you know, they're not they're not making the ten thousand They're only making I don't know if they're lucky maybe two three thousand so at the end of the day They're not getting what they want. Even if they make the changes Sure, because they're not sticking to a strategy like you said, right? So once you find that winning strategy, I would just say I mean just stick with it Because overall you're gonna go up. 

That's right You know You know what? I mean? Like you're gonna have more wins than if you're changing the system like that lady the whole you know Every three weeks are changing the system Yeah, you're not even giving yourself enough time to see if it and I had uh, someone else told me they said if they have two losing trades in a row They're gonna like bail on everything and i'm like, well, hang on. Let's go back. Let's even look at your back test I'm like, let's look at this one here max consecutive losses this you know, nine's kind of hefty personally, you know Personally, it's hefty but this tells you what to expect and you're okay with this and then two in you're gonna bail like you need to like rethink that You know this tells you what you can expect and then you're not even you know twenty percent through it and you're bailing on it, so It's almost like um, it's like the odds of you know rolling two sixes with two, you know, two pairs of dice it's like You know the first two tries if you don't get it then the odds are you're gonna you're closer to getting those Two sixes, right? But if you don't get it the second time you're like, oh i'm gonna start Give me a brand new set of dice and let's start all over from scratch You're like resetting all of your odds and it just makes you feel better But it you're like you're sabotaging everything By doing that, you know what I mean? So I don't get it, but it is what it is that you know, the like I said the human emotion can still sabotage everything but right, it's probably the hardest thing to teach people, um is You know, don't be human. 

Don't be emotional, but it's the hardest thing and believe it or not even with funded accounts People are so emotional and and I told the guy last week I said, you know imagine how emotional we are with funded accounts. Imagine if this is a real account How like real money brokerage account he's like, oh, I I would lose it. I'm like Well, you gotta you gotta build up to it. 

You know, you'll get there just it's gonna take some time to To build the stomach for it, you know Yeah, there has to be a certain level of uh of certainty No, it's not certainty. It's you have to you have to be okay with It's gonna work, you have to be okay with the heat sometimes. Yeah Well, think of it this way. 

Let's say a trade immediately Starts losing right and it hasn't hit your stop loss, but immediately starts losing. What do you do? Do you look away and do nothing and just let it play out or you try to sabotage and intervene and tighten like I mean i've I used to do that I'd try to help it and then I end up sabotaging it It ends up kicking me out of the trade for a loss and it goes on to win. I'm like Well hell if I would have done nothing I would have won but me and all my brilliance thought I knew better You just learned that over you're like, okay for the 17,000th time I should I should know better by now, you know, but that's that's really what happens is like Um, like you can have trades that immediately like move against you and it hasn't had to stop. 

What do you do? I just walk away Right, which is what it walk away. Yeah, and it's funny how many times people want to micromanage the trade that the bot takes It's like I thought I thought most people just want the time freedom. It's like if you want time freedom That's why you want bots. 

Are you micromanaging it though? I don't understand. I really don't so Right. Well, that was my point of the certainty meaning that you have to be certain that your strategy is going to work Uh, and and part of the I guess what you were saying right now is The human Strategy not not each individual trade. 

You don't really know. Yeah, right And for as an example, well, i'm not a cook or anything like that But i've you know, I made some cakes before and stuff like that I remember my mom when when she was kind of showing me how to cook, you know, make the cakes and everything And our my tendency was to want to open up the the oven to see if it was ready And she kept telling me not to do that She goes because every time you open up the oven you're letting out the You know the heat and you're not going to get a steady a steady flow of heat and so It's kind of like that same kind of analogy that we we want to keep opening up the the oven to see if it's ready But you just have to let it run its course, right? You gotta dig up the seeds and see if the plants Yeah, just let it go and then just when it's when the Alarm sounds then you open it up then you're good to go Yeah. Yeah. 

Yeah So, okay Yeah, so again, if you guys are interested, um, I put a link in our chat here in zoom If you guys are interested to download this, this is a free download Um, I think it when you sign up at oscure to register and it'll email you a free license code To use quant analyzer. Um, so yeah, it's uh, it's pretty cool tool if you want to combine Multiple back tests to see how well it performs and again, uh, if you uh This will be a tool that you'll you'll want to have downloaded. Um ahead of our our next meet up on monday Um, so when we talk about bots and recommended settings, this will definitely come in handy So, okay. 

Yeah All right Cool. Okay. Now i'll i'll send you i'll keep in touch regarding the uh, machine id machine id Yeah, i'm basically starting over again from from step one, okay Okay, I had one turn computer on Okay, sure. 

Yeah, no worries. It's all good Cool. Uh, let's see who else cory. 

Do you have any back tests? Hello? No, I don't have any back tests, okay Great conversation though thus far. Yeah, you've seen the quant analyzer before i've taught that in class before I have seen it. I have not downloaded it Okay, got it. 

Well link is there in in the zoom chat if you guys want to download it Otherwise, that's what I have for you guys Uh, we'll see you guys all on monday All right, thanks. Yep. Have a great weekend. 

We'll see you guys. Yeah. Bye. 

Thanks