How's it going, Charles? Go ahead and repeat your. So you think the first trade of the day always loses. Over like what, how many trades are we talking about? Over like a week, two weeks? Like how many trades are we looking at? Because you're muted right now, by the way.

But I'm sure you're saying awesome things. Oh, the number of trades, probably three out of four this week and a couple last week. Sorry, so I guess my question is like the sample size.

Is that just, like how many total trades, how many total days has it taken trades? I started it middle of last week. Okay, so it's roughly a week or so, okay. So the temptation is to alter that based on what you've seen happen in a week.

You know what's gonna happen the moment you alter it, it's gonna start winning and then the afternoon trades are gonna start losing and then all you're taking is the losing trades, right? So I would say just give it some time, let it play out. Ultimately, when we talk about what we call sample size, what that really refers to is like enough trades to make an informed decision on, right? So like you'd never make a decision based on one or two trades. You're like, well, it could have any mean amount of money, like who knows what could happen.

And the temptation is pretty much every time something, like anytime something loses, we're tempted to alter it, right? And so what I try to recommend people do is kind of split their decision-making from the outcome, right? So like what would, forget the outcome that's happening, what would the best thing be to do here in this case? And probably just let it run longer and get more trades to make an informed decision, right? Because you would be kind of prematurely altering it early on, right? With only a handful, let's say five trades or six trades as what we would call a sample size. Does that make sense? Yes. So ideally you have at least 20 plus trades and they all lose, then maybe I say 20 straight losses, then I say maybe revisit that.

Otherwise, give it a little bit more time to get enough sample size. Because I've literally seen people rewrite their entire rule book every time they take a losing trade. And the human temptation is I took a loss, I don't wanna do that again, what can I do different, right? That's like the human nature.

Sometimes you can do everything right and still lose. And sometimes you can do everything wrong and get lucky and win, right? Like there's a flip side of that. And so that's my recommendation is just get at least 20 trades under your belt with that without changing it and see how that works.

Murphy's law would say the moment you alter it, it starts losing. Then you alter it again, it starts losing some more. And if you just let it be, you probably would have been okay.

So yeah, do you have a back test you want us to look at or something? Or no. And the same for you, Tim, I don't know if you have or Amanda, if you guys have some back tests to review. Let's see, I'm trying to think which one it was.

I don't have anything to review, but I am still just playing with the portfolio and just trying to put stuff together and see what I like. Yeah, I saw you asked about like mixing winning combinations. Do you have, have you found just like one that you like and just like run one by itself without like combining and just like try one pre- Oh, one bot? Yeah.

Because like multiple obviously makes it add some layers of complication, you know, complexity. So I always think just keep it simple to just start with. Obviously you get to complexity, but you don't wanna start with complexity because you'll feel overwhelmed.

But is there any one that you like? Like the ones I've ran run this week, I've only taken two trades. They're both winners, so I can't really complain, right? I mean, it's kind of like the equivalent of, well, like what's today, Thursday. So like it's equivalent of four wins, two losses essentially, like still one, one, two, right, two out of two.

I've had, I think I've had a few wins and a few losses. Yeah. But I mean, it's only been a few, only a few trades.

It takes a trade every day. Okay. And what can you tell us about what you're running like mega orb, mega volume bot? Yeah, I have two mega orbs.

I think I have, there's a volume. Volume bot? Yep, the volume bot. I have the, let's see the other one, a mega scalper and a mega snapback.

I have like- Are you running all that in one account or two accounts or three accounts? Yes, all in one. So there's five bots that I'm using on one portfolio. Okay, got it.

It's just in a SIM account for now, just seeing how it goes. Yeah, no worries. And okay, yeah, that works.

Is there like, is five, is that a lot? Do you think that's too many? So you have to think about like, once you go to an evaluation, a funded evaluation account, what size account are you thinking about maybe potentially opening? If it's like a 50K account, then you have to just think about, like if you're using, sorry, 50K account, you have $2,500 of drawdown, right? That's your limit? Yeah. So if you're taking five trades, are they $100 of risk each or are they give or take or what is that? Yeah, the portfolio shows the drawdowns only 1,300 with all five of them. Okay.

Yeah, so I mean, it's- Okay. It's a $50,000 account that I'd be looking. Sure, okay.

Well then, yeah, you just have to keep in mind that when you're running, in each of those bots are all running every day or some scattered throughout the day or? Yeah, there's one bot that's only Monday and Friday. Okay. So are you really technically only running one bot per day then or are you running multiple bots? Some days there's five and then some days there's, in most days, there's four running.

So either four or five. Okay, and it's $100 of risk? What do you have it configured at? Yeah, yeah, they're all typically at 100. Gotcha.

So you just have to understand, like worst case scenario, you can lose like five, five losing trades in a day. Best case scenario, you can win five trades in a day. And if you have it set to two or three R, then you're gonna have more, bigger gains, right, against the losses.

So just that's the only thing you have to be mindful of is it's not too much. It's a little bit heavy for a new bot trader to manage, but if you're comfortable with it, then by all means, right. What's up, Solomon? Yo, yo, Matt, I'm in the house.

I see that. Does that make sense, Amanda? Kind of, sort of? Yeah, yeah, no, I agree. It was a little much the first few days when I was trying to manage them.

Yeah, yeah, yep. And at some point, you'll probably wanna consider like setting up a VPS if you haven't yet already. Right, yeah, I'm looking into it now.

Yeah, yeah. So I think I spend like 32 or 35 bucks a month and it's pretty cool because I can just like throw everything out there, you know, and install it. And then I have actually my Windows machine that I'm on right now, I can access the VPS.

My laptop, my, sorry, my MacBook in the other room, I can access the VPS. And on my iPhone, I can also access the VPS. So it's, I got like lots of different ways to check in on it and see how things are going, if there's any problems or whatever.

And it works really, really well. The advantage of VPS is of course, are you running on a desktop or a laptop right now, Amanda? Yeah, laptop. Okay, so obviously if you like close it or unplug it, if it dies, like all your connections, all the back and forth, you could get stuck in open trade if the laptop dies at the wrong place, right? Like the handshake between the bots and the broker are kind of disconnected at different points.

So that's the only risk you're taking, but for now, you know, keep it simple, right? So, yep. Could you tell me what the issue is using Rhythmic? Because I have another one, I have $150,000 account that is on Rhythmic, and I haven't- We just had a lot of connectivity problems with it. It's not that you can't use it.

It's just, we've had way better. I originally started out with Rhythmic accounts, and then I just canceled them all, went to Tradeavate, and I had like a fraction of the problems. I don't know why that was a thing.

A lot of clients, a lot of people would say the same thing, but, and then some people say, oh, I've never had any problems with Rhythmic. So, I don't know. It's just a weird connectivity thing.

So, you certainly can try it and use it. We were just having, and again, this is probably like a year ago. So it's been a little bit of time that we're just having some problems with the connections.

And so, like switching from Rhythmic to Tradeavate, like solved the issues almost overnight, which is kind of bizarre. Yeah. I already had mine set up on Rhythmic and I haven't had any trouble with it, so.

You haven't had trouble with Rhythmic? Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, there you go.

You have like all extremes, right? The only time I ever had issues is when I had both Rhythmic and Tradeavate accounts and was using a copier. So, when the copier was copying between Rhythmic and Tradeavate, I would have positions that would exit in one, but not in the other, or orders that would be skipped, so. Gotcha.

Makes sense. Yep. So, yeah, great questions.

What other questions do you have, Amanda? I think that covers my question. Gotcha. And you've joined, you've been with us for, what, about a month or so, something like that? Yeah, about a month.

Awesome. Well, happy one month. I'm not new to bots.

I've been using them for a while now. Okay. I just.

Did you use it with like MetaTrader? That's where most people come from, is MetaTrader. No, I've been doing Ninja scripts. Oh, okay, nice.

Awesome. So how do you feel about like what we, how we approach bot trading? I haven't really seen how other people do it with NinjaTrader, but. It's similar.

I just, you have a lot more info on how to run backtesting and all that, and your program just goes way more in depth than any other program I've been with. Oh, nice. See, I haven't really paid attention to what other people do because I always just do what I think is the best way to do it.

Okay. It's good to know. Cool.

Oh, welcome. Happy one month anniversary. Oh, thank you.

Yeah. All right, Charles, Tim, Solomon, what you guys got? Questions? I don't have a, necessarily a question. Mine's more of a thought experiment that might not even have a legitimate answer, but when I first started out, I liked to, when I would run my optimizations, I would like to make big optimizations.

Turn it on and walk away and let it run for four to six hours. I've narrowed it down because I've identified which indicators and things were not as important to manipulate, but one of the ones that I have a question on is with, let me pull up, push. With like the mega scalper, one of the things I've been trying to do is when I do run optimizations, to run shorter optimizations, I try to optimize a segment.

And then once I've narrowed that down, I optimize another segment. So like I might optimize the timeframe. Then I'll optimize the profit taker.

Then I might optimize the EMAs, which EMAs I'm using. And so my thought experiment is, is there an ideal order of, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna optimize in segments, is there like an ideal order which segments you would go after? The hard part is really the way you're doing it. You're kind of isolating things and it's a little bit different way how you're doing it than maybe say the recommended way, I guess you would say, because if you're, so like imagine like every data point, whether it's the profit factor, the start time, the stop padding rate, like all of those are different things.

And like every possible combination, there's as you know, zillions of hundreds of thousands, millions of possible combinations when you run through, let's say a dozen settings that each have thousands of variations, right? And then every possible combination of every possible combination. So what I try to do is I try to narrow and focus on the things that are the most important to me. Number one is, I can show you guys share with you.

I do it slightly different maybe. I know you said it's a thought experiment, but let me share with you kind of my approach. But ultimately there's three or four things that have give the best bang for the buck.

The rest are like little things. So obviously the day of the week, ideally you would use at least four, if not five days of the week, right? The risk, we'll say the risk and the max lot size, those need to be account specific. So if you're using a 50K count, 100K, 200, 300K, whatever size account, those should be fixed and those probably shouldn't change, right? So number one would be for me would be this.

These are fixed. So I don't really ever change those. The other thing is to be mindful of what you're asking the system to optimize, which also means like there's things in here that you can ask it to do that'll add to the workload that won't change the backtest.

For example, if futures trades 23 hours a day, five days a week, and I say, I wanna try Saturday and Sunday also, well, we're not looking at back earlier. If I also wanna try like Saturday and Sunday, I'm automatically gonna be adding to the workload with no real tangible results. It's like significantly, like a multiple of heavy workload for no real difference, if that makes sense, right? So you just have to be mindful of what you're asking.

The other thing I would do, risk is gonna be fixed. The other thing is the biggest factors would be the, let's go right here. The start time is one of the biggest, your end time, and then the instrument and the time of day.

Those are like the big ones that I pay attention to. The rest of this stuff is just minor. I'm sorry, profit taker makes a difference, but the rest of this in here, the padding cancel after, those make little minor changes.

So those aren't as important. So if you had to like cherry pick, I think it's what you're really asking, like what would you, if you had to cherry pick, what would you focus on? I would do a combination of start time, end time. I would fix this to like a certain ticker.

I wouldn't rotate it, I'd just keep it on M and Q. You guys probably know this, but you can actually go in here and you can say select all, and it'll run through all M and Q, even though we're in an optimization test. Same thing with the time, the chart. So in this case, it's saying a nine minute chart, right? So you can do that, but those are the main, I would say the biggest bang for your buck as far as cycle time and processing is profit taker, the actual ticker itself, the timeframe, and then these two, those are the biggest, yeah.

And the profit taker, I usually, what I would do is I would set up like 1.2 to three. Now you can do 0.1, but what's a smarter way to do it? Like 0.2 kind of skips half those, like you don't need that fine. And once you find something you like, you can manually adjust it a little bit up or down to see, so that's kind of the biggest, I'll leave it there.

That's the biggest things that I would look at or address. The biggest bang for your buck. And a lot of those I have narrowed out, like the entry and stop loss padding, I don't mess with anymore, but it just, especially with like the mega scalper, if you start optimizing the EMAs too, even that can get really big.

So what I, I mean, just one of the bots I had created recently, I did it this way where I optimized it in sections and it actually, it worked out nicely because I ended up with a bot with a 2.8 profit factor and higher in spectrum as far as the success rate. Obviously it was a many trades thing. So the success rates are still in the like 40 to 50% range, but it was higher than the, it was a three profit taker.

So I really liked that breaking it into pieces like that, but it was just interesting because like then I started doing it in a different order and then it just, it sends you down a big rabbit hole. Yeah. And there's, so like, that's kind of why we like to have like a rule of thumb, what to keep, what to throw out.

Like when you're fishing, fish have to be a certain size in order, the game warrens not to fussy, right? So like you have to have kind of a quick, what do I keep, what do I throw back? And to me, like some of the things that we've talked about over the time is like, number one is this needs to be 4X no matter what. This ideally likes to be high, but that's a relative of this right here, the profit taker. So the higher this is, the lower that this is gonna be, right? So I can say, I only want seven R trades and you're gonna have a 10% and you're gonna have a really low win rate, right? Cause you're like 6.9 is unacceptable.

That's essentially what you're saying, right? And so obviously there's some, you know, some variables that you're a little bit flexible on. And so obviously anything over 1.0 is automatically gonna be profitable, right? Automatically, that's just it. And then you have to have a big enough sample size.

In this case, we're looking at, you know, almost, well, it says 9.30, but we're only on nine. Today's September 11th. Oh, dang, it's September 11th.

Wow. Everyone remembers where they were on that day, huh? Solomon, you're too young to remember. Oh, I remember.

How old were you? I don't know. You were like two. Yeah.

But ultimately you have enough, like, you know, sample size. In this case, we got 338 trades, right? And so like the thing to think about is like, if you're running a backtest and you're only, let's say you're only trading one day a week and that's it, over, let's say a three month period, that's only like 12 to 13 trades. If you're only doing one day a week, that's not a ton of sample size.

That's kind of like on the low end of what you would want. Ideally you'd want maybe 20 plus. It's kind of like a good rule of thumb.

Does that make sense? So how did I, why am I saying that? Well, one day a week for 12 weeks is 12 or maybe, maybe some in a three month and a quarter, maybe there's an extra week in there. So maybe it's 13 trades. Does that make sense? So obviously you can look at some of this and determine, hey, you know, this wasn't a ton of trade.

This meets the criteria for, you know, big enough sample size, but like I can pare this down and say, I just want to look at September of this year only. And you guys can agree if I'm only doing one day a week, I'm only gonna have one or two trades this month so far. That's it.

That's not a big enough sample size. And that's kind of where we started talking with Charles about like making a change for something when we'll have maybe six or seven trades so far. It's not enough of a sample size to make rational decisions, informed decisions on making changes.

So, but, yeah. The other thing I like to look at is just for kicks and giggles is like, what is this ratio? When I lose, how much do I lose? And when I win, how much do I win? And you'll see that those are decent numbers. The other thing you have to be able to stomach when you set all this up is your maximum consecutive losers, 11.

That's a lot of losers, but keep in mind that this is actually trading four days a week. So I could just be a week or two, right? And you guys have to understand what 11 consecutive losers means, right? It probably doesn't mean what you think it means. So imagine I have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11.

So 11 losing trades, right? If I have one winning trade, I could have another 11, two, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11. What is my maximum consecutive losing trades? It's still 11. Why? Because this was interrupted by one winning trade.

And then we had another 11, right? So most people, they think 11 now starts, it needs to start winning 11. Immediately, that's not quite how the statistics work, right? So 11 consecutive losers, consecutive, right? That's what this is telling me, consecutive losers, right? 11. And so you just have to be able to stomach that.

I've seen so many people say, I'm okay with 11 losers and it's three in and they wanna change everything up. We're like, you gotta be okay with what you agreed to. It's like you're unagreeing to what you agreed to you haven't even given it a real chance, you know? But that's the big thing I see new traders, new bot traders is they change it up and edit and tinker with it way, way, way too much.

Like, give it a chance, let it run. Yeah, early on I was doing that way too much was just rerunning optimizations and tweaking the bots. Yeah, because I've actually had one guy told me, he said, Matt, if it loses two in a row, I'm done.

And I said, well, let's look at your, this right here says you should be able to accept 11. Like two in a row is like, that's nothing in the grand scheme of 11. Isn't that crazy? It's like, what? So people have all these extra roles.

They add their own expectations, you know, that they add to this. And as you all know, you can, it's like fishing or hunting. You can only get what you can get.

The market, especially if you come with telling the market what you need, I need X amount per day, per month, per week, it's gonna punch you in the face. What it's gonna do, it'd say, you need what? Watch this, right? So, but yeah, that's the thing. With my, I have a thing that I can, one company I worked with said, you know, don't judge your strategy until you've had a hundred trades because it'll take a hundred trades for the edge to play out.

So there's a lot, yeah. Obviously you don't want a hundred losing trades in a row in a funded account. Was that for funded accounts? Because funded accounts usually can't last that long.

Oh, they, I don't know. That company didn't really work with. Funded accounts? Too much.

It was more just cash accounts, but their concept was, you know, don't switch your strategy up until you've seen a hundred trades of what it can do. Yeah, that probably would not fly in a funded account program because let's see, you'd have to risk $25 per trade. So, right, so like a 50K account, you have $2,500 to draw down, right? So you can only, for a hundred of those, you can only risk $25 a trade, right? So to have a hundred play out like that, I don't know that you could really ever get a trade for $25 a risk, $25 a risk per trade.

Does that make sense, Amanda? I understand what he's saying. I'm just saying like, you know, that'd be nice. But in these evaluation accounts, you're not given that much of a chance.

Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I mean, typically like most, so like if you have a $2,500 drawdown, we typically outside of the portfolio, like if you're doing on your own, we typically recommend that you're risking 10% of this. Which would be $250 per trade, right? Which means you could have 10 losing trades in a row, right? $250 per trade of risk, right? Risk thing, it's hard to write with a mouse.

My handwriting is actually not that terrible. It's better in real life. But anyways, that's the idea, yeah.

But yeah, I understand what he's saying in fund accounts. You can't get away with that. So that many trades, yeah.

What's going on with you, Saul the man? How's life treating you? I'm here with my brother. He wants an eavesdrop on the class. Oh, okay, gotcha.

Yeah, no worries. He might jump in after this too, he's interested. Yeah, what's his name? His name is Richard.

Richard. Yeah, he looks just like me. Yeah, let's see, where's he at? Richard.

Richard, where are you? Can you tell the difference? Oh, you're definitely brothers, yeah. Hair's a little different, yeah. What's up, Richard? Saul is the man.

For now, for now. Oh, Solomon, I'm going to the DR next weekend, by the way. No way, what? Okay, I'm coming.

I forgot to invite you, yeah. I'll be in Belize. Okay.

Fun stuff. All right, what other questions do you guys have for me? I really liked the portfolio program, the portfolio stuff we've been rolling out the last few weeks. We're getting a lot of good feedback.

And Amanda, you're newer, so, Charles, you guys are newer, so it's designed to kind of help you get up and running faster, right, than like three months of videos and trying to figure out what the heck to do. It kind of gets you up and running. It's like a jumpstart program, literally, so, yeah.

With all of the bots, all the different numbers that are in the portfolios, have those been optimized by this optimization that you're talking about? They have been optimized, and we've cherry-picked some of them, if that makes sense. Okay, just wondered how you got them. Yes, yeah.

So, we actually have a small army of volunteers, literally, that all work on the same, that all work on, mostly out of Canada. So, shout out to Solomon in Canada over there. So, that's why they're all like Pacific Time Zone, because they're all on that.

You're putting a lot of work into this. Well, I know you don't, yeah, yeah. But that's why they're all on Pacific Time Zone.

I was just giving you a shout out because you're in Canada, that's all, yeah. But, yeah, they've been optimized, and then not just optimized, but we cherry-picked those on top of that. So, we try to have like a little, a good mixture of tickers, like M2K, MNQ, MGC, MCL, MES, right? Like different MYM, different tickers, so that you can mix and match them, and you don't have any conflicts or correlation problems.

So, yep. But, yeah, I mean, like this one that we're looking at right now, the Mega Snapback, $11,000 with $100 of risk. You know, that's pretty good just by itself, right? And if you add two or three or four more bots to it, what we've seen, just like what you've probably seen, Amanda, is you can have, let's say, four different bots that all have $1,400 of drawdown.

When you add them together, they may still only be $2,500 or $2,300 of drawdown or something, right? That's what's interesting, is you add more risk and you add more bots, and your drawdown actually improves instead of getting worse, which is kind of interesting. It's like when one loses, the other wins. It's just some weird, you know, great question.

I'd be curious, Amanda, if you can share, maybe just message me what other bots or programs you've used, because I haven't really seen too many. Well, you said they weren't for funded accounts. No, they were based out of the UK.

Okay, gotcha. Is it something we would have heard of, or no? It's William Brown WB Trading. Okay, William Brown Trading.

I like the strategies, they were good. He ended up coming up with a bot for MetaTrader, and then I actually paid a programmer to make the same thing for NinjaTrader for me. Oh, nice.

And then I didn't need him anymore. Gotcha. And then that's another thing, actually, I was gonna ask, Tracy, if I had, I have a strategy that works well, but I don't have any way to backtest it because I don't have it in a bot.

Like, it's all manual. If I have a strategy, could I share it with you guys to see if you would be interested in making it into a bot with your program? Yeah, so the hard part is, if it's like a discretionary strategy, where it has to be like some kind of systematic rule-based strategy in order to be automatable, but, because like, we've been with other folks, so like, yeah, my strategy has a high win rate, and we're like, you buy right here, and we're like, based on what? Like, because of like these 1700 things that I'm thinking about in my head, and we're like, it's tough to automate that, but yeah, if you can have some, share some details. It's very mechanical.

They're all very mechanical rules. So when I started trading, I didn't wanna learn any kind of, you know. Discretionary.

Yeah, it was all just, this happens. System-based, rule-based, yeah. Yes.

Yeah, if it's like that, then you have a high probability of us being able to automate it. As you know, there's some time and cost to build that kind of thing, but if it's, you know, reasonable, we can certainly have it built, yeah. Okay, because yeah, I've had one built before, but you know, it cost me almost $1,000.

Oh, that's cheap. I wish we could get it that cheap. Yes, good Lord.

Okay. Yeah, I don't know how complex it was. Did you have tons of settings, or is it just like one or two settings, or? It was, I don't know.

I don't know. I'm not a programmer, but the strategy itself seems simple enough. I mean, I was brand new.

Sure. And I was able to pick it up quickly. I got you.

Yeah, share, open a three-way DM with Tracy and I and share some details. Yeah. Cool.

Any other questions, folks? Otherwise, I'm over my time. I got a date with a wife tonight, so. You gotta do that, man.

Okay. Thank you. Thank you, guys.

Have a good night. Thank you, Brett. See you guys.

Bye.