So, I don't know if you have any backtests you want us to review, but someone had sent me a backtest to review who lives a whole bunch of time zones away, Diana. And I think she lives in Italy. And so I'm going to, if you have anything, let me know. 

Otherwise I'm going to kind of take a look at what she sent me and we're going to look at the backtest itself. So give me one sec. Yep. 

I don't have anything. This is my first time ever attending this meeting. I just wanted to see what it was about. 

Tracy brought it up in the last call and I was like, oh, I didn't even know that existed. So yeah. Yeah. 

So we do this every week. Tracy and I take turns every week. So yeah. 

Okay. So what we're going to do is we're going to go to tools and then, sorry, new strategy analyzer. There we go. 

New strategy analyzer. And what is happening? Where's my strategy analyzer? My screen is frozen. No, why is it frozen? Shoot. 

I'm going to have to restart NinjaTrader. Okay. Hang on.

Let me restart NinjaTrader. Close windows. There's some kind of a pop-up or something somewhere. 

What is happening? Let's see. Everything is frozen. I cannot click on anything. 

Can you hear me though still? Yes, I can still hear you. Well, I'm going to have to turn, I'm going to have to kill this process real quick. Let's see. 

NinjaTrader. End task. There we go. 

All right. We're going to have to reboot that NinjaTrader. Okay. 

So there we go. So you can get this restarted. Skip the latest version. 

That's fine. Okay. Log in. 

Here we go. So while you're going through that, Matt, I got a quick question for you. Yeah. 

Is there an issue? And this is just me not knowing. Is there an issue that, so today my bot took one trade and I was like, cool. But at the end of every day, I always do a back test to see if everything works out. 

And it looks like there would have been three trades. So it only took one of the three trades. Is that a... It depends on what version. 

There's a known issue on, I think it's the latest version. Of NinjaTrader or of... The latest version of... I think it's... It was the 10th of May. Oh, the 10th of May. 

Now today was a partial day, right? So it closed early, right? No, that's tomorrow, isn't it? So it closed a partial day today and then tomorrow. Yeah. Oh, okay. 

Well then nevermind then. Yeah. Well, it still said, when I did a back test, it said three trades it would have taken.

So that's what I'm doing. Maybe... If that's the case, yeah. Yeah. 

Let's... Give me one sec. Okay. Here we go. 

Got my computer back. So got it working. Okay.

Let's go to MES. So this is something that Diana shared. This is a back test.

Okay. So what we're going to do is some of you guys, if you have any back tests you want feedback on, that's kind of what this is. Hello, Winston.

So what we're looking at right now is the Mega Scalper and we're doing Monday, Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. So just three days a week. And in this case, she's using $150 of risk, $150 of drawdown.

And then these are her settings that she gave me. She gave me a screenshot and I just kind of copied them here. So I'm going to click run and I'm going to make sure... Super important that you make sure it's running on high one tick, which is the historical fill processing.

And what that means is that it's going to go super slow and kind of go use like a fine tooth comb to go over the back test. It's going to be slow, but it's going to be highly, highly accurate. So we're going to click run on that and let that run for maybe a minute or so.

There we go. Okay. So we're going to let that run.

There's something else that you guys may or may not know that you can do, but you're able to... Like this is, what is this? MES on a three-minute chart. You can actually run, like launch a new... Right here, click this button. I'm going to launch.

I'm going to go to MES and I'm going to run a three-minute chart. And you notice here that I have a default set to 90 days. So it's going to basically load, go back 90 days worth of data.

It's going to load it here on my screen. And obviously I have to scroll to see it all, but it's kind of loading it. And so now what I can do is I can attach the bot.

So this is the Megascalper and I have the template saved right here as July. It's the one we're reviewing in July. Click apply.

We're going to change this to standard and enabled. Apply. Okay. 

And okay. And you'll see that this is kind of what happened today. The Megascalper is the newest bot.

And what you'll notice is there is no like take profit line. Do you guys see that? Why is there no take a profit line? That's because there's no predefined take profit, which is built-in feature of this bot, right? So basically right here is use profit taker as unchecked. So when you set a profit taker, you can define what that's going to be.

Otherwise it's pretty much undefined, which means we're going to stay in the trade as long as possible. Once we give back, in this case, $150 of unrealized gains or drawdown, it's going to exit. And so that's essentially what happened here on this trade that we're looking at here on the chart, is it actually got into the trade and here was our all-time high.

And then it kind of gave back a little bit down $150 and then just went ahead and exited. So what you can do is you can click on strategy performance and actually run a back test here directly from your charts. Now, I believe Diana, this is slightly different dates that you gave me, which is fine, but it looks okay.

Here's the actual, this matches exactly what you gave me. So the question is, is this a decent back test? Now, a few things to note. One is your percentage profitable is a little bit low.

That's not the end of the world. The way I always think about these is that this is, let's say it's, I think it's either 25 or 50K account. One of the two, I'm guessing it's probably a 25K account because how do I know, well, it's $150 of risk.

That's up here, $150 of risk. And the reason I'm thinking it's a 25K account is you're allowed to, you have to grow the account $1,500. Right, so we'll say plus 1,500 and that would be our goal.

And then we're allowed to have no more than $1,500 of drawdown, right? So that would be like our negative, our down. So goal of 1,500 positive of that. And what we always recommend is you use 10% of that for your risk.

So 10% of 1,500 would be $150 per trade of risk, right? And in this case, Diana, that's what she's using here is 150. If I was using this on a bigger account, I would simply just change this to 250, change this to 250, change this to 100 and basically just like rerun it. But as of right now, we're gonna look at what's here.

If I was to look at the analysis, the ideal thing you want is like bottom left to top right. And that just means that it's kind of a slow and steady. You will notice that there was a pretty huge winning streak this week or not this week, but like in this timeframe in April.

So had you not, you know, had you missed that, you would add just, you know, slightly less awesome results. So one of the things I like to look as I look at the trades, because this does not have a, you know, it doesn't have a built-in profit taker, you're gonna have some bigger wins, right? So you'll see here $1,100, right? And so this, I guess it was like this. Let's see, where's that? This week right here was the killer week that we just outlined, whereas pretty much nothing but wins.

And again, even though this shows like $145 loss, what that means with a $150 drawdown was it pretty much just probably went right to minus 150. And the reason that this bot is set up this way is that you can have several different triggers to get out of a trade. One is if you hit a maximum drawdown or if you have your max trades per day, currently configured to 10.

And so I think overall, this is a decent back test. Obviously it kind of has a losing streak right out the gate for, I guess, the first two weeks. So if you don't panic and give up there, it looks like it recovers and continues on nicely.

So that's the only thing to think about. Now, because again, there's no fixed amount of profit taking, you can see right here that we had a, so these are all like, even though these are wins, they gave back $150, right? So I haven't rerun this with $250, but that's basically, so what this means is at some point, this right here was up to 850. Each one of these is up to $150 more.

And so the way that it works is you can configure it and you can say, hey, I want to run this. And once I lose $250, I'm done, right? Which means, let's say you make 250 on your first win. Well, it's gonna keep going, right? Let's say you make another 250 on your second trade, then another 250, right? Or 300 or whatever it is, right? Whatever you're defined here is what it's going to.

And then let's say that the next trade is a loser and loses 250, then it's gonna be kind of XXX, done for the day, right? Done for the day. Whereas the other opposite could be like, if your very first trade for the day is 250, that's it, you're done for the day. It's gonna pull the trigger.

Now, compare this model to our other megabots where it's gonna keep going just because you said max of three trades or max of four trades, right? It doesn't have any kind of smartness to it. Whereas this one does. You can define how much you're willing to lose and then it's just gonna call it quits, right? Which means obviously the first trade of the day, if it's a losing trade, it's gonna be done for the day.

This one will keep going even an unrealized gain, right? So let's say the bot starts winning, winning, winning and it gives back a little bit, let's say $250 of gain, sorry, unrealized. And this case, $250, I haven't configured over here, it's 250 but I haven't clicked the run yet button. So it's gonna keep going until it gives back that amount of gains or if it hits the max trade per day.

So kind of like condition scenario one is max drawdown, scenario two is max trades per day. And then we're not using the profit taker but we are using a trailing stop, which is 75 ticks, which I believe is, let's see, 75 times 0.25, about $18 and 75 cents on MES. So that's 25 cents per tick.

So it's going to give back no more than $18 and 75 cents. Now keep in mind the entry price for some of this is 50, 600, 5,900, $6,000. So giving back $18 off of this asset price is, it's a fairly small move but this is gonna use the trailing stop.

So it's gonna lock in profits and not give back too many dollars. And so as I look through this, you'll see that the normal profits that we're looking for are gonna be very, they're gonna be pretty well spaced, no more than 150, right? But then you'll see as we're using the smart system, even though there's no take profit, when we're only risking $150, we have some pretty big winners for $150 risk, right? These are all above a one R. This one's what almost was that eight or seven, eight R, something like that. So overall, I think that looks pretty decent.

I'm gonna go ahead and give you an okay on this, Inga. I'm sorry, Diana. So this, it looks pretty good.

If I was to look at the days of the week, you'll see Wednesday is not running. I'm just curious what Wednesday and Friday looks like. I'm just gonna rerun it with 250 because these are the settings I would use here in a 50K.

Hey, so Matt, while that's running, question for you. Would that possibly play into apex in that 30% rule that they have going on, like the enabling or disabling the profit taker? Because again, she had like $1,000 wins, but she also had $110 wins and so forth and so on. Like, would that make her trade more to get that big win down to 30%? I hope I asked that question correctly.

I see you talking, but we can't hear you. Sorry. Yeah, sorry about that.

The fireworks are literally going out right outside my window. But it doesn't really matter in an eval account, but it does actually matter in a PA account when you have big wins like that. Now, if you're using your own like NinjaTrader as an actual broker and you have real money in a NinjaTrader as a broker, the PA and eval rules don't really apply.

So I guess it depends on what she's using. If it is a PA account, that's a good point because it would be a concern of you're allowed. They call it, they want no, it's not per trade, it's per day, a max of a 30% per day gain, which means if you look at all your profits, let's say you have a 25K account and you have $5,000 of profit, they don't want any one day to be more than 30% of profits, right? So if I was to look at that, that would be basically, I don't want any one day that's more than $1,500.

So obviously, depending on how much profit is in the account, 1,500 is the max if you have $5,000 of profits. So if you have more than that, they'll decline your payout and say, keep going until this $1,500 day becomes lower than 30%. But that's actually, they say that, but that's way harder than it sounds.

Why? Because now you almost need a bunch more $1,500 days so that it doesn't stand out so much, right? And if you had a pretty, got a lucky winning streak, then it's harder to replicate that. But yeah, if you're using like Sim accounts or Eval accounts, it's fine. A PA account would be more concerning with that kind of a scenario.

But yeah, good question. So in this case, I'm taking some trades on Friday because I upped the risk in the max lot size, Diana. But it looks like I understand why you have Wednesday on there.

So if I was to look at the summary here, you'll see that we have 1,900 of drawdown and 4,486 of profits, yeah. So what most people look at is they go in here to, let's go into the day of the week and then go to cumulative. What you'll notice is the question is how fast do you get to 3,000? $3,000 is like right here.

So this is what, about three weeks, something like that to get to that level, three weeks to reach your $3,000 goal. The $3,000 goal is the 50K requirement. So 3K goal for 50K Apex.

It is kind of hard to write on the screen using a mouse, but that's your goal, right? So let's say you got it funded there and then you kind of draw this out. You had a little bit of gains and you give back a little bit and then you continue going. So that's, let's see, 4,000 down to 2,400.

It would become closer to your drawdown, but you'd still be okay. You'd still be in profits by the end of this over here. So yeah, I think this is okay, Diana.

I think it looks good. The question is whether, I wasn't clear if this was set up for a 50K or 25K. I was guessing 25K just because the $150 of risk.

So, but yeah, I'm going to save this as a template so I can reuse it. But yeah, good questions. What else do you guys have for me? Anything else? I have a couple more to look at.

Do you guys have anything? No, go for it. Yeah, so this is MNQ on a five minute, I believe. Yeah, so let's take a look at this one.

So I just got done with a webinar right before here. If we just take a look at our, oh, it's going to make me run it again. Okay.

So let's take a look at the chart today, Mega Orb. Let's load this. This one was, it took one trade, I know, in one.

Okay, boom, there we go. Entry, stop loss, take profit. And then what I can do is look at this and it'll show me I got 93 days of data loaded.

And so what I can do is just go into, oops, go in here, right click, go to strategy performance, Mega Orb, historical. And you'll see kind of the, these are slightly different numbers in the back test, but that's the idea, right? And it's going back, so now I'm going back 93 days. And I believe it's a two, okay, the 1.7 R profit taker is what's set up.

So let's, that's still running. MNQ five minute, okay. So we'll see how that works out.

So that's something else you guys, if you're interested in just kind of like looking at the settings or setting this up yourself, you guys are welcome to screenshot this, you know, that's probably the easiest thing instead of trying to write down stuff, just take a screenshot of like this right here, this side panel, and then you should get something similar to that. I am in central time zone, so you're gonna have to adjust, Corey, if you're what mountain, I think you told me, so you'd have to go to 745, correct? And then 1355. Yeah, I'm in mountain, but I set mine up to central like yours so that I could see if I could duplicate all the things that, you know, as we go through all the different classes that, you know, I, okay, at least I know I can get it.

Yeah. Yeah. So we're, we're running that one more time with the default settings again.

So people gave me some back tests, Peter and Dr. Joe gave me, actually we went over this in the class last week. We kind of went over there, some of what they're looking at. And so this is a pretty decent one for, this has $500 of risk.

I had $13,000 of profit. And this obviously is for an account that's bigger than 50K. I think this, he told me it was, this is set up for a 150K account.

I believe is what he told me, 150K. And this is not trading M and Q, it's actually trading in Q, in Q directly. So, yeah.

So we load Peter. There we go. Boom.

We'll let that run and let's go back in to see how the other is still, oops, yeah. This other one, mega orb. Still running.

Oop, while lead left. Okay. No worries.

So one other thing, Cory, I don't know if you guys know this or your brother knows this, but we actually acquired another company and we're doing options. I can show you real quick while we're waiting, but we're doing option credit spreads. So let me show you.

Was that the last class or the one that you put out that it was a options class? Yeah, that was just kind of like a free intro intro to options class. But this is, this is, so we bought a company called Down to Trade and we relaunched it as called Options Pilot. And so we were taking some of the previous strategies that they were using.

And we're basically just doing these credit spread trade alerts. So this, the question I always get is, how do I, you know, man, I only have 3000 or $5,000. How can I, you know, how can I grow a small account? And so this is how, and so these are the credit spreads, the bear call credit spread and a bull put.

And there's a couple of examples of recent, recent wins basically in here. And ultimately here's the strategy itself. So in 2024, it took a $5,000 account and oops, a $5,000 account and grew it to 20, 20,000.

This year, same thing, not quite. Obviously we're not through the end of the year, but it's taken a 3000 and grown it to 13. So almost three X the account, right? So that's kind of the idea.

And this is 2024, this is 2025. We have all the trades, all the logic, all the reasons and the strategies, the indicators, all that kind of thing. And so that's what we're doing.

It's 150 bucks a month and it shows up like a text message. We had a couple dozen people sign up for it already. Shows up like this as a text message in your phone or email.

But that's kind of what we're doing if you have a small brokerage account you want to grow. Okay, I'll look into that for sure. That's something that I'll be interested in.

Yeah, and that's a lot of people say, hey, I don't have the 50K, 25K rather to do a pattern day trade account, which it's kind of a big thing for people. They don't have that kind of funds in order to put into trading. So that's a common question.

I'm like, well, if you do this long enough, you can take 5K and turn it into that in a little bit of time with the credit spreads. But being able to triple your account in a year with one or two trades per week is kind of a significant, I feel like it's a significant accomplishment. And the reason we're doing this one or two trades per year, or per day or per week rather, is because we're trying to get around that pattern day trade rule, which says you can have three trades and a five-day rolling average, right? That's the most you can do, otherwise you're a pattern day trade.

So we're like, okay, let's do less than three a week. So one or two, and we'll let that run and we'll see what happens. And so, yeah, that's kind of, it's pretty cool.

But it looks like our back test is finished. So we're back up here. There we go.

So 9,924. Here's the settings on the right, if you guys wanna take a look at those. MNQ, again, I'm in CST, Central Time Zone.

I do have this, this is running actually live for me. It's running live in the VPS right now for me. It's that one right there, yeah.

All right, okay. So let's take a look at, this is another one that Dr. Joe had. We reviewed this last week and this is the Mega Snapback.

And this is, again, we're gonna always use a high one tick when we're running a single back test. A single back test, always use a high one tick. It's the most accurate way to do it.

So we're gonna go up here and it looks like it was set up to run March, April, May and part of June when we, at the time, that's where we were, June 20th. So we're gonna run this, take a look at what that comes back with. And we're gonna do one more over here, this is the evening kind of bought, set up to run in Q and we'll let that run as well, see what that comes back with.

But yeah, this looks pretty decent. I'm gonna rename this the Diana, the Diana, yep. And the only difference is this is 150, 40 and 150 for hers.

Yep, so template, save, let's see, this has no profit taker. This is MES on a three minute. Oh, you know what? I changed all this up already.

She was not doing Wednesday and Friday. Yep, okay, so MES, M3, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, 150R, 730 July. There's no profit taker, this is Diane.

Yeah, I like it, I think it looks good. Yeah, yeah, that's a good one. The mega orb, this is the one I'm running live still from probably running it the last couple of months, yeah.

So the thing I always look at, Corey, is this right here, seven. If I start this in a new account, am I okay with seven losing trades in a row? Most people will freak out after like two or three. Right? Yeah, I had to get past that after you told me that one time.

I think like a month ago or whatever. It's like we're doing the back test. Once you get to five, seven, whatever it may be, then that's when you reconsider to, hey, let's figure out something else.

But yeah, it was before then, yeah, it was like three losses. Okay, I gotta change. Well, the problem then is you're always like chasing half-baked strategies.

It's almost like everyone's like when they start something like this, like ideally something like this, you would start this whole thing in a brand new fresh account, right? Either a reset account or a brand new account and let it run, right? That's the idea. And so how do you let this, you know, started running it? And was that like mid-February till now, this is a pretty decent amount of money to make in a 50K account that you're paying 33 bucks a month for, right? I think that's pretty decent. If it's like mom, no hands, right? And so the thing I look at with the trades with something like this is I'm going to look at, you know, because I have 1.7R and 250, that means I should be getting what about 425 or so on my wins and then no more than 250, give or take a dollar.

So it's fine on my losses. So, you know, these are all right at 250, right? So all at 250, give or take, you know, it's okay to have a 50 cents or a dollar. That's fine.

But I don't want to ever see like a $2,000 loss. And then on this side, I don't usually want to see a bigger win than what's calculated. So 1.7 times the 250, right? And it's okay for it to be over a little bit because sometimes when you're in a trade, when you're exiting, you get a better price to exit than you were wanting, which is fine.

That's, you know, brokers do it both ways, but I don't ever want to see a bigger win. And so if I see a bigger loss or a bigger win, the first thing I'm going to look at is my closing time. And then I look at is my entry time and my exit time.

Are these the same date? And if I ever see a big one where it's like it enters on the 27th to close on the 28th, that means I screwed up my closing time somewhere, right? Imagine if I tell it to close two hours after the market closes. Well, that's going to be a problem. You're going to accidentally hold into the next day and you're going to have, you know, a bigger move in your favor or against you.

And that's what I'm looking at kind of like the anomalies when I'm looking at the profits on the high and the low end is I want to make sure there's no anomalies, right? Which, you know, it only takes a second to look at, but if you ever see a in and out daily cumulative. So if you ever see like, you know, this is kind of a pretty slow and steady growth, right? But there's no like one huge win, right? And then it's like, and if you miss this one, you missed a huge chunk of the gains, one huge win, because that would absolutely be a problem for the 30% rule inside Apex. Yeah, I'm trying to find a mega snap right now to see if there was something out there that... Yeah, so Dr. Joe has this, this is what he's running.

It's M&Q on a 12 minute. I haven't run the latest, but this is what he's running. $250 of risk, two hour, 40 locks, three.

Actually, did this? Yeah, it did just run. So this is what he's running. It looks pretty decent.

Yeah, I like it. Yeah. Now here's, Corey, here's if I could pick on you just a little bit.

This is you starting your bot. It goes down here, you panic and you switch it out, right? That's what most people do. You're like, ah, it lost three times in a row.

And then guess what you miss out on? You miss out on this. And you're like, oh, this is garbage. This doesn't work.

And we're like, oh my gosh. So here's what I've learned about trading in the... See, I started in 2016. So almost 10 years, I guess, is the biggest thing in trading is what do you do when you're losing? Like a losing streak, what do you do? And the reason that that is so important is why? Well, if a trade immediately is profitable, there's not much stress to that, right? It's like, that's okay, I'm profitable.

That's a good thing, right? But what do you do when the trade immediately goes to losing? Do you lose your edge, lose your cool, be emotional and sabotage the trade and make it worse? Or you just sit back and say, well, it's losing this second, but it's going to play out later in the day. You know, it's got time to turn around, go in my favor, right? And so what a lot of people do is they hyper focus on every little tick and every little red number they see, like their anxiety and their heart rate and everything, their sweaty palms, like everything gets increased and exponentially like intensified. It doesn't have to be that way.

That's how most people kind of fall into that trap, right? Where people are like, I want to watch it and I want to just like watch every little tick. And I'm like, I'm known for not paying attention for days. That's kind of a bad thing because sometimes the bots and I can, I forget to check on them, but that's my style.

I like to set it up and let it do its thing, right? So, but I have just started like checking to make sure that it's enabled and all that in the mornings before it goes live. But yeah, that's, I feel like that's the, that's the thing that most people get. They get, they focus on the dollars, not the process that gives you the dollars.

Does that make sense, Corey? No, it does. It does. And I would say that, what did I start then? I'm in the November class.

So October, I started and I say up until like a month ago, I was that person. I was like, oh, two losses in a row. I'm done.

You know, let's try to find something else. And it was something you said that was like, hey, we did the back test. It says it loses, you know, six times, but it wins, you know, 13 times or whatever like that.

I'm like, okay, well, I need to be able to stomach, you know, those losses. Right. Or find a back test that never loses, which you won't really.

Yeah. Yeah. That you won't, you won't find that if you have a good enough sample size.

Yeah. Yeah. So, so that, that got me going in the right direction.

And then what else was it? Oh, not having the charts up. So just going to the strategies tab where I'm not just sitting there looking at each tick and things like that. So now it's just like, oh, let me just go to the strategies tab, hit enable.

I can't change it if I look at it. So I might as well not look at it. And then just let it go.

You're like, you decided to be intentional about not hyper-focusing on it. Yeah. Exactly.

I see people so frustrated, like people yelling and screaming that their girlfriend is mad at them because they're spending so much time on the bots. I'm like, what? Like, what is that? What, why are you blaming your girlfriend problems on us? Like, what does that have to do with anything? Like, what? Yeah, you surprise like the things we hear over the years. It's kind of crazy.

But ultimately, like, you know, I'm spending half an hour on this a week, maybe an hour, that's it. I'm not sitting there stressed about it. I'm going to let it do its thing.

And sometimes if you're stressed about every little tick, it's easier to just go for a walk and don't look at it. You know, you come back and either win or you lose. You're watching it and, you know, intensifying the experience negatively for yourself isn't going to help anything.

It really isn't. It's like, it's almost like that habit that people have. If it's not serving you, then stop doing it.

Like, stop it. Knock it off. You know, just don't do that anymore.

You know. Very much so. Yeah, understood.

Yeah. But like last month, so in June was the first time I lost a few hundred bucks. It's the first losing month I've had as long as I can remember with the bots.

Yeah, and what I ran was a winning setup, but there were three or four days where I forgot to check the connections. There was a huge win. Not huge, but like three R winning days.

So I missed like three or four, three R winning days. And it would have turned my couple hundred dollars losses into positive, right? So that was a lesson learned. I kind of talked about that on Monday, but yeah.

Yeah. Nope, I understand. I went ahead and got the VPS.

Well, you know my situation. I travel a lot. Yeah.

So I went ahead and got the VPS this week. And tomorrow, well, no, I guess not tomorrow. Monday, I'm going to try it while I'm here at home just to see how it works and make sure I understand how it should play.

And then obviously the second half of this month, I'm gone in the first half of August. I'm, when I say gone, outside of the house. So it's just like, all right, well, I hope it works.

So right now I'm just looking at the trade today that I had on the 10 EMA and I'm like, okay, well, why didn't that take all three trades? So I'll go and look back and see. See if there's any like disconnection issues or anything like that. Yeah.

Yep. Yeah. Cause my routine is before the market opens, log into VPS, make sure it's connected.

So I'm going to disconnect and reconnect and re-enable it. And that's my routine every day. And I haven't had any problems since doing that.

That's my new. Yeah. And right now I'm running it off of just, I'm not doing VPS.

So like VPS is going to be my test next week. Okay. Yep.

Yep. So next week could be good. I mean, it's one of those things like, well, thank God the first trade was a win.

So it was three trades a day. It was a win, loss and a win, but I'm on a three profit taker. So I was like, oh, that could have funded that account today.

But you know, it's one of those things where it's just like, you know what? There's always Monday or you know what I mean? So that's how I got to look at it. And when I first started this, I was just like, I just want to make, if I can get an extra, you know, $1,000 a month, I'll be happy. Sure.

And now I'm looking at things where it's just like, oh, I won 700 bucks today. You know? So like when you start looking at things like that, it's just like, okay, well I'm, you know, first world problem, I'm doing okay. Yeah.

First world problem. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Yep. Cool, man. Awesome.

Well, that's kind of all I have today. Like normally people just bring back tests. They either bring it to class or shoot it to me ahead of time.

And I kind of review it. So, but yeah. Okay, cool.

Yeah. Next time we do this, I'll make sure we do that. The new company, can you send me something that says, okay, I appreciate that.

And then we can go from there. Okay. Sounds good.

Thanks, Corey. All right. Have a good fourth.

Thanks. You too. Bye.

All right.