And let me share my screen. So I think what you're talking about is like this right here where it shows the time of day. Is that right? Yes.

So technically that's correct. Now this is different than like the times that you might specify, like the run times. That's different than the times you might run over here, right? Because the backtest technically starts over, you know, like in this case it's, I don't know what dates were set here, but it's like running from this timeframe.

And you're only looking at little blips of time in that. But it runs through that timeframe, right? Right. I understand now.

Regardless of what, I guess they do that to make sure that they cover whatever time you selected, I guess is the proper way. Okay, I get it. I understand it now.

Right. Okay. Yep.

Now, do you have some backtests you want to look at? Can I show you my screen? Yeah, I'd love to look at it with you, whatever you've kind of picked up. I'm going to share my screen. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Let's see.

I'm actually, I'm running my backtest on a VPS. Let's see if I can come up with this. Okay.

Here we go. Are you able to see it? Yes. Okay.

This here, I was running the mega orb. Yeah. And then this particular strategy, I was looking at just Wednesday.

And this is the parameters that I came back with. Yeah. And I know you guys recommend a profit factor of two or more.

Yes. The percent profitability is a little low for my liking. But then again, the profit take it, I was using a four.

Yeah, that's pretty high. The challenge with a four, let me ask you this. What size account are you running this? I was testing this on a 150.

A 150K account? Yes. Okay. And do you know what the risk and drawdowns are? That's not one that I've used before.

Do you know what the drawdowns are? It's 5K, the drawdown. You're able to use 17 minis, the contracts, and 170 micros. Okay.

Got it. So $5,000, a drawdown. So that explains why you're using 500.

Okay. The challenge, though, of using 4R profit taker is, let's say that it gets to 3.9, it almost hits the 4, and then goes to minus 1R. If you're using Apex, Apex would count that as kind of like a 5R loss.

Because it's not quite realized, but your count went from almost a 4R win, 4R profit taker, to a minus 1R, which is a distance of almost 5R. Does that make sense? Yes. But I was under the understanding that the AT… It's just the way that Apex counts wins and losses is the challenge, right? But I was under the impression that it will trail.

Am I incorrect on this? Because when I was looking at, when I was watching the videos of the ATR period and the ATR multiplier, I kind of assumed that it would trail. What do you mean by trail? That it would trail every X amount of ticks. That if you were in profit, that it would trail based on the amount of ticks.

So it has that feature, scroll down a little bit. Or scroll up, I should say. It has a trailing… Did I? Let me actually, let me go back to, let me minimize this.

I'm not seeing it though. Right. Let me see.

Hold on just a second. Let me look at, hold on just a second. This is what I was looking.

Because in, I'm not seeing it on your screen, but… Right. Okay. Let me see.

Hold on just a second, please. Okay. Okay, let me open this up.

Okay, this is, this is, hold on just a second. I get this information. Let's see, hold on just a second.

Let's see. Okay. Did I? Is this? I think this is the one that I was using on this here.

Okay. Are you able to see it? Let me, okay, hold on a second. Because the, here I could draw on your screen.

So, right here is the ATR period and the ATR multiplier. Correct. So, depending on how, you know, you can, so since that's checked, we can go look at the trades.

It will trail it, but it's still like, it will trail it, but it's still going to, like you're still going to give back some profits, right? That's how it, like a trailing stop works, right? So, let's just pretend that you get into a trade. It looks something like this. And as, as it moves up, the trailing stop down here kind of moves with you, right? And, and let's say it doesn't quite hit your target, whatever that is, maybe up here somewhere.

And as the price keeps going higher, the trailing stop kind of keeps going higher, right? It trails. But for whatever reason, let's say you don't quite hit your target and it rolls back here. This still could be one to two, maybe three hours.

We'd have to look at it visually on your screen to take a look. But this still could be a, you know, a big, bigger amount than you realize. Because usually when we say use 10%, we're kind of 10% of your, of your drawdown, which is kind of how you got to this number, right? When we're saying to use that, that's the, that's the, you know, I assumed you're using like one to two, you know, like one R, like if you lose, you lose one R. But in this case, because you have such a significant profit taker of four, yes, even though you have a trailing stop, it still might not work out to be one R risk.

It may count as two or three. So let's run the backtest and we can look at the actual trades and I can show you what I mean visually on the chart if you want to look at the, yeah. What's up, Solomon? Yo, can you hear me? Yes.

Okay. Hold on just a second, please. Hold on just a second.

Because like we can, we can look at it on the chart and it'll show where the trailing stop is on, on some of the losses. But all I'm saying is a four R, like a four R target is, is, you know, like an aggressive target is just, you're going to be giving back some, some gains, even with a, like a trailing stop. That's all.

Now, to see the trades that, that I took last, am I going in the right, is this the right way to go? Like strategy performance? Are you talking about the trades you've already taken or? Yes. Yes. The one that I've already taken.

Well, you, so right now on the chart, this is showing that it's disabled right now. See where it is. Yes.

The D is disabled. So you'd have to enable that first. So the D, the D in front of this means disabled.

So just go in and, and enable it first. Okay. So scroll down on here.

Yeah. Okay. Right there.

Enable checkbox. Yeah. Oops.

How come it's not taking it? It's not, it's not taking it. Oh, you know what? I'm not connected. I don't think I am.

Hold on a second. Exactly. How am I doing? Go into your control center and make sure you're connected then.

Yeah. Cause that's probably why it's showing sim 101. Yeah.

On your actual accounts. Well, let's see. Well, that could be why.

Yeah. You guys remember when they had a Dell computers? Dell used to have a, it was like a famous thing where someone called in and they're like, my computer's not turning on. They're like, well, you know, they went through this whole troubleshooting thing and, and it comes to find out to you like, well, look around the back.

You're like, I can't. Why not? Cause the lights off. Why is the light off? Cause the power's off.

Like, okay, well box it up and send it back. Cause you, you're, you're, you just can't own a computer because the power's off and that's why your computer's not working. Right.

Yeah. You want to take over the screen? So like, and did you have the, the same template loaded here? Yes. Cause like, I don't see any, are you drawing the trailing stop? Cause these are all losses.

So I guess the scroll, scroll some more. So we see some more. Cause these just like immediately hit the loss, the losses.

Keep going. Scroll to the left some more. Well, you're only doing one day a week.

So it's going to be, I've only used it once. So that's why you're not going to see many trades on it. Okay.

Here we go. Yeah. So you'll see here, this is the red, the red line.

You see that right here. So, so this is not necessarily showing the trades that you actually took. This is just showing like the trades that are on the, on the, on the chart.

Right. Right. So, so like it, it let's see, looks like this one would have been a winner and this one would have been a, so it was like one loss and one win, but, but you can see how it started trailing.

And this is what I'm saying. Okay. Here you go.

So, so like, this is trailing, trailing the wind, but this distance right here, you can see that if it would have reversed, that's still a big, you know, it's, it's, if you can imagine the distance between your entry here and your, your stop represents one R. Right. And then this is two R, this is three. So this is going to be, this is going to be minus one R right here.

Right. This is going to be plus one R. It's going to be plus two R. This is going to be plus three R. And then this is going to be plus four. Right.

Right. As far as sizing. Right.

And so what I'm saying is as your profits move up, your trailing stop didn't even make it to plus one R is what I'm saying. Right. So what that means is, yes, it trails it, but not very tightly at all.

And not that you necessarily want it to be tight, but what I'm saying is with that kind of an aggressive target, if you go up, don't quite hit it and go back down, that's going to count as a one to about a four to five R loss that is going to count like five losing trades in a single trade. The way Apex counts their losses, they're going to say, well, your account, if this would have almost hit the take profit, in this case it did. So this isn't the best example, but what I'm saying is if you almost hit the take profit and then reversed and hit the stop loss, what it would have said is, hey, you almost hit the take profit and your account balance was up here and you ended down here.

Therefore, that was like you lost five trades, which would have been like minus $2,500 in your account. And you're like, hey, Matt, I thought I could have lost 10 trades with $500. I'm like, well, you could have, but the amount your account moved was about $2,500.

It was up to positive $2,500. Now it's negative $2,500, that kind of thing. So the way Apex counts it kind of is what I'm saying.

So two things, I guess. Size down, meaning the risk, instead of $500, maybe $300. And also profit taking maybe $300 instead of $400.

I would run the back test to make sure all that works. Because you don't want to, you don't want like, let's say you try a two or three profit taker, and then the whole back test is now no longer profitable. Because what you don't really want to happen is you don't want like one or two trades to just like hit it over out of the park.

And that's like you're saving winning trades. Because I'm just telling you, even if you go into a PA account, and Solomon here has PA accounts, you can't have huge winning days in your PA account. They have to be consistent or they will not give you payouts.

Because they have this thing called a 30% rule, which means if any of your days are profitable, if any day is more than 30%, they'll deny your payout. They're like, oh, you're gambling, you got lucky. So you have to have like consistent.

That's why we're, we recommend kind of like single base hits over time, like small consistent wins versus, you know, like a big, you know, 20, in this case, I guess $2,000 positive day. Right, right. So like, the difference here is you would make a pop plus, plus 2000, or minus 500.

That's like the normal scenario, right? That's like, you know, you're risking minus one are here or plus four are that's the normal logic, right? However, apex would see it as you almost went up to 2000. And then you went down to minus 500. They'd say, okay, we're going to count that as minus 2500.

That's just an internal thing. That's how apex counts it. I know it's silly.

It's probably not fair, but that's, that's how they do it. Unfortunately, it is. That's why a lot of people choose the EOD rather than.

Well, they count as the internal highest intraday balance. There's a lot of groups that count end of day balance, but they count the intraday, the highest intraday balance. Even if you're not done with the trade, they count the highest intraday balance.

That's why I personally like kind of the 1.2 to 1.6 profit takers. That's what I like person. Oops.

Yeah. Okay. Because of this stupid rule right here.

And it's, you know, if you're going to rely on funded accounts, you just have to like warm up and adapt to those. Right. Types of rules, those.

Navigate your system. One last question when it comes to any particular strategy, when would you not consider a strategy any longer valid? When would you decide? Okay. Yeah.

Great question. So go right. Click over.

Can you go back to the back test again? So like actually go to the actual back test, like the strategy analyzer, like get out of the chart, but go to the strategy analyzer. I see. So there's a couple of things.

There's a lot of information in the back test itself and the back test. Yep. And I assume you've run other like strategies and bots before.

Right. Like you had some others. So open up, run the back test.

You got a lot of them in there. Yeah. Yeah.

So the mega orb is the one that I'm. Yep. Move this back here.

And you're running, I think, on a MES. Are you using templates, I think, or no? No, no, no. I'm not using any template yet.

Templates save you a lot of time. Solomon, do you like templates? Oh, man. Full of templates.

Templates make your life easier. Yeah. No, they do.

They do. I even have a template for a template. Yeah.

Maybe optimization. So what are you going to do here? Yeah. So run a back test real quick.

Just like run. Yeah. Yeah.

And I think you got to pick MES. MES. It's okay.

Or whatever. I think you were running MES previously on a, it was a nine minutes. Yeah.

Nine minutes. Yep. Let's do three months.

We'll be the beginning of May. The end of April. Let's do the 30th.

Okay. Well, okay. Yeah.

And by the way, you can hit that. Commission? It's give or take a few dollars. It's not a huge difference maker, but scroll down a little bit.

And change that order fill to high resolution. High one tick. That'll give you the most accurate, but the slowest.

I don't know. Are you running this on a slow, like a VPS or something? Yes. Okay.

So it might be a little slow. Okay. Tell you what, go ahead and put it back to standard then.

Yep. And then click on template real quick before you save it. Click on template and then let's save you a template here.

Yeah. Save. And then let's give this.

Oh, you have, you have a template already. Is that something different? Yeah. That's the one that I was actually just using.

Oh, okay. Well, do you want to load that one then or no? No, no. Let's use another one.

Okay. We'll just name this something else then, you know, I mean, you can click on it to give it the same name and just change a variable or change something different. Yeah.

I'll put a, what is it? Meg? Or. Yeah. Let's see.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Now go ahead and run. Yep. And then there's a, there's some kind of like box right here.

That kind of, I don't know if that is, but it covers. Okay. There you go.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Now, obviously like this doesn't meet our criteria. Right. So like normally let's say that we find one that meets our criteria, the percentage profitable, the, you know, like this, this wouldn't even pass an evaluation account.

You remember you're using one 50 K account. Right. Right.

So, so what is the goal? The goal is what? Nine, nine K. Nine K. So you got to grow at nine K without losing five K. Correct. Okay. So obviously this isn't anywhere near that, but let's pretend that was just hypothetically.

Right. Scroll down just a little bit. When you're running it.

Like live. This is telling you what you can expect 12 consecutive losers. Now, obviously, because this doesn't meet our criteria.

You know, you would blow up an account if you're using. Right. You blow up an account before you hit 12, if you're using that 10%.

But let's just say that it was, I don't know, four, for example. Right. Let's say it wasn't 12.

Right. Well, once you hit four or five or six or whatever, the number is. What I recommend is you, you start a new one with a brand new account.

What a lot of people will do is they have like one trade before the thing blows up and like, oh, the Bob blew up my account. And it's like, you only had one trade left before you blew up your account. And like, you didn't even give it a fair chance.

It's like, it's like on his last breath. And then you turn it on. It just happened to lose.

You know, so that's kind of the expectation. This tells you your expectation of, you know, how many consecutive loser. Now I don't usually say it has to be for four long and it has to be nine short.

I don't really care about that. It's, it's this number right here. Now 12, obviously in that, in this case, I don't think I've ever seen one that high before, but if you find one that meets our criteria, then that that's a totally different story.

Now what you can do is click on template right here and then load that template you just had and we can rerun it and we can look at it one more time. Right. So like just click on that top one, the top one and let's reload it. 

Yeah. And now click run again and let's see what that does. See if it tells us a different.

Oh, it's saying 15. Wow. So that's saying 15 to losing. 

So that, that, but that's what I'm saying is like that, that wouldn't, that still wouldn't have cleared your, your nine K goal member without your how can you have 15 losing trades if you're risking 500 each and have 23? Oh, it's probably look at the, the list of trades in here. Can you open that up? Well, I'm only using it for Wednesday. Yeah. 

Right. But it's still the same. I'm guessing.

Go to the list of trades here. Trade the list of trade. I'm guessing it's, you might have some trailing stops where they're not full size losses is my guess. 

Yeah. Sort the, Oh yeah. See, these aren't full size losses that actually makes more sense.

That's what I was thinking it was. Okay. Okay. 

Okay. We'll sort it by the trade number again real quick. And you had 15 in a row.

So I don't know if you have the stomach to run 15 in a row, if it loses 15 times in a row, but that's a, you know, ballsy. Wait, it said 15 in a row or 15 total losing trades. I thought I said 15 in a row. 

Go back to the summary one more time. Yeah. Scroll down.

Right here. Well, okay. Sorry. 

Okay. So sorry. I looked at six in a row. 

There you go. Okay. So six in a row. 

I saw it wrong. I read it wrong. So six.

So really, but still then you still didn't have, it still didn't meet your goal of trying to get an account funded. Remember you got nine K plus nine K is your goal. And then minus five K is your drawdown.

So that's the goal you're looking for. And those requirements are like non-negotiable with apex. And then from that, your a $500 risk and then your one 70 contract size on the, you know, those are, those are kind of the, the, the contract and the risk on the right kind of determine what you're, what you're looking for on the left here. 

Right. So, right. Yep. 

Okay. Yeah. And then obviously, so like in this case, you're, you're running, what may June and July. 

So that's a good, good 90 days. And what time zone are you in Eastern? Okay. Got it. 

Eastern. Okay. We'll try.

Let's try this on a five minute real quick. Let's try something. Yep. 

Try in a five minute and then a scroll up a little bit more. Yeah. And then set this to set this to zero. 

Yeah. Set this to a 10 30. Yeah. 

Set this to like, I don't know, 1.2. Yeah. And then a changes to M N Q and see what that does. I think that's something similar to what I'm running.

I have to go double check my settings, but something similar. You said on the five minutes. Yes.

Okay. Let's do. I'm going to run it real quick myself and see, see if that's correct.

There might be a couple of settings we're going to have to adjust. This is, this is no bueno. No bueno. 

Okay. Let's see. I'm running mine real quick. 

Let's see. You're probably running more than just Wednesday, Matt. I'm running every day of the week, actually. 

Yeah. And the risk is probably, well, the risk and the risk and the max slots are going to be proportional to the account size. But let's run this again. 

See what happens. Hang on. Hang on.

Let's see. I got the wrong template loaded. So I'm looking at the wrong demo.

My, my, I'm using one ticket. It's going to take a minute to run. Oh, you have. 

Okay. Yeah. I'm doing like the fine tooth comb.

And my profit ticket is 1.7, actually 1.7. Seven. No offset. Zero. 

And then start time is. So for you, I guess it would be. You have, what are you using 10 for you? So 10 for you will be 11 for me.

Oh, sorry. The start time would be nine 40. So this says start time eight 45. 

So it hasn't been finished. The back test is still running. If you can believe that. 

So I just. So nine 45 Eastern, you know, five minute. It's doing high one tick 1.75. Five SL tick paddings, two entry padding ticks.

Three trick, three trades per day. I think everything else is slightly different because of your risk, but. Per day.

Yeah, go run it through the end of. So go back a month, go back through the end of June and then go back through the beginning of April. That's the, that's kind of what it's running. 

I can't stop it until it's done. The beginning of April. That's what mine's running. 

Beginning of April to the, to the end of June. Yep. So this.

Now, let me see. How many trades did I put out? One second. Okay. 

Three. Okay. Three trades. 

Okay. Let's run this. See what happens.

Oops. Yeah, there's like this little square thing that I don't know what that is. Yeah, that's.

Some floating window. Okay. This one is a little better here.

Yeah. 41%. So your goal, I mean, that hits your goal of minus 5K and nine. 

Yeah. So then if we fast forward the dates to five, like go forward one date now, see if that changes anything. On both? So yeah, so go forward one more month.

One more month or one more day? Uh, so go to, so go ahead and pick the fifth, the, uh, sorry. May 1st. May 1st. 

Okay. Hold on a second. I mean, you can just pick right there.

Right. Hold on. Let me move this out of the way.

May. Hold on a second. May 1st.

Yep. And then July. The end of July.

The end of July. Today's the last day of the month. Dang.

How did I miss that? It is. Jeez. It was like January just the other day.

I know, man. I know. What happened to this year? Let's see.

So let's see what happens. I don't get the 9K on this, but the drawdown is very much the same. Yeah. 

So, um, open this up and let's look at the, uh, analysis real quick. And then, um, let's click on. The, uh, open this up and do day of the week there.

Okay. So. Looks like Tuesdays and Fridays didn't work as well this in, in July.

Actually, that actually makes sense. So let's take the Tuesdays and let's take the Fridays. Let's run that and see what happens.

And you can, um, go back to your summary and you can, um, like save this as a, like a template. Okay. The drawdown is what is it? Three.

Yeah. So in this case, it would be slightly, I guess you would, it would be, um, you can go back slightly more than three months to, to, to, you can also play around with the profit taker. You can maybe try 1.8 and see if that makes a difference.

Um, the, the ultimate way to do this Miguel would be to run it on a one tick because that's like a fine tooth. The standard is like a quick, fast. It's not as accurate.

Okay. Um, but you know, it's yeah. See, there you go.

A little better. Yeah. The profit factor is still not too.

Almost one point. So the, the only difference is if you're using multiple days, um, if you're using multiple days and I'm okay to relax this and this, if you're using multiple days, like, you know, three to four or five days a week, I'm okay with multiple days. Yeah. 

Yeah, exactly. But you know, it's better than what you're just looking at as an example. Right. 

Right. Yeah. Yeah. 

So, um, let's say something real quick just before we move on is go ahead and, um, save this as a template. Um, and if you make any adjustments to, to the settings, you can just overwrite the template, but go ahead and give this a name or something so you can get into it. How many days? Let's say this is a Monday, Wednesdays and Thursdays.

Let's say that S so let's put mega or Monday. Okay. Okay.

So I'll continue to play around with this. And, and again, the question was, when would you consider a, a, a, when do I bail on it? Is that what you're saying? Pretty much. Yeah. 

Uh, so, um, can you, is there, did I make that smaller? Oh, there we go. Okay. So scroll down and it's just the max consecutive losers. 

Right. So, but keep in mind how this, like a lot of people misunderstand what max consecutive losers means. This is seven. 

Yeah. So what that means though, Miguel is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Right now, if I have one winner and then another couple of losers, this technically is seven in a row interrupted by a winner and another couple losers that is still according to plan, right? People still might would freak out, but obviously you have to give this a little bit of wiggle room.

So if you think about it, it's kind of like flipping a coin where, um, you know, heads, you win, tails, you lose. Now, like probability wise, if you flip a coin 10 times, you're going to get, you know, five heads, five tails, five wins, five losses. However, like realistically you might get three wins, I'm sorry, three losses and seven wins or vice versa. 

Right. But sometimes the losses start first and then the wins come later. And a lot of people freak out if the losses start first and then they want to change it up and then they, they never just give it a chance to work.

Does that make sense? So now the fact that a lot of people just go, they like, people just cannot handle that. I get like, I get zoom meetings all the time. People are like, Matt, it took a losing trade. 

Something is wrong. I'm like, I wish I could engineer it to never ever lose, but I have not figured that part out yet. I've not like no one's figured out the matrix enough yet to figure the crack that code.

So the fact that it's 45% profitable since you use it in multiple days, you don't really worry about that much. Right. Right.

Cause then, then we're not focused on these or just focused on, if you scroll up or focused on the, the goal of your, your, in your case would be the nine K and the minus five K goal. Your goal focus, goal oriented in that case. Yeah.

Right. In this case he made it. Yeah.

And you could probably look at the open up this this display and open up the analysis and you'll see exactly like when exactly you would have crossed that $9,000 mark. Yeah. Open that up to a day daily.

And then yep. Daily. And then down here do cumulative net. 

Yep. And you'll see like 9,000 was like, right. Oh, you would have done it right here.

So it would have happened earlier. You know, you would hit that pretty quickly, but this is what I'm saying. Like you see how like you hit a profit and then you're negative and you were like, Oh my God, something is losing. 

Let's let's go jump off the buildings. You know, but I'm serious. People do that. 

I'm not, not jumping off buildings, but people like they just lose their, their minds. But ultimately you just gotta like what would happen if you stopped and you wanted to tinker with it and then you go run another back test and then you start a whole new, a whole new setup, but you don't give it time to like to work. You just always changing it.

It's like the probabilities of flipping a coin, right? And you got all losing and then you're like, let me go get a new coin and start all the probabilities, all from zero all over. And it's like, well, the odds, you know, if you had three losing flips, the odds are really, really highly favorable that you're going to get winning ones next. Right.

But people just, they just don't understand. They start all over. But what this is showing you is that $9,000 mark would have been crossed right here. 

And that looks like probably about what, I don't know, five, six, seven weeks, something like that into, into the, this would have been on June 25th. Yep. So about three was that's about four, four.

So it's about seven, eight weeks in. Yep. Not bad. 

Not bad at all. Yeah. And then what happens is you get a PA account, right? And the PA account is a is where you can actually request payouts.

Solomon's got what, how many accounts PA accounts you got? Like eight? No, like six, six PA accounts. Yeah. So PA accounts is where you can get requests, payouts and stuff. 

So yeah. That's, that's kind of the process. So you're saying, sorry, you're saying basically, you know, you gotta understand what you're running, what the max losers are and be okay with that. 

Yeah. You ready for that before, you know, this is telling you what you should expect. Yeah.

It's like a lot of people will say, okay, I'm okay with that. And the first loser that happens, they lose their mind. And I'm like, this is telling you what you can expect and you're okay with that.

And then when it happens, you're not okay with it. And I get some, yeah, I get some pretty crazy conversations. Or someone will show me their backtest and I'll, and I'll say, show me the backtest of what you're running.

And none of it even meets any of the remote criteria. It's like a losing backtest. And I'm like, this is what you're running live.

They're like, yeah, I'm like, what part of this meets the criteria? Cause it says you should expect to lose $17,000. Like what part of this made you want to run this? Cause I don't understand what you're looking at here. It's going to turn around. 

It's going to turn around. Yeah. So anyway, that's kind of the idea is the, once you hit your max losses, that's kind of where you would say, okay, it's, you know, it's, it's kind of off plan.

And that does happen sometimes, right? Like obviously the backtest isn't predicting the future, but it's telling you with probabilities and we all know how probabilities work. Right. And so that's the idea is it's telling you probability wise.

And there's a difference between, you know, like what's, what's possible and what's probable. Those are slightly different things that have very different outcomes. Right.

So yeah, it's possible that, you know, a meteorite could hit the earth, but it's not probable. Right. And so, well, this one that's coming is supposed to hit.

We're supposed to be getting out. What is it? Um, UF, what do you call that? Someone is supposed to be visiting us. So I'm glad I brought that up. 

Yeah. Good question. It's like, do you remember, do you remember like, what was it like five or six years ago? There's people who are going to like 2 million people were going to like try to rush area 51 all at once. 

And they're like, you can't shoot all of us all at once. You remember that? That was so funny. There's actually, I saw there's a Netflix documentary about that, right? It's right now.

It's pretty funny. Now, one final question. I usually do not use any strategy on Fridays.

In your experience, do you have any particular, is there any particular bot that you think is good for Fridays? Um, I've, I've had some that run only Fridays and I've, I've had some that I've had, it's been a mixed bag personally. Okay. Cause I usually don't do it.

And I have some people that swear up and down by Friday. So it just, again, it, it just, it just, I guess. Yep. 

And again, the back test should guide your, your, like your hand, your decision-making. Yeah. So just quick question.

With all the other bots that you've had for NinjaTrader, have any of them got accounts funded before or no? Uh, yes. Yes. One I kind of used it, but yeah, but you know, the reason that I chose you guys lately, it's because you pretty, like I said at the beginning, you're pretty thorough.

I mean, if you don't learn with you guys, I don't know what the heck is wrong with you. Well, we have people who don't even install NinjaTrader and then yell and scream at us that they didn't learn anything and they didn't get an account funded. I mean, we have people who have been with us a year, who's still have not installed NinjaTrader, believe it or not.

True story, Solomon. Wow. That's cool.

We don't even have their machine IDs. Matt, you deal with that? Dang. We reach out to them and they don't respond. 

I'm like, do you want us to cancel you? Like, what do you? They don't respond. I don't know. I don't know what to do, but they're, I mean, it's rare, but.

Only the hungry get fed. Yep. Cool. 

I agree. But we also do options credit spreads. You ever traded credit spreads, Miguel? I've traded a little bit of options.

I've lost a ton of money. Yeah. I'm looking at your.

The fixed risk is like defined, predefined. The risk and reward both are predefined. We got Solomon who just started in July.

When you did the last presentation on it, I was present. The problem with me is that my time is so limited. So I have to kind of be, you know, be ready to when you send those alerts and be ready to trade it.

I work for FedEx and they treat you like a slave. Okay. It's tough for me. 

It's really tough. Yeah. No worries.

So this is actually better for me because I can set it up early in the morning. Sure. And go on with my day, come back in the afternoon and see what happens.

Driving is what you're saying. Yeah. I'm pretty active.

I'm pretty active. From what I know, come out Tuesday and Wednesday. From what I'm seeing, I mean, I don't know.

It's usually Monday through Thursday. Yeah. Monday through Thursday.

And like, I don't know, midday or something like that. From what I'm seeing, but Hey. Yeah. 

It's not at the market open. It's not the market close, but somewhere in the middle. Monday through Thursday.

Because we don't hold things over the weekend. And it's usually, you know, a lot of people like me, I don't actually ever use a computer to put in an option straight. I do it all on my phone, a hundred percent on my phone.

Yeah. Me too. So like, if I tell you guys how much money I make on my cell phone, you guys would just, you guys would lose your minds.

You gotta be scamming. You guys would lose your minds just on my phone. One day, man. 

One day. One thing at a time, right? At a time. Yeah. 

Nice. So hopefully, you know, with your system, I will be able to retire soon. Sure.

And then I could do other things with you. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. We'll come visit you in New York city. Yeah. 

Yeah. Yeah. Any other questions for me? I'm good for now. 

Thank you. Thank you for the help. Gotcha. 

Yeah. Solomon, did you have any questions? I literally, I just came on to, to see maybe there's something I could learn. And yeah, you know, I learned a few things here and there.

Yeah. I had some time, so I jumped on. Gotcha. 

Cool. So basically what you're saying is if it loses, the back that says five losses in a row or whatever, the max drawdown, expect that. Would you ever give it a cushion? Would you ever give it a cushion, like a 20% cushion or like a... Well, if it comes to like the losers, yeah, you can use your, your judgment, but obviously if it says, you know, four losers in a row and you're sitting at seven, that's probably off plan, you know, but like the one he, we're looking at where it said you can expect 12 losers that, I mean, you would have blown up your account first.

I could tell you that already, you know, if you're using 10%. So, but yeah, I mean, it tells you what you can expect. And that's, you know, like a high probability kind of thing, depending on whatever it showed for the, the percentage profitable.

So yeah. And also you guys, there's a, there's a book that talks about this in depth, but people have this, this negative emotion from a losing trade that is twice as negative as the positive emotion from a winning trade. So what that means is you have to have two winning trades, the, like the, the adrenaline or the emotions that come from two winning trades, two winning trades offsets one negative emotion from a losing trade.

Right. So you almost have to win twice as much as you lose just to have a baseline, a flat baseline, which is kind of interesting if you have 50 50, you know, win rate, because then you're kind of slanting negative. It's pretty amazing.

Like the study, they do studies on like, like poker players and it's pretty interesting because a lot of it applies to traders too. A lot of people equate trading to like chess, but it's more like poker than chess because not everything is, is like for chess, every move has a predicted counter move. Whereas with like poker, there's not all the information is known there.

You don't know what cards the other player has. You don't know what's in the deck. You don't know what's strong.

You don't know what the dealer's doing. There's a lot of unknown hidden information, right? You got to make decisions with unknown information, hidden information, same thing with like trading, same thing, right? And so like the emotions of one winning trade does not offset the negative emotion of one losing trade. It takes two winning trades to counterbalance one losing trade, which I thought was pretty interesting.

It's like a two to one ratio. So that's like a 65 35 kind of a deal, right? It's pretty interesting. So that's why believing in your back test and trusting it comes in place.

Yeah. Because if you back test it, just follow what it says. I mean, don't panic.

Just don't even look at it. You know, Miguel, I literally just had this this month. My back test told me six losers in a row.

And I said, dang, that's a lot, but it was half risk. So I was okay with it. Six losers Miguel.

The first week, two weeks, actually six losers. And I'm like, I'm gonna pull up. I said, no, this is the moment you choose to be a robot.

So just do it. So I said, you know what? I'll leave it. I'm not kidding you.

It literally win, win, win, win, win, win, win all the way till I was positive. And in the profit, man, like. Yeah, that's a great example.

And what would have happened though, Solomon, if you would have like taken offline and then you would have like started over and had some more losers and then you say, oh, this is garbage. And yeah, I'm sure you would have used my name in some. Some rhetoric.

Don't listen to this man. He doesn't know what he's talking about. That's kind of been a story of my life.

But you got to stick with something long enough to give it a chance. Right. That's the.

Not sticking long enough. Exactly. Cool.

Yeah. Cool. Well, let me know if you guys have any other questions.

Otherwise, I got to run. I'm helping my youngest. Thank you much. 

I appreciate it. I've learned a whole lot. We'll see you guys.

Who's going to be here next Thursday? You are Tracy. Tracy. No, I will.

I will be. Yep. I will be.

OK, sounds good. Whichever way you guys are great. Thank you.

Yep. My pleasure. Bye bye.