Well, you guys, my, I got locked up there. Okay, let's try that again. Let's try and, I think it's NinjaTrader.

Let's give it a second, NinjaTrader's loading. It's loading, and when it's loading, it's taking a long time, and while it's loading, it freezes up Zoom. So if I try to get into the share right now.

Brandon, did you see the post I put in the community about the monthly strategy group? I did, yeah. You interested in it? I would, yeah, yeah, definitely so. Okay, I'll add you to the group then.

When, when are you thinking about meeting or have you set that time yet? I haven't set it up yet. I'm waiting for, to get, I just got a few people saying yes today, so I'm going to get the group going, and then I'll set up a poll asking kind of what day works best for everybody, and then I can just pick. It's just going to be once a month. 

We'll meet for about an hour, and we'll just talk about strategies and walk away with ideas and things that we can do, so. Yeah, yeah, I'd be interested. All right, I think this is loaded, so let me just go share.

There we go. Okay, so this is the new version right here. Now, you can see all of your accounts that you have available.

So these are all your different data connections that you have available, and if you've got them connected, they'll turn green. Now, if you want that particular connection to be connected or protected, then as far as the disconnects, all you do is click on. So now, if I go and disconnect, it's going to tell me disconnected from, and it's going to do, it's going to try and see here, it's going to try.

There's the first attempt, and it'll just keep tracking how many times it does it, and it'll go to a max of 10. If after 10 attempts it fails, then it doesn't keep trying, and if you have the disconnection notice on and the email set up, then it'll email it to you, okay? Okay, great. So just be aware, because if you do have this on and you go to try to disconnect deliberately, it's going to keep turning it back on.

So you do need to come in here and turn this off, and then you'll be able to disconnect. Sorry, it's just loading again because I disconnected. Okay.

So this takes a bit for, I got a lot of charts open right now. Okay, so are there any other questions about this? This is what it looks like, and everything gets logged here. So that's the nice part.

Now, if you do get an email saying that, hey, there's been a disconnect, make sure you take a look at the logs and see kind of what happened, right? Yeah, definitely. All right, I'm going to stop my share. Okay, so are there any other questions or any other things you guys would like me to go over? I have a question for you, Tracy.

Yeah. So on the portfolio bots that I've set up, there was one account that I blew up already with it, and I was, man, it seemed like it was taking some huge losses. And I thought, okay, well, is it losing connection anyway? And it didn't look like it was, but I went in and I run back tests on it, and I noticed that the mega snapback bot was taking huge losses versus the risk.

On which one? All of them. On all of them? Yeah, so I'm getting... So like, for example, I'm looking at the back test right now, and it's... So it says exit on risk level at a $409 loss, and I've got another $257 loss. Then there's even like a $600 loss up further, actually not on... And you ran a back test, and the back test is showing those losses? On all three different mega snapback bots.

What version of mega snapback are you using? Should be the latest, but let me double check that. Because I'm running one, two, three. It should be version 1.8, but I'm running one, two, three snapbacks right now, and I have had zero issues with them.

Let me look here. Oh, come on. Oh, it lost connection.

So I need to go in here, strategies. Okay, so it would have been on this sim account. I got it on the sim account, not edit.

So it's mega snapback 1.8. Okay, and which bots were you running them on? So it is mega, so it's the 7-minute MNQ, 11-minute MYM, and the 12-minute MCL. Yeah, do you know what bot it is? Oh, yeah, so actually, it's all four of them, 82, 131, 75, and 125. Okay, so let's do 82 first.

Let me just share my screen. Oh, actually, I take that back. Not 82, that's on a different... Oh, hold on, Tracy, I might have led you straight there.

It's 82, 79, and 60. 82, let's load that up. And what ticker is that supposed to be on? That's 82 is M2K, micros, M2K, let's run it.

Okay, and this is on how much risk? $100. $100, okay. Okay, so the average losing trade is only $132.

And yes, there is a big, big loser. Let's just take a look at why. Analysis, let's go with trades.

So there are some that are coming out beyond. So let me take a look at what are the reasons why. Actually, what I'm going to do is I'm going to do 2025.

And I'm going to run this on a high tick resolution. So and then on my bath test that I did, I did the current date. So it would have been like the 15th.

Okay, so one of the things that we need to do is just take a look at the chart on it. Because what time is it trading at? Um, 539, and that would be Mountain Standard Time. Okay, so that's how many hours? That's two hours after the marker.

No, that's right at the market open, right? No, that would be well for Mountain Standard Time, that'd be like two hours, almost two hours before now, or before. That's seven. Oh, yeah, two hours before.

Okay, so the liquidity might be really low, and that might be causing the problem. So this is M2K. And so yeah, I'm just going to run this on a high tech and see what the results are.

We'll come back to that one. Okay. But yeah, that could be the that could be the issue, right? It could be other than these other bots.

So like 75, or no, getting mixed up here. Like 79 and 60. Oh, I guess I need some data.

Hang on. Disconnect data. I don't know why this isn't running.

Nope. Can you guys still hear me? Yeah, okay. Sorry, NinjaTrader just locked up on me again.

Are you running the 79 on M2K as well? No, MYM. Okay, because I just ran a back test on it and it came up negative. So I just want to make sure.

MYM? Yeah. And it's on a it's a 13 minute on a 13 minute chart. And it actually starts trading at 745 in the morning.

So that's 15 minutes after the market opens. That one should be really good. But maybe there's an issue with the push or the snapback bot.

We'll have to take a look at it. Sorry, this is just running a back test for 2025. I was just trying to look in here because I've got I'm running the mega snapback in some other accounts.

But I haven't noticed that it is an issue in those other accounts yet. But I haven't really dug into it either. So yeah.

Yeah, I think it's really important when you're looking at any of these tests to definitely take a look at what the largest losing trade is. And see what the average losing trade is. And as long as the average losing trade is I've been letting them go through as long as the average losing trade is really close to the risk.

Because sometimes because I can't do the tests on high tick resolution. Some of these historical trades aren't actually like they're outliers. And in live performance, it shouldn't be doing what it's doing.

But I haven't taken the time to dive in and see if it's a liquidity issue where it gaps your stop. Right. And if that's the case.

So this has been negative this year. Let's take a look at the trades. So let me go to the chart and take a look at the chart.

Actually, let me go to summary and see if there's any trades. I think you're on the wrong. Let's see, which one was this? This was 82.

So 82 should be on a six minute. Okay. Okay.

Yep. Yeah. Okay.

You're right. Okay. So I just want to take a look at these.

So this one here, I mean, the largest, largest loss was $153. So this one doesn't have any. Yeah, this one doesn't have any issues.

Let's take a look at the standard and we'll do the full year. Run it. When you do the back test, do you have your minimum bars? I always send to infinity and then set the bars required to trade the two.

I just leave it as this default. That doesn't make any difference? No, I don't think so. So it just means that in 20, it needs 22 trades.

It's getting those 20 cases. I want to take a look at this trade right here. So I go here and then go to chart.

Yeah, that's what I saw. I'm just going to look at the chart and see if I can see a reason why it's just loading it right now. Okay.

So this particular issue, what did it do here? So it entered short, hit the target, and then it entered long. Okay. This is a six minute candle.

It exited here. So for some reason, the stop didn't register here. And unfortunately, this is so far back, I can't get high tick resolution data.

So I don't know what happened because this could have happened like super fast. I don't know. And it marketed you out and got you here.

But I mean, these are six minute candles without seeing a tick data. I can't tell you if the candle stayed up here for the majority of the time and that maybe the stop was right here. Okay.

So there's that one. I don't know what happened with this guy here. This one hit the stop and it was too big.

So let me take a look at that guy. But honestly, just about all of those trades are outside the risk. Yes, they are.

And I don't know why. So I have to, and unfortunately, without, like I said, without the tick data, I can't find that out. So I'm going to have to send it off to the developer and ask him what's the deal.

See, and they're happening, they're happening like it's back to back. So I think like you get in, like this took three trades in a row, like really quickly. So I'm wondering if there's a potential timing issue where it gets in too fast and the order gets skipped.

So it doesn't have a stop, but it says it hit the stop here. So I don't know. I'm going to have to, I'm going to have to send this in.

Okay. So there's, I'll, I'll, I'll review all the snapback trades or ones, but I mean, it's not happening. There was a couple on there with a 2025 date.

Where are they? It's weird. Cause when I did the line, the trade number seven, four, five. Right here.

So yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, that one too. It's interesting because when I did it with high tick resolution, this didn't show up.

Right. So that's why I'm looking at the high tick. Cause the high tick resolution is going to be accurate.

The standard isn't. So if I go back to 2025 and I do up to, did you see it happen today or this week? Well, it blew up the account last week. Yeah.

I mean, so the portfolio that I put together was like, it was at $127,000 for the last three years portfolio. And I only had like a $2,400 drawdown or something like that. So I'm like, Oh, this is going to be rock solid.

I mean, that thing nosedives so fast. Yeah. That's not, that's not good.

Right. So we need to write. Yeah.

But that's, uh, did you notice it was taking losses that were bigger than it? It should be. Yeah, I did. Yeah.

And so when I, I didn't catch it. Cause I'm in the back of my mind. I'm like, don't mess with the brand, just let it go.

And so here, when you do the back test since September 1st, it shouldn't have every, every trade showed up properly. Right. The max loss was $115.

Yeah, that's no, I saw it taking bigger losses, but the problem with it is, is when you're training a portfolio portfolio, you don't know what's overlapping. You don't know. Um, but you should, because that's, if you use, if you set the portfolio up and you used the, the ones that are in the yellow, I've already taken care of that.

So there should be zero overlapping trades. Yeah. So, yeah, that's interesting.

So I don't know, but I mean, within about two weeks, it took, it took, well, it took $2,000 worth of drawdown. The account already had a little bit of drawdown on it. So whatever.

So you, do you still have your logs? Because like I said, I just ran this on historical and not, it, it didn't, it didn't do anything. So the most it lost was $288 and 32 cents since September 1st. I don't think I do, unless you know how to find the logs after the account's blown up.

Can you, can you do that? Um, just go, just go to your log, like go, go to log right here and see how far back it goes. And if you can, if you can export the log to me, I can send that off and see if the, um, I can see if the, uh, developer can, can, um, troubleshoot what happened. I'm in the log right now, but you need.

It should show the account. So I need you to go back to the dates and just export the whole log. If, if you do see the dates that are in there, but it may be gone.

Yeah, that's, so I've got the log, but it's not really showing any, just showing connection losses. So, sorry, where did you go again? Do I need to go into like positions? No, you go to the, so in the, down here, that's called log. Yeah, just go to log.

You'll have the date on the side and the time, and then you just scroll through and just see if, if it has, if it has the, uh, the thing you're looking for, the account that you're looking for. And if it does, then you just right click in the screen and go to export. It'll export all of the data as a CSV file.

Okay. Okay. I'll work on that.

Okay. Now, if this, if this happened, if that, cause this could be a disconnect issue, this could be, this could be multiple different things. So what happens is, uh, if the orders aren't going through, cause that, that exit on risk, that's a protection that we built into the bot so that if your stop doesn't get put in it exits, but it, it can't exit during the candle.

It exits at the close of the candle. So that could still be, um, pretty substantial if that candle moves quite a bit, right? We aren't able to get it to work in real time. We're only able to get it to work at the close of the candle.

So, um, but if I could get that information, if this happens again to you, you need to, you need to dump those logs for me. So get that log and, and send it off to me. Take some screenshots of the trades.

Uh, if you can go to your executions tab as well and export that, and then your orders tab and export that all of that information, we can kind of put it back together and find out what happened. But like I said, I've been running the snapback for the brand new version since it came out and I haven't had any issues and I've got three different bots running on it. Well, yeah.

And like I said, it's weird because I'm running it in other accounts and it doesn't seem to have been an issue except for just in this one. Right. One account or portfolio.

So let me check the other two bots. So you said that, cause that was 82. What was the other one? Uh, let me go back here.

You said 79 or 78? Um, so yeah, 79 and 60. Okay. So 79, let's load that one.

And I'm just going to go, let's do one and I want to do I tick and this is on MYM. No, let me go to the right. There we go.

And let's run this. Okay. So that most, that one loss was $292 as well.

This in the last couple of weeks. So if we look at the trades, yeah, it's bang on. Historically.

So it's working historically. And which one am I running? I gotta see which one I'm running. Dang.

So you might be right. It might just be something to do with the liquidity on M2K. I don't know.

Yeah, but I'm running one on M2K and I haven't had any issues. Absolutely none. In fact, I'm running the one with the six minute.

I don't know if it's the same one, but I'm running it and I haven't had any issues. Weird. Yeah.

So that comes down to, like I said, the likely culprit is potentially an issue with the connection part, because like I said, if your connection gets interrupted while the signal is going out or a latency issue, it times out, the broker rejects the order. It doesn't take it or it takes it too late. It could be a lag issue there.

There's multiple at the time that the market exit happens by the time it actually gets filled can be very different. And like I said, the connection issues could be part of the problem and it just messes up with the orders. There's that.

What I'd recommend you do right now is uninstall the MegaSnapback version 1.8 completely. So uninstall it, restart your computer, and then reinstall it again and see if that doesn't clean up some of the issues, because if it wasn't a clean install either, that could be causing some problems and malfunctions. Okay.

Because there's some remnants of the old version that might be still hanging around. Okay. Okay.

So originally I thought that it could be a connection issue because I've run into that a lot in the past and then, you know, it got me into a trade, but it didn't set the stop loss order. But I kind of ruled that out because I didn't have to manually exit anything. So I'm like, if I didn't have to manually exit anything, you know, NinjaTrader was taking care of it or whatever.

I'm like, well, there must have been some type of stop loss order in there or take profit, well, stop loss. Or not, because, you know, it has, there's this thing here. It says exit on session closed.

That could also have been. Oh, yeah. Right.

So that could have been operating it, not your actual stop. Okay. So if there is a malfunction, but listen, this is for all of you.

I check my trades every single day and if there is any discrepancy at all, I stop it and I want to know why. So I will not keep trading it. So if I have one bot that shows something that is unreal, like it doesn't make sense, then I'm not going to use it.

Okay. I'm going to immediately stop it. I'm going to take a look and I'm going to try and troubleshoot what happens.

So just keep that in mind. Now, that being said, there are some bots in here. Let me just find my, let me find my spreadsheet.

Okay. So there are some spread or some, what do you call it? Settings that are in here. Let me just pull some up.

So these would be, actually, let me just go to minis only. So if I just look at minis and I look at some of the big ones, let me take a look at, actually, I'll take a look at NQ. So 151 and that is a mega snap.

So let's go, what did I say? 151. Load. So with some of these bigger, like NQ on the smaller risks, did I leave this as a 151? Where am I? Yeah, that's a $500 risk.

So some of these, because if it didn't have, or you don't have the futures button, like the don't take more than one contract, like if it's less than one contract, don't take it. You're gonna get some pretty massive risk on here. So, but I left like here, $9,000 loss on this.

It's only got a $500 risk, $3,000 loss. Okay, now why is that happening? It's happening because the size is just too, it's too big, right? And this was exiting on risk as well. So these ones need to be very careful.

Now I left them in because some people may not care. Your average losing trade is still $563, even though you have some massive losses, but you're getting 115,000 on one bought over a three-year period. And this has a bigger drawdown.

So these aren't designed for your, what do you call it? Your funded account programs. These are designed for more people that have larger accounts kind of thing. So that's what these ones are for.

But you just need to pay attention to this because some of these do have this. And again, because I'm not able to do the tick data, some of these are showing up this way and it has to do with that. It doesn't have to do with real performance.

So if I was to just, like I said, run this in 2025 and go to, let's just do there and high tick resolution, all of a sudden I'm getting accurate results, better accurate. So that's why we've left them. But you still have to be very careful because you notice the number of trades or the number of contracts NQ is taking.

It was almost all one because the risk is too small for NQ. NQ has such a big range that you need almost a thousand dollars risk to trade it. Otherwise, the mathematically it's calling for maybe a half a contract.

Half a contract and you can't get a half a contract. So it automatically fills you with one contract, which means you've already doubled your risk. Do you know what I mean? So that's just something to be that we are looking for.

So the first thing that I was thinking when you said that is that, oh, did you pick one of these guys? Where it's the risk is too low for the thing that you're using. And therefore you're maxed out on your contracts or not maxed out, but you're getting you don't have enough to get enough contracts. Enough risk to get any contract.

So we'll just wait for that to done. I'm hoping you guys understand what I mean by that. So yeah, yeah.

I mean, if it calls for like point two contracts and you get one contract, you've just forexed your risk, right? So not all of our bots have the button that you can click and mega snapback is one of them. It doesn't have a button and I need to get that added where it says, don't take a trade if it's less than I know volume bot has it in 10 EMA, I think has it in. This guy does not have it.

It's it has futures, but it doesn't have the button that says, hey, don't take the trade if it's less than and I usually put point seven. So in this particular case, we just did a high tech resolution. And if we take a look at the trades, so we do, we're still getting some.

So let me take a look at this chart. Actually, let me just go to the chart because that's bought number 50 trade number 58. Oh, I got a risk of 500 though.

So that's what I'm supposed to have. Okay. So let's go back to here.

Okay. So it was a hundred dollars over. So let's take, I want to take a look at that trade.

So that was 58, right chart. Oh, sorry. Let me go back to the trades, find out what date that was.

Okay. So that is May 2nd. So let's go to, okay.

So May 2nd is right here, I believe. No, that's May 8th. Where's May 2nd? There is no trade here.

Oh, here it is. Okay. So this one here, you see, that's a big candle.

So I suspect the market entry, cause this is a six minute. This probably moved really quickly. This was probably a news release right at 536.

Yeah. This was a news release. So likely this you're going to get slippage.

There's nothing you can do about it. Right. And, and all of us would have a different price because as soon as that starts to move, I don't know if you guys have seen, were you guys watching the market on Thursday when FOMC came out? Oh man.

How quickly it went up, how quickly it went down, how quickly it went back up again. Right. Like it happens.

Okay. So even though this is a six minute candle, this probably happened in a one second candle. Okay.

Okay. So you're going to get slippage that way. There's nothing we can do about it.

It's sometimes it works in your favor. Sometimes it doesn't. So that's the thing that if I look at the chart and I see, if I do my analysis, so I'm looking at one of the settings that are inside of the portfolio and I go, okay, I want to do this.

I'm always going to be taking a look at my, my trades. I'm going to look at just on the summary page. I'm going to look at what the largest losing trade is.

I'm going to look at what my average trades are, and then I'm going to just investigate this a little bit more and take a look at some of the charts to see why, why was it as big as it was? And if you've got those big candles, those big explosive candles coming out, I can rest assure you it was a news release and it just hit you the wrong way. And all of our stops are stop market orders. So stop market orders, any market order, you're at the mercy of whatever they fill you at.

Okay. So that's just the negative side of slippage. It's part of doing business.

But if there's something more devious happening, like the bot's not performing well, but in this particular case, everything's working. Okay. And we did the test on the high tech resolution.

So I'm, I'm happy with the results. I can't see anything wrong. So if it's not performing live, then I need the data in order to go back and question, find out why, why is it not working? Good.

What's interfering with it? Okay. Okay. Awesome.

On these logs, Tracy, so I just go into logs. I mean, I can see in here, I mean, they go way back to the 31st of last month. Perfect.

So then, then what I want you to do is just right click and hit export. Okay. It'll export as a CSV.

And then I want you to go to your executions log and see if you can go back that far as well. I, um, I'm just going to save this to my desktop. And if you could help us narrow it down by giving us the dates, roughly the dates of when those trades were, that would be greatly appreciated.

Okay. Okay. And then at least we can go back in the log and figure out why.

Now, as far as the executions, they only go back to just yesterday. So they don't go back that far. Yeah. 

Then don't worry about those. If it happens again, dump those for me as well as the orders. Okay.

Okay. But in the meantime, what I'd like you to do, like I said, is uninstall that bot, do a clean, clean uninstall. So uninstall it, restart, install it, restart.

Okay. And that'll give you a clean install. Now, one of the things you do before you uninstall it is go into your documents folder.

Sorry. So go into your documents folder, go to your NinjaTrader8, go down to templates, go to strategies or strategy, grab the mega snapback folder and make a copy of it. Put it on your desktop because the minute you uninstall this bot and then you restart, it will delete that folder.

Okay. So then you'll lose everything inside of it. So what you can do is once you reinstall it, then you need to go and you can just take that folder and drop it back in here.

The one off your desktop. Oh, okay. Okay.

Okay. And then you don't lose any of the files that you had in there. Okay.

Okay. Cool. And that's something that I do all the time because I hate losing all my back tests.

I have to be very careful with it right now because I have all the back tests for our entire spreadsheet in my system. So I'd have to go back to the latest zip file. And that would not be fun.

Yeah. So I do not want to accidentally uninstall and then, oh man, I did it. There we go.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

So hopefully that'll help. I don't have an answer for you completely. I don't quite know what's wrong, but I do know that, like I said, I've been running it in the live scenario for the last, well, this particular portfolio I've been running since September 1st and it's working perfectly fine.

Well, I have a feeling what it is after just our conversation here. I have all sorts of connections issues with Ninja. We all do.

And it's, it is problematic. Most of the time, you know, the protection thing catches it and reconnects it. But there's the times where it freezes up.

It just locks everything up and it's. Yeah. Do anything.

So then you got to restart everything and. Yeah. Well, when it, it, so first of all, do you have a, cause on every one of my charts, I have a bar timer on there.

So what I, the way I do it is I have, I just have a single chart up. Yeah. We're getting TIG data and I'll come, it'll say that it's connected, but I'm not getting any TIG data.

It's just, everything's locked up. Right. Okay.

So, cause what I'll do, just let me open a chart here for a second. I'll just do MES because it's faster to load. Okay.

So here's the chart. It may or may not be moving right now. I don't know, but as soon as I go like this, cause I'm connected to data and then I go to bar timer right here.

Okay. And then I add that and I just hit okay. So now it's waiting for real time data.

So there we go. Now it's counting down. Now I know for a fact that I do have data coming in.

I didn't just look at this clock. Now what will happen is sometimes I look and it's stuck at zero. That tells me that it's frozen.

So I don't have to look to see if I've got TIG data. I'm just, I can see the countdown. It's not happening.

Now, what you can do, there's a couple options. You can like disconnect and then reconnect. But I find when you do that, anything that you do have working stops because it disconnects your box.

So what I'll do is I'll right click and then I'll go to reload all historical. Let me do it higher. Reload all historical data.

So I click on that button and then it, it reloads everything. And it usually will unlock this. Oh, nice.

Okay. That's good to know. Thank you.

The other thing that you could do is you just go from, instead of reloading, you could also, if that doesn't work, you just go in here and change the actual chart. So, but I wouldn't change the chart if you've got it, a bot loaded on it. I would just reload the historical data.

Now, the thing is, is if you have a bot loaded and you do the reload historical, I think it'll stop the bot. So you kind of want to do it on a chart that you don't have anything on, but it'll get everything else back working. Cause it read, it reestablishes the handshake with your broker.

Yeah, I don't only work that way. I don't have bots loaded on the charts just cause I think it bogs it down a little bit more. Yeah.

So the only reason I have the chart there is just to see if the thing is working or not. Yeah. And that's what I do too.

So if you have the chart, then like I said, you can just add the bar timer. Okay. Make sure it only has one day loaded.

You don't need more than that. So just one day, cause that's also going to take less resources. The more days you load, the more resources you have.

Okay. You could even make it a daily chart. You don't, you don't even need to have an intraday chart.

You can just make it a daily chart. But like I said, you can just then right click and then reload all historical data. That's good to know.

That'll help. Yeah. Cause I agree.

The way I've done it is go into a disconnect, kills all the bots and then it's like, oh man. And then when you're running all these portfolios and you got to go ahead and reconnect every single one of them. Yeah.

So right here, it's not that big a deal, but I mean. Right. So here, here I have a bot enabled.

Now, if I go and reload historical data, it's reloading, but it doesn't disable my bot. That's nice. Okay.

Yeah. Okay. But if I do a disconnect, then it does.

So. Good to know. Quick question on that strategy tab that you just had up.

Yep. It's usually black or green or white or green on your screen. Yep.

What if it's orange? I had one that was orange. Was it orange or was it yellow? It may have been yellow. Yeah.

Yeah. So what the yellow, yellow means is that when you turned it on, it was already in the middle of a true logic. So it meant that there was actually a trade that it was, it was in the middle of, so it needs to complete the cycle and the trade needs to exit.

And when that happens, then it'll turn green and it'll be enabled to take another trade. Okay. That makes sense.

That's exactly what happened. So I just hadn't seen it before. Yeah, that's exactly what it is.

So it's, it's just, if you turn it off or turn it on, or it gets disconnected and you turn it back on when you were in a trade, it's going to, it's going to be yellow until that trade's complete. Good. I'm glad my question was, was easier than Brandon's.

Yeah, no, it's all great. All great. So.

Another quick question. You bet. Um, so the other one, one day on one of Matt's videos, he had a SIM 102.

Yep. So I've created a SIM 102 on my accounts, but then when I go down on the account dashboard on the push button account dashboard and hit plus, it doesn't let me to change it to SIM 102. Uh, can you share your screen so I know exactly what you're talking about? Let me just allow.

Yeah, go ahead and share your screen. I did hit record, right? Yeah, I'm recording. I think so.

Okay. Okay. So now what, what are you.

Okay. So. So your SIM 102 is right there.

It's called SIM SIM 102. Right. Yep.

But what I was trying to do is, is I was trying to add a SIM 102. Okay. Add another screen.

Yep. And then rename it. No, you don't want to do that.

So what you want to do is go up where it says leader right here and change that to SIM 102. Okay. So if you change that to SIM 102, now this is going to change the SIM SIM 102.

Okay. Yeah. And then I can set, so I've got to click back and forth between them.

Yes, because this, this is controlling what the leader account is. That's the name of the leader account that you're seeing at the bottom. Oh, okay.

Yeah. So now, yeah. So now I've got SIM 101 and SIM 102 is the leader.

Yep. Well, that sure helped a lot. Okay.

All right. No worries. I'm, I'm still new at this.

You're doing great. And these are great questions. So absolutely love it.

So I have another tricky one for you. All right. Hit me.

So I have a, this is just a, um, uh, what do you call it? An account, uh, eval account. But I've been getting these errors that show up. It says liquidation only contract is about to be expired.

Please contact the trade desk. Affected order self 13 stop limit at 2, 4, 4, 5, 5, 7, blah, blah, blah, blah. Only an account hasn't liquidated.

Okay. But are you using the wrong, the wrong contract? Um, so it's, it's in account 25. So let's go take a look.

See strategies. So that is, which one is it? Connection lost. Is that you or me? I don't know.

We all looked. I'm still green. So am I, but it still could have been me.

It sounded like it was me. Everybody had that. Oh, crap.

Look on their face. I'm just trying it. So MNQ.

All right. Well, so strategies, MNQ 25. So it's gotta be that one right there.

Let's go in. And so it's MNQ. Yep.

What is it, the September contract? Oh yeah. September 25th. Yeah.

That's because you should be on the December contract. So you need to roll over. So do you know how to do that? I have, but so when I go in to do it, sometimes it's not available yet, but I don't know.

Let's try it. Let's see if it's. Take care, Jason.

Okay. So what you're going to do is right here, go to tools, and then you're going to go to database management. And right here, it's going to tell you that you need to roll over whatever instruments you need to roll over and then click roll over.

And that should automatically pop up. It should automatically pop up when you restart NinjaTrader, but that's what that means. So it's telling you the contract's about to expire.

So it's automatically getting you out of that trade because you're not allowed to carry those into expiration. Okay. So I just assume that they went all through to the end of September, but it's usually not? No, it's usually around the ninth that we roll over and about the 11th or 12th that it expires.

Oh, okay. Yeah. Also, there may be one other thing at play because I think I noticed this.

I had a, you know, I got the notification to roll my contracts over. So I went ahead and rolled them over, but I didn't save the workspace. But then I had a disconnect.

And when I got reconnected, it reverted back to September contract. Yep. Yep.

Oh. Yep. So roll over, hit yes.

Okay. It's going to roll that over. It should.

And then for some reason, I've been having a hard time getting ES to stay rolled over. So every time I restarted it, it sends it back. But you need to be on, it should update all this.

So you should be on the December contract. Yeah, it did. It's so it automatically updated them.

Yep. And so what you're going to see if you go into the CME site. So CME right here, this is the mini NASDAQ.

So MNQ, if you go to quotes right here, you're going to see the contract. So you've got the September 2025 contract in the December. Look at the volume.

Oh, wow. Yeah. Okay.

So this is just settling up. Like it, there's a little bit left, but you need to be out of it. Everyone's moved over to this contract.

So there's no liquidity on this contract at all. Well, that explains that. Yes.

And if you ever want to know the specs. So you'll see, if you go to specs, you can see settlement periods, financially settled, which is good. Settlement procedures, but it usually tell you around the date of where settlement is.

Where is it here? Might be under settlement procedures. So settlement lead month. You can usually find it somewhere in here.

It'll tell you when the actual date is. But I just follow the instructions when they move over. And if I'm questioning it, because I'll always take a look at volume.

And if the volume starts to peter out, then I'm going to want to, yeah, I don't see it here. Like I said, when we get close to it, I'll start paying attention to the volume. And at that point, just check the quotes and you can see, okay, well, the volumes moved over here, so I should just move over.

Okay, cool. Yeah, you'll, you'll notice it because all of a sudden you're, you're, you're probably not even taking trades. And it's like, why didn't it take a trade? And it's usually because your contract is the old one and it hasn't moved over.

Okay. Yeah, well, and that's what I was just looking at. I'm like, well, it's not trading.

And I noticed that error was coming up and I, but I didn't understand it. I'm like, well, I'm like, whatever it says auto liquidate. And I got crap.

I blew up the account or I wasn't blowing it up. So I'm like, well, what does that even mean? Yeah. So auto liquidate means that they've closed, they've closed the trade.

So there's an auto liquidate where they close the trade on you. Why did they close the trade? It could be for a few reasons. One, you're trading through the overnight session, like trading through the, the, the close you're trading through the close, which you're not allowed to do.

So they could auto liquidate there. So if your stop didn't exit you out or the bot didn't close you out, or you didn't exit before the end of the day, then it'll auto liquidate. It'll automatically close it.

And you're going to get that error. If you're trading on an expired contract, it's going to automatically auto liquidate. If you try and trade with more contracts than you're allowed, it's going to auto liquidate.

If you break the account, it's going to auto liquidate. So there's multiple reasons why it will auto liquidate. The auto liquidate is just telling you, Hey, I'm closing your trade.

You're being closed out of the trade. And then there's usually a reason why. Okay.

So no, these are all really good questions. So that's, that's good. Excellent.

Anybody else? So I'll go through this CSV file, Tracy, I'll narrow down when I was running that bot. And then I'll, I'll add that in the, do you want me to just DM you or how? Yep. Just DM me.

Okay. I'll try to narrow it down. Cause I think it was just the last two weeks that I was running it.

And that account wasn't running very long. So it shouldn't be that hard to narrow down. Okay.

Yep. We'll take a look at it. And like I said, I suspect it's a, if it, especially when it's not happening to any of your other accounts and it hasn't been happening to me, it's likely there was some kind of problem that was happening there.

But I would still encourage you to go through those other steps. Now, the other thing that I'm curious about is what is your, your bot automation hygiene that you do every week? Well, so I go in and pretty much I delete, I go in and delete the cache. Yep.

What do I, I go in and there's a bunch of my delete. Let me look here real quick. Some of them, I'm a little bit leery to delete.

Sorry about that. Let's see. Documents, NinjaTrader 8. Do I do the temp? I think I do the temp file.

I do the cache. I do the trace. Okay.

Don't be doing that. So the only thing, the only thing you should be deleting. If you go to documents and NinjaTrader 8 and then go to DB deal, the cache day, minute and tick.

Those are the only ones that you should be deleting. Okay. This cache file inside your database.

Let me look and see. Cause I think I just did it. Yeah.

There's only like four of them in there. Well, actually a lot more now. I was going to do it again.

So these are the ones that you should be deleting right there. Boom, boom, boom, kick. Yep.

Okay. And only in this folder, that's the only place that you should be deleting. Otherwise you're deleting components of NinjaTrader.

That's probably not a good thing. Yeah. So I, what did I say? What did I say? I was doing trace.

Yeah. Cause I think you were, you were probably deleting the cache folder here. And if you did the trace, cause you're deleting, you're deleting the other folders and it shouldn't be, it should be inside the DB, your database folder.

Okay. Yep. Okay.

And by the way, if you guys ever want to do your own custom sounds, you can make your own custom sound and you can add it into the sounds file right here. And then when you add your sounds file, you can, you can call on it. So it's, oh, you guys might not have that.

That's something special for me. Um, nevermind. Disregard.

Sorry. I just have some extra tools in here that I forgot that I added. So yeah.

I was going to ask kind of everybody in the group. Is there anybody else that has data connections to like, um, like a Schwab account or something like that, that they're using? Not yet. Okay.

I was, the reason I ask is I'm curious, is the data connection any better? Like between like a real live account with Schwab or I know I would ask Interactive, I would ask about Interactive Brokers, but I know theirs isn't really all that great. Theirs sucks. I hate theirs.

Yeah, I had, I had Interactive Brokers. I got rid of it. Um, I, I can't get a Schwab account because I'm not Canadian, but I do have my Kinetic account.

So I have a, my Kinetic, I pay for my Kinetic data. So I have, um, uh, which do you get it from Kinetic? It's from, it's a Ninja Trader supplier, but it, they're just a data provider. They're not a broker.

So I have them and I don't use them all the time because I, I'm not paying for MGC and MCL, like for gold and, and, and, um, so that's extra money and I, I haven't included it. So, um, I'm only paying for the, I'm paying for stocks so I can get Tesla, um, if I'm connected to my, my Kinetic. So I'm just connecting right now.

So right now I can't because I'm connected to, there we go. So now as soon as I connected to my Kinetic, I've got, I've got the Tesla stuff. I've got any of the stocks.

So I'm paying for that. And then I've got, um, futures. So I get the ES and like any of the indexes I get, um, through it.

So I don't use it a lot. I use it for backtesting mostly. Um, not so much for trading with, but I haven't had any issues with it cause I do have to have it on when I'm trading with my personal account because I need to qualify for non-professional, um, service in order to have the, this data feed.

Otherwise I pay 10 times the price for the data subscription. So I have to have it connected and trade with my personal account. So that's the only time I use it is when I'm trading on my personal account.

But I don't have the issues that I have with the funded account. And that's what I was trying to get at is I'm like, well, you know, is it, is it a data connection with Apex or trade a bit, whatever it is, or there's something else. But I, I honestly, I think it's pretty obvious at this point what, where the problem is.

But so that's what I'd like to do is I'd like to get a bunch of money built up in these accounts and move it over to a Schwab account and then just trade the real money out of that. Yeah. Yep.

I know it's, it's hard to get going, but that's, I mean, once you do get going and you get some momentum, the real, the real key is to not pull it all out so that you don't, so that you, you got to get away from that drawdown and then you can just start letting these things do their thing and grow. So it's about, it's about getting it just across that goal line and giving yourself enough distance, right? It's like, just imagine a bear chasing you and you just got to, you got to get out of the Rockies, right? So then you can kind of just relax. So yeah, absolutely.

Okay. So let's just get back to MES here and I'll just disconnect that other data feed. There we go.

Okay. So are there, there we go. So you just switched over to see how it stopped and then it switched over because I disconnected the data feed.

So yeah, but all right. Is there any other questions, anything else I can help you guys with? I'm good. All right.

Well, I think it was a really good session. You guys had brought some great questions and we tackled a lot. So yeah, you guys have yourself a fantastic weekend.

And like I said, if there's anyone watching the video and you want to be part of the, like I, I posted in the community, I asked if there's anybody that wants to get together a once a month and our goal, I'm looking for people that have strategy ideas and or coding experience where we can talk about and brainstorm new strategies that we want to build. And we're going to try and build them and, and put things together. So if you're one of those people that wants to geek out on this stuff, then, then come join me.

So let me know and I'll add you to the room. Okay. That was good.

Alrighty. Brandon, I'll, okay. Awesome.

You guys take care and have a great weekend. You too. As well.

Thank you. Bye.