2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 1 of 116
2026 & Beyond -- Published October 10th 2025 by Tia Belle & Team
Tia Belle
Annual Report - 2026 & Beyond
10 Oct 2025
Readings by Tia Belle conducted throughout
September 2025 and into early October of 2025
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 2 of 116
Caleb and Brown is a preferred exchange. Use this link to
get started: https://calebandbrown.com/
Uptrade exchange (Uptrade.au) is our only other preferred
exchange. For our friends who can’t use Caleb and Brown,
try Uptrade.au. Use this link to get started:
https://onboarding.uptrade.au/authenticate/?ref=TIABELLE
Need Tech or Security Support? The only place we go for scheduled tech help
is PappyDeez, but please DO NOT REACH OUT TO PappyDeez for “Patreon”
issues or support!
Visit pappydeezinvestments.simplybook.me/v2 to book your appointment.
Here’s the PappyDeez email contact to see if an appointment is
needed: pappydeezinvestments@protonmail.com
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 3 of 116
If you’re new to cryptos and/or want to see all of the amazing PappyDeez e-books
and tutorials which cover security, wallets and so much more, they’re all on this patreon
site under the “published posts.” You can also do a quick search on our Patreon site
under "security" or "PappyDeez."
“2026 & Beyond”
Annual Report Starts Here
Here We Go!
To kick off this year’s annual report, I want to provide you with an overview.
All I want you to do is take your time and read the next several pages and not worry
about anything. You won’t need to take notes, just relax and see what speaks to you.
It’s okay to be excited; there’s some big news in this year’s annual report. So much
good is coming your way -- I’m talking really, really good.
Any initial questions you might have should be covered by the time you get to the end of
the report. Again, you don’t need to stop and take notes or send in a question. Just
keep reading! “Just keep reading. Just keep reading. Just keep reading.”
Please always remember, predictions are what's most probable, but we must
understand the world and markets evolve. Sometimes what’s “most probable” does not
play out. Our job is to adapt and not get stuck in the dogma of “predictions.”
Any who have followed my work for the past years will appreciate what I predict as
“most probable,” often plays out. However, there are plenty of examples when that isn’t
the case. I believe, when we spread our bets across many of my “most probable”
outcomes, we can gain an edge. There are no guarantees.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 4 of 116
I would never “bet the farm” on any one prediction just because I feel it’s the most
probable outcome. Here’s a quick example: Of all the coins I looked at for “potential”
price targets in the longer term (the “7 year range”), Bittensor Tao (TAO) was one of the
most extraordinary, as it was over 150 X higher than today’s price of around $300 (on
25 Sep 2025). You’ll see my exact prediction for the “potential” price target later in the
report. The obvious challenge is there’s a lot of time for things to happen with TAO over
the next 7 years and this “price target” can and probably will change -- all I can see now
is if things go well for TAO, they have staggering growth potential over the next several
years. That being said, if I were to bet on only one coin as it relates to my “7 year
potential price target,” it would be Bitcoin. Later in the report you’ll see my price-target
prediction for Bitcoin by 2032! While Bitcion has smaller “potential multiples” in it than
TAO, IT’S NOT AS RISKY. Fair warning, I would never bet on only one or two coins. I
diversify because anything can happen.
It’s probably best if you don’t make any changes to your strategy for at least 24
hours after reading this. Give yourself time to do your own research. Fair
warning.
Please don’t lose sight of just how lucky and blessed you are to be in crypto right now
(Sep/Oct 2025). You’re so far ahead of the crowd and no matter your current situation
or how far “in the hole” you perceive yourself to be, if you’re holding a few quality “coins”
right now, you can create life changing wealth. I hope you understand the leaps you
can take within the next 7 years -- from what I’m seeing, they’re staggering.
Never financial advice, just information for you to think about on your crypto and life
journey.
The Overview
The Next Several Months!
Right now as I write this in September of 2025, my consistent predictions stand --
Bitcoin, one of my commonly referred to “old-man coins,” and some other “old-man
coins” will shine again and Bitcoin will make a new all time high during October.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 5 of 116
October’ish will likely be the last time Bitcoin gets the lion’s share of the spotlight this
year. That doesn’t mean it won’t still go up, just that people become more focused on
altcoins.
You know my long standing Bitcoin price prediction, today it’s around $111,000 and it
will go up, but it’s close to done. While Bitcoin can still climb, altcoins will soon outpace
it.
In November, we will see my long awaited “altcoins will shine in November” prediction
START to play out.
A major crescendo and plateau will come AROUND January (plus or minus some--I
cannot precisely time things, nobody can, period). So maybe the platuea comes in
December or February, I’m just giving approximate time frames.
After that crescendo in the January time frame, we get a bounce and last chance for
some altcoins to catch the light. That’s it, this cycle is over. What month will that be? It
isn’t too far into 2026, winter time, but we have to give the plateau time to correct and
then consolidate and then run up after. So a month or two months or more feels
appropriate, but we will have to let it play out.
Bottom line, the market in the next months is going to move like lightning, not
what we've been used to. You just have to wait for it. What if that doesn’t happen
until a little bit into 2026? Would you give up? Remember, timing can speed up
or slow down, but “your time” is coming!
That’s the shortest overview of the next several months we can do and it’s fully
consistent with what we’ve been publishing over the past couple of months. I’ll go into
all of the details I can during this report. You can relax, soon enough you’ll enter the
“Cash day” zone.
The “Cycles” Have Changed!!!
Let’s jump right in and start talking about “cycles.”
I don’t think I can overstate the importance of understanding that the “traditional crypto
cycle” has changed. People can point to “previous” fractals or time frames of other
cycles and say “see it’s the same,” but it isn’t and everyone who’s half awake feels and
knows it’s different. Don’t let anyone “gaslight” you.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 6 of 116
In 2024 I predicted the most important word for crypto in 2025 would be “change.”
Crypto has seen more “change” in 2025 than in any other year, by far. Heck, the cycle
itself changed, and the team tells me they don’t know of anyone who had that on their
bingo card. “Change” was and still is the defining word for crypto in 2025 and 2025 isn’t
even over yet! More change is coming!
Many times over the past couple of years, we’ve shared a consistent message. The
message has never wavered, and it’s always something akin to, “The cycles are
changing. You need to let go of your traditional models; it’s changing. Those who think
they can just follow the previous cycles and patterns will find themselves bewildered as
that no longer works the same way. You have to let go of the old rigid way of thinking
and modeling. It’s a little different moving forward.”
In short, all I’m saying is “your standard cycle based on the Bitcoin “Halving” is no
longer the model to follow.” However, there are still premium times to buy and sell to
maximize your gains over the next years.
Regardless of “cycle change” and the “time” it takes to move through the stages, there
are still 4 main stages to leverage:
 Stage One is to be primarily in US Dollars
 Stage Two is primarily Bitcoin
 Stage Three is primarily undervalued large caps
 Stage Four is primarily Altcoins
 Then back to Stage One and Repeat
Today, in Sep 2025, we are in Stage 3 and on the cusp of Stage 4.
On Aug 13th Bitcoin reached about $124,000. When that happened in mid August,
Bitcoin was within just 5% of my “cycle range high price target“ which I had given way
back in 2023 or 2024! That should tell you how far along we are for this year.
Remember, my long standing price target has been “Bitcoin to $130K to $140K in
2025.” I probably made that prediction when Bitcoin was around $20,000! The fact that
we got so close to my target should have your full attention.
While I feel Bitcoin has more “higher highs” left in it, we aren’t talking about lifechanging
gains this year. Sure, in 7 years, yes, big big gains. Not in the next year
though.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 7 of 116
It’s a game of risk!
Those who only play in US Dollars and Bitcoin take on the least amount of risk. Those
who play in US Dollars, Bitcoin, and Large Caps take on slightly more risk. Finally,
those who play in altcoins outside of the large caps take on the most risk.
From today on, if your goal is to achieve a nice 20 X over the next seven years, all you
have to do is play in Stage One and Two.
If your goal is to achieve 100 X from today (Sep 2025), you’ll need to incorporate Stage
3 and 4, but you must fully appreciate and accept the elevated risk.
We’ll talk more about “strategy” as we go through this year’s “Annual Report,” I just
wanted to introduce some basic concepts for any new friends before getting too far into
the details and messages they (spirit) have for you.
At this point of the “cycle,” the key is to understand we’re CURRENTLY in Stage 3 to 4
and the most important UPCOMING step is to be ready to get into US Dollars as your
reasonable sell targets hit. After that, let the dust settle for a minute.
Once you’ve locked in some profit, the next vital step will be to start all over again by
getting out of US Dollars and into Bitcoin for the next stage, “Stage Two.” You will have
time so it isn’t a mad dash. You will want to take a strategic pause.
Let’s just talk in plain English for a minute. To maximize gains over the next 7 years
you must get profit out at some point within the next several months so you can be
sitting in US Dollars when Bitcoin and the overall crypto market eventually rolls over and
finally reaches “oversold” status. When we get back into Bitcoin in “the bear” market in
2026, we’ll get a chance to sit back and evaluate which quality altcoin projects (outside
of Bitcoin) are most suitable for consideration.
My main point right now is, yes, there are still expansion and contraction zones, but the
“standard” cycles based on the bitcoin halving and “cycles” of equal duration no longer
exist.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 8 of 116
Here’s the distilled overview for what
I see coming…
I’ll talk a lot more about these points as we move deeper into the report.
The general trend is up over the next 7 years, big swings up and down, yes, but
trending up for about 7 years. There will be long periods of time when you don’t think it
will play out this way, but within 7 years Bitcoin and some altcoins will be in the
stratosphere.
We could drop all talk of “cycles” and just keep rotating through the “Stages” and I’d bet
most people would do better. In fact, someone could just sit in Bitcoin and do nothing
for the next 7 years and come out smelling like a rose. Do I feel that’s the best way to
maximize gains, NO, but it gives you an idea of where this is heading.
Near Term?
Near term, this year (in the 4th Quarter of 2025), we will go higher, much higher and
then a plateau or peak comes in around January plus or minus a month or so. Don’t
just think to yourself, “Oh, I can just sit back until January.” That might not work.
Instead, I would think in terms of the following four questions:
1. Have we been running hot and are people feeling confident.
2. Have we gotten close to the $130K to $140K range?
3. Have we seen the $5T to $5.9T “marker” we’ve been talking about for years as
something that’s important to at least pay attention to when it arrives? I have never
said that the $5Ts has to be the high for the cycle, but that “it’s important for some
reason.” Please do not forget that every time I get total market cap numbers to look
for, they (spirit) always show me “5” and “15” are important -- I feel $15T is too high
for “this cycle” and therefore I’m assuming that will come later.
4. Has the MVRV-Z score hit the higher range (above 7)? I feel it may go as high as
9.8, but I would not bank on that.
When you start answering “yes” to any of the above 4 questions, pay attention.
Said another way, I see crypto running in the 4th Quarter of 2025 and reaching a plateau
or peak as we go into 2026 (plus or minus some time on either side). After the
plateau/peak, we will correct and then have a bounce. The bounce will likely be what
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 9 of 116
you guys call a “retrace” and that means not everything goes as high as it was prior to
the platuea/peak. I feel that is the most probable outcome right now, but there is a
potential “anomaly” in play. They (spirit) showed me “A gift can be given” which
provides another shot of adrenaline to the market. Please go to the “Anomaly” section
of this report for more information about this. Fair warning. Again, “timing” is often
wrong and “anomalies” are always a potential outcome. I simply share messages and
what I feel is “most probable.”
Notes:
 Anytime you hear me say “fair warning” it’s for a reason and it’s my way to make
sure you stop and think about what I’m saying.
 When I say “likely”, I mean most probable, but there is always another potential
scenario in play.
After the bounce, whenever that may be and however large or small that may be, we
want to be in US Dollars (back to “Stage One.”) After the Plateau/Peak and Bounce,
make no mistake, the market is not just straight down, it will make you second guess
your plan as it’s still up and down, but it will be in a corrective down trending period
as we eventually work our way down into the $70,000s for Bitcoin. I do not feel
Bitcoin will sit in it’s lowest range for long!
Once Bitcoin starts approaching the $70,000s, we need to begin our shift to “Stage
Two” and start to dollar cost average (DCA) into Bitcoin. After we’ve filled up our Bitcoin
bags, that’s when we can start to prepare for the next stage, “Stage Three.”
NEXT “Cycle” is likely SHORTER.
The formula is simple, “Trump =
Animal Spirits, add the Fed.”
Some will say “this cycle is longer,” but I feel it’s easier to understand and share that the
next “cycle” is SHORTER than most will anticipate based on the old “4-year bitcoin
halving cycle” ideas. Again, framing things in terms of “Stages” might help us cut
through some of the “typical cycle” noise you’re continually bombarded with.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 10 of 116
Again, forget about the old “cycles” which everyone talks about. I have said this for
years and I am saying it as loudly as I can once again, the “cycles” are no longer
the same. The cycles are now more dynamic. They can slow down and speed up,
that’s a real thing.
While it’s debatable, I’ll just say what I feel about the current cycle. I feel the current
cycle, at one point, had a decent shot of finishing a little early, by maybe a quarter, but it
got delayed, primarily by the Fed. Yes, a combination of all global central banks is
relevant, but the US Central Bank (the Fed) is the most important.
I’m frequently asked “isn’t it global M2” or “the business cycle” or “animal spirits” that
signal where we are in a “market cycle?” I feel it mostly comes down to how much
money is sloshing around and how people feel a.k.a animal spirits.
People feel good with Trump in office (generally speaking, positive economic prospects),
but the Fed is purposely keeping the interest rate RESTRICTIVE so the Dems have a
chance during the “US mid-term election period.” People can chop this up and debate
over it all they want, but it MATTERS.
When Trump gets the Fed onboard, it’s important. You can see Trump is the more
powerful factor right now and markets are going up, but the Fed has been “too slow” so
in the not too distant future we will pay the price. Think of it in terms of “tailwinds”
versus “headwinds.”
In time, Trump will get his new Fed Chair and be able to turn things around once again.
Just factor in the lag… it can take a minute for things to turn around after a bump in the
road. It’s kind of that simple. On a much smaller scale, you can compare it with
Gensler at the SEC. He couldn’t stop crypto, but he slowed it because he was “told” to
do so.
Had the Fed continued the “cutting” cycle they started when Biden was in, I feel we
would have finished “this cycle” earlier than most expected.
Everyone in our group knows we got all of the messages, many months ago, about
“being stalled out, the perpetual motion had stopped, the second hand on the watch has
stopped” and a “delay.” They (spirit) showed us the “watch had stopped on the 15”
marker (a quarter around the watch face) and gave us the consistent messages
(paraphrasing) about “Powell’s political alignment would be blatant and he would
become progressively more petty.” I felt then and still feel that our “cycle” delay relates
primarily to the Fed. On top of the message about the initial delay caused by the Fed,
we got another message that things would be further delayed (not for long though) due
to the assassination of Charlie Kirk.
I feel the only way to maximize the highs and lows in crypto is to take “time” out of the
equation and instead set reasonable sell targets followed by reasonable “buy back in”
targets. For example. My reasonable price target for Bitcoin in the next months is
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 11 of 116
$130K to $140K. Could it reach up and touch $150K? Sure. Is there a small chance
we can get “a gift” and Bitcoin touches $184K in 2026, maybe, but I feel that is not the
most likely outcome. Regardless, nothing I have recently seen has compelled me to
make any substantial changes to my sell targets or strategy. I’m all about setting
“reasonable” price targets. Targets where I feel I will have time to “take profit.”
Once I’ve sold, I will just sit tight and wait for Bitcoin to reach into the $70,000s. When
Bitcoin is in the $80,000s I will be interested. When Bitcoin breaks through $79,000, I
will become very very interested.
We’ll go much more into detail, the numbers, and “the path” forward as we
progress through this report. You’ll find many new predictions which will drive
my longer range strategy.
I’ll cover things multiple times and do it from multiple angles to make sure we
“triangulate in on” the most probable outcomes. The team’s approach for this Annual
Report was to interview me over the course of many days spanning several
weeks and to ask questions (some times the same question) multiple times in
different ways to really lock in the cornerstone messages. I have asked them to
share every answer so you may pick up on any nuance. It may feel a bit repetitive
at times, but that’s a very small price to pay to assure nothing gets left out.
I just wanted to give you the “broad brushstrokes” right out of the gate, so you can relax,
take your time, and really dig in as you continue to read.
I have a ton of messages for you! Our goal is to always simplify without over simplifying.
This can be really fun and empowering when you let go of everything and just let the
messages speak to you.
Are you ready to dig in?
----------- End of “Opening Overview” --------------
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 12 of 116
The first “Major Message!” Bitcoin to
2 million dollars by 2032!
Bitcoin price range within 7 years? They're (spirit) giving me a two. They're talking
about 2 million dollars per Bitcoin. They're giving me a two and they just said,
"Adamant” about “two." You’re likely going to hear everything from $500K to $5M in the
coming months and years. It’s $2M within 7 years.
I feel this is a cornerstone message for us. It’s important. This is important and this is
something I will bet on. Will you?
We’re getting this message early in our Annual Report process and that will allow us to
build out our sequence of events and 7 year plan!
I want to share another message I got about Bitcoin. You’ll see it later when we’re
doing the “coin reviews,” but I feel it’s important to hear it right now. Check this out:
“Bitcoin. Keep our long standing target. You're going to wake up in the morning
coming up soon in the next month, and it’s just going to be one day that it's just
going to accelerate crazy and you're going to be like, "Holy shit, today's the day, I
just got my coffee. What the heck am I seeing right now? Bitcoin went nuts." It's
going to have just this massive growth spurt, and it's going to be a day, and then
it's going to drop down again, but it's just everybody's got to watch the craziness
that's coming up with the numbers, or I want to put it this way, they (spirit) said,
"You're going to watch things that you can't explain. It's just going to be like one
day, you get up with a cup of coffee and look and you are shocked. Like how the
“f” is Bitcoin at this level?" That day is almost here, and it's all indicative of
understanding that you're being shown where things will go in the future. Here’s
the other part of the message. Don't become a crybaby about it when it drops
after.
You're going to get that day and that's what they're (spirit) telling me and then it
goes down, but they (spirit) said to make sure you understand it. Don't get like a
crybaby, oh, it went up all the way today and then it plummeted back to normalcy
because that's where it's going to go. So they (spirit) are showing you.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 13 of 116
More “multi-year” price predictions
(before 2032) for the “Top 6” biggest
coins (by market cap) that I track
closely.
BTC: $2M. Roughly 20 X from Sep 2025. Lowest risk as of today.
ETH: $110K. Roughly 22 X from Sep 2025.
XRP: We need to look into a “coin change,” I’ll talk more about this later in the report.
SOL: $8,000. Roughly 38 X from Sep 2025.
ADA: $35 potential. Roughly 43 X from Sep 2025. Higher risk than BTC and ETH as
of today and we need to revisit.
LINK: $1,300. Roughly 61 X from Sep 2025. Coin modification needed to get there.
Not in the Top 6 by “biggest market cap,” but high on my list for long term potential
winners are:
TAO
SUI
GUNZ
You’ll see my potential price targets for them later in the report.
Note: The further out in time we go, the more precarious a prediction may get. I feel
my “Bitcoin to $2M within 7 years” is as solid as I’ve made. My altcoin price predictions
within 7 years for the other top 6 are more fluid to some regard..fair warning, I wouldn’t
bet the farm on any one coin, especially an “altcoin.”
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 14 of 116
It’s game time and you have “arrows
in your quiver!”
Sometimes I get long range messages which will take years to play out. Sometimes I
get messages which are more in the “now.”
The message I received a couple months ago about “CASH DAY IS COMING” is more
in “the now” and that means near term. Near term can be weeks or months, but not
years.
When we get messages, the majority play out, but you need to know sometimes “free
will” or even evil can work to derail and delay outcomes. Evil can not stop what is
meant to be, but evil often tries to test your faith and conviction. Messages are about
what’s most probable, but there are always multiple potential outcomes. That being
said, the empirical evidence proves the majority of my predictions play out.
Use every delay to strengthen your resolve and build your position. Evil doesn’t want
millions of independently minded good people to thrive, do kind things, multiply love,
and spread light for good.
Evil doesn’t want you spreading light and creating long-lasting ripple effects. No matter
what, don’t go negative. Negative is a step towards darkness. Nearly everything is a
matter of perspective. Be strong and be positive. When you go negative or get
impatient, you’re just playing into the wrong side. Strap on your armor and let God be
your guide, anchor, and protector.
Never tire, never give up, never give in and use delays or perceived setbacks to fortify,
build, and multiply. Faith, kindness, love, patience, intent, and light are the arrows
in your quiver.
This is the time frame we've all been waiting for. I hope people really see that this is
exactly what we were waiting for because for this tight-knit group, since I started with
you, this has been two, three years in the making.
So many people “rang out” on crypto or have given up. So many people made fun of
crypto and still do. People have to realize that crypto, it's just not the conversation for
everyone because there are so many people who have been poisoned, and I have said
to some of the “know-it-alls”, "You think it’s nothing, that's okay, we'll all wave to you
from the ship."
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 15 of 116
That being said, it's generally more gracious and graceful not to debate or to say “I told
you so.” It's graceful to give people the information, let them do their own thing and not
bring things up when you’re proven right.
People are on their own journey. One of the most gracious things you can do for
someone is to allow them to save face. It's a very graceful thing to stay above the
drama. I sometimes struggle with this.
Why am I talking about this? Because many of you reading this will end up with great
rewards over the next months and it’ll be better for you to keep it to yourself. No “I told
you so” nonsense. That’s a sign of immaturity and a weak ego. That type of weakness
only attracts weak people. Remember, like attracts like. Strength attracts strength.
Not to mention, you don’t want people knowing how much you have -- it’s a security
thing and you don’t want to attract the wrong people
“Buttons?” When the button is
pushed… “… a gift is given to you.”
When “the button is pushed,” we explode and get big runs.
This is going to be manipulated up again, and not just once. Don’t get all crazy with this.
This is not some “flip the switch” type of prediction I frequently get asked about. This is
about Trump pushing buttons.
Trump has a few “crypto buttons” lined up and they are all connected to him as he is the
main driver of crypto policy and pushing crypto in the US and globally. He is now the
most important crypto catalyst, period. People who don’t realize that can’t see the
forest for the trees.
The buttons he will push are important to crypto, but only when the conditions are right
and he knows this. He had planned to push a button around the time of Charlie Kirk’s
assassination, but decided to hold off a bit. The button will be pushed soon enough.
Yeah, I'm definitely leaning end of October into November as another key time frame
because that is what they're (spirit) showing me, because they’re showing me the
leaves changing colors on the trees. No, I’m not saying you have to wait until then for
things to move up. All I’m sharing is that's where, and this obviously rules within where I
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 16 of 116
am talking about a button being pushed, so that's where we're falling in sync. Another
“button pushed” in that time frame. That's where a big surge comes in.
Don’t get wild with “timing,” it’ll happen whenever it happens. My point is, there’s a
surge, that's the part where there’s a button pushed for that additional surge to happen.
The surge in that time frame relates to that next button. Whether that’s the Spot ETFs
or the Market Structure Act ? Or some other button he has, I don’t know, but I see
buttons that will be pushed -- there are even other buttons you’ve forgotten about or
aren’t thinking about. Okay, that was a mouthful, but this is how I get messages.
They're holding off on that (pushing the button for crypto) right now because
Trump has something up his sleeve that he needs to resolve first before he wants
to hit that button (you can speculate what it may be), because this is all Trump doing
this. This is all part of the bigger plan.
Number Changes! Target Changes!
In just the next few years, not sure we want to say “next cycle” because that frames
things with very hard lines, but in just the next few years your numbers are going to go
much higher than many anticipate. Of key importance, this can happen in ways that
defy your old 4-year cycle models.
Some of the targets and numbers we had for “this cycle” are going to reset for higher.
They're going to exceed from where we are forecasting now.
Our numbers that we give in our reports are giving you a nice practicality where you
may see growth in just the coming months or as many like to say “this cycle.” Later on
though, during the course of when there's a gift that's given, when it is put out
into the universe and someone is giving you a gift, you are going to see numbers
that are going to exceed, double and more, where we have given you the
practicality of this cycle. This does not change my sell targets for the next
months, period.
For this cycle, no not all of my “targets” will hit, but some will be exceeded. Let that sink
in. Some of my sell targets will not hit. That being said, you won’t be ruined because in
the not too distant future (likely next cycle), some targets we’ve given will go double and
even more. At that point, in the next “cycle” many of you can have more of that “fat cat”
status. This is what's going to be the dynamic of the future and that will change
projections. So we need to get through the next few months and then start to work on
finding a solid foundation in 2026 to build on and then start our process all over
again.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 17 of 116
Here’s an analogy they (spirit) want me to share. If you go up to a roulette table or you
go up to a craps table or you're going to play cards, when you go up to the table and
your dealer first comes in, anybody who knows anything about life, if you have any
sense and you're astute, you will know the difference between what is considered a hot
table and a cold table. We will get some cold table time in 2026 and you have to wait
until the energy rises again for the people who are playing and the man in the pit. Once
that level reaches a high enough energy, the table is no longer cold and we begin to run
again. And that’s where we’re heading. On a smaller scale and where we are in
September of 2025 as we’re writing this, you are at a cooler table right now, it will heat
up soon and may already have by the time you’re reading this, but what I am warning
about is the table will go cool again.
Near term, you're going to see warmth coming up, but, and remember this, then the
table will go cool again until we build the energy back up. That is the analogy of what
they (spirit) are giving me right now.
The theme for crypto in 2026?
“Foundation” is the word for 2026!
For 2026, the theme will be “Foundation.” Foundation, in the respect of building a solid
base that was never set before. To build this foundation, we will need to pull back and
consolidate at some point.
It's (crypto) going to become its’ own separate currency. It is going to create its own
currency. They would never let it do that before Trump came in. This (crypto) was
previously seen as a threat in every aspect, and they felt that there could only be the US
Dollar. They thought with crypto there was no control over it and that’s the reason why
the whole SEC and all of the other crushing went down. It was because the United
States is the United States and at one point could do anything that they wanted to do
with currency. Not anymore. So this was seen as a major threat if it went worldwide
because then there wasn't domination.
So now, because this is going to go worldwide, they lost control, but Trump wants that.
Trump wants that. So we're going to see the formation change and we're going to see
the foundation set.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 18 of 116
“There will be a plateau for crypto. A
plateau AROUND January.”
For the past many months I’ve talked about how I felt the “Old man” coins, which
include things like the Top 10 coins, you know, BTC, ETH, XRP, BNB, SOL, DOGE,
ADA, LINK etc would be emphasized on the next nice move up. Of course it’s always
Bitcoin first and then large carps. Not long after though, some of the altcoins we like will
be emphasized somewhere more in the November TIMEFRAME (plus or minus some).
But taking any talk of “peaks” or “timing” out of it, the sequence of events is “old man”
coins (and of course some others) and then more focus on some other altcoins after.
Knowing that, when would you anticipate “altcoin season” really kicking off? Probably
not until AROUND November (plus or minus). If that “timing” prediction continues to
hold up and comes into play, then a “plateau” or peak around January may resonate
with some of you.
We don’t need to make a list of the dozens of quotes we published over the past
months talking about “Bitcoin and then other old man coins get emphasis first” and “the
newer smaller altcoins run more around November.” And recently me seeing a “plateau
AROUND January.” There are many examples where we said that and published about
those three major points. Especially the first two.
When you just break it down to the most basic equation, other than the timing, we’re
perfectly on track. And it isn’t like everyone or all of the “experts” were in agreement
with us about this cycle still being t’d up for a great run and lots of alts being primed for
5 X, 10 X, 20 X, 30 X and some with even higher returns still to come.
Many of the experts, from what you guys have told me, were saying the “cycle is
already over” and “it’s a “Bitcoin only” cycle and there won’t be an altcoin season this
cycle.”
Other than timing, we have been right and I feel we will be right. There’s more gas in
the tank! I feel it. Do you feel it?
Sometime this summer I shared I felt we would see a plateau for crypto around January
of 2025 (emphasis on “around” because I’m sometimes off with my timing).
Here are a few things we should keep in mind. With the US government shutdown,
we’ve had more delays with Altcoin Spot ETFs and the Market Structure Bill/Clarity Act.
Those delays may play into the aligning “coincidence” of the Supreme Court potentially
ruling on whether Trump has the power to tariff or if the emergency tariffs will have to be
reversed and paid back with interest. Just keep that in the back of your mind as we
move towards January. I’ll talk more about all of this later in the report.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 19 of 116
Back to my prediction of a “plateau” showing up around January. What do I mean by
plateau? Everyone knows what a plateau is. When you’ve climbed and then hit a peak
or stall out for a period. Yes, of course that’s followed by a correction.
So, sometime around January is important (plus or minus a month or so). And then the
numbers start changing quickly.
Just hold your questions for now about what happens after the January time frame. By
the time you’re done with this report you will have everything I can give you about that.
As always, you’ll have to do some thinking on your own. I am not an all seeing oracle,
you know this. I cannot answer all of your questions and you are not to have all of the
answers. You have to put work in on your own.
Things are taking a little longer to play out than I felt they would. To be fair, many
months ago I shared we were stalled out for a period. So I warned ahead of time and I
warned about the Fed, Powell, but I still felt we would be a little further along by now. It
doesn’t matter though because nobody will time this market perfectly and we’re going
higher. Going higher is all that matters right now. The sooner we come to terms with
letting “timing” go, the less stressful and more successful we become.
I'm done with the “peak two” and “peak three” talk from this point on ... Listen, we're not
doing that next year. If you want to know, my feeling is we are still working on “Peak 2.”
Many of you guys remember, since last October and even earlier, I have emphasized
that “the cycles are changing.” I hope you guys can read the Oct 2024 Report, the 36th
Report. It’s right before Trump won the election and we talked about everything that
would happen following that. We talked about how they (spirit) showed me the
“stepping on the gas pedal” for the crypto market at election time. Like someone
stepping on the gas pedal of a car. We predicted that 2 years in advance and it played
out. The way it played out was exactly the way it was shown to us. I encourage
everyone to read that report if you can get a spare moment.
While I’m not even close to perfect with all of my predictions, anyone paying attention
will acknowledge my predictions are pretty accurate, but the timing is sometimes off. It
is what it is. Take “timing” out of the equation and you will crush it in crypto. That’s how
I have felt for close to three years and that’s how I feel today.
The successful and savvy just don’t concern themselves with short term timing. Only
the novice and inexperienced focus the majority of their energy on short-term timing and
“when moon” stuff.
I’m not saying we can’t have fun trying to predict timing, but short term timing needs to
be removed from ones grand strategy if optimal results are the goal. What if Peak 2
doesn’t come in until the end of 2025 or beginning of 2026? Would that put you into a
tail spin? If it would, you’re doing it wrong. Bottom line, crypto is going up over the next
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 20 of 116
7 years. So, there are many peaks left in our future. Forget about trying to time every
one of them. I will share some key areas of interest later in this report for you to
consider!
Let’s “hash out” the 3 peaks one more time and then there will be no more “beating a
dead horse.” I saw you would have three key peaks or time frames left in this “cycle”
following the election. Whether we’re on peak two or three, doesn’t matter at this point, I
promise. Let it go. All you need is sell targets set.
Moving forward, we won’t focus on “peaks” or “cycles.” We won’t do that because some
people, no matter how many times we talk about it, think they can time multiple buys
and sells each year and it just never seems to work out for them. I mean, of course, do
things any way you want. All I’m saying is that for most people it creates challenges.
Some people get like, "Is peak one over? Are we in peak two or three?" The main
reason why we talked about “3 peaks incoming” was because it was a message about
how we would progress from election time. My hope is that it helped some know there
was plenty of time left in the “cycle” and not to get “talked out” of the market.
So many people gave up or got convinced that the cycle was over. We haven’t even
seen the fun stuff happen yet! The team tells me something like 50% to 80% of an
entire cycle’s gains come in the last 10% of the market cycle. Well, guess where
we are!
I shared, before Trump ever came in, that the cycles would not exist the way you’ve
become accustomed to and I know many people ignored that. Even if the amount of
time is similar, there are major differences. I bet you hear more and more people
talking about that now.
Let’s just focus on the present and where we’re heading in the near term. We go up
and then we plateau/peak in January’ish. I don't care if it's Nov or March, I don't care.
We have “targets” and sell prices set below those targets. We plateau or peak
whenever we plateau or peak.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 21 of 116
Major Bitcoin “Price Targets”
ONLY 5 “Key Areas of Interest” Remaining over
the next 7 years!
 SELL! 2025 Bitcoin Price Target: $130K to $140K (about 8 X from approx
$16.5K bottom). Right in my zone is $135K.
Total Market Cap of Crypto AROUND $5.1T to $5.9T is important, but
I don’t know if that is the top.
“Timing” Best sense right now is Q4 2025. Timing is always the
most likely variable to change!
 BUY! Bitcoin Price Target $75K +/- 10% -- about 40% to 50% drop from high
“Timing” Best sense right now is in last few months of 2026. Timing
is always the most likely variable to change!
 SELL! Bitcoin Price Target $455K +/- 10% (about 6 X from approx $75K
bottom).
Total Market Cap of Crypto can reach $15T to $20T
“Timing” Best sense right now is in 2028. I don’t know why, but we
are not to ignore price action in 2027. We will need to closely
monitor Bitcoin in 2027. Timing is the most likely variable to change!
Fair warning.
 BUY! Bitcoin Price Target Unknown, not given by them (spirit).
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 22 of 116
Because I didn’t get a target, I suspect there will be an unexpected twist
where things go much lower than most expect or just don’t drop as much
as most expect. This is an outlier period. “Timing” unknown right now.
 SELL! Bitcoin Price Target $2M +/- 10% (this can be either a sell or hold!).
Total Market Cap of Crypto can reach AROUND $80T (+ or - 10%’ish)
“Timing” Best sense right now is around 2032. Timing is the variable
most likely to change!
I only share messages they (spirit) explicitly give me so there are a few “blanks” we still
need to try and fill in over the years to come. As noted, “Timing is a key variable that’s
likely to change.”
On top of needing to fill in the blanks above, when you look at my “price targets”
they are not my actual “sell targets.” My strategic sell targets are very different than
just a general “price target.” I generally set my sell targets by selling 30% of my
holdings at 65% of a target. I generally sell the second 30% of my holdings at 75% of a
target. I generally sell the last 30% chunk of my holdings at 85% of a target. That
leaves me with 10% of my holdings for a “just in case bag,” as you say, in the event
things just keep running higher than I felt they would. THAT CAN HAPPEN and will
happen for some coins!
Here’s an example, this is just an example: If I had 10 Bitcoin to start with, I would sell
the first 3 when I reach 65% of my target. I would sell the second 3 when I’m 75% of
the way to my target. I would sell 3 more when I get 85% of the way to my target. In
this example, 9 out of my 10 coins would be sold by the time we’re only 85% of the way
to my target. I would hold the remaining 1 Bitcoin just in case things go crazy.
Anything can happen. This is just my strategy and I’m happy if it works and I’m okay if it
doesn’t. I do not care if I “sell early” and prices just keep going higher because I will be
happy and grateful for any gains. Remember, nobody times the top or bottom perfectly.
It’s about just putting together a strategy you have conviction in and YOU can live with.
Note: Timing is near impossible as it ebbs and flows. These time frames above are
what I feel are most probable right now. Nobody on earth can “time markets” and while
I have nailed timing on occasion, I have also frequently missed timing.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 23 of 116
Major Crypto “Revamp” Within 5
Years?
I want to share a short story very few have heard before. In 2022, before any of us met,
St. Anne visited me and showed me my future would involve “coins, many coins.” I had
an intense sense of well being and success related to this. Hey, when you know, you
know. About one month later, I met you guys and it became clear the “many coins”
were representative of the different “coins” in crypto. Since that visit and vision, we’ve
looked at about 400 different coins and we’ve done a great job sorting out the major
milestones of this “cycle.” Early on, years ago, we predicted the “election was the main
turning point” and “cycles” were changing to some degree. Also along the journey,
there have been a handful of coins we’ve identified as potential winners.
My core bets in the beginning were BTC, ETH, XRP and ADA. Now that we’re two and
half years into our journey together, in hindsight, it’s easy to see that our core bets were
very solid. It’s also clear we have some more moderate bets like LINK, SUI, PYTH, SOL,
TAO, ASI, ONDO and some others in the mid cap range. On top of the safer core bets
and more moderate mid cap bets, we’ve taken a few very high-risk lottery ticket type of
bets, like WELL, GUNZ and XPRT. I always felt it was important to hold several of the
main coin categories (L1, RWA, AI, Oracle, even gaming etc.) and to have a few large
caps, mid caps and a couple of crazy small bets just in case you catch one. Hey, that
was just my strategy.
I bring up that story as I have had many visions and visits since then, but most recently,
I have been shown how within 5 years the big projects will be revamped. That is
verbatim from them (spirit). I’m not sure exactly what that means, but it’s important.
Within 5 years many “coins” will need to be revamped and it’s important to the survival
of crypto. Might it have to do with Quantum computing? Might it have to do with the
restructuring of the global financial system? Maybe it has to do with a combination of
factors, I’m not sure, but I want to share with you that I see it will all work out and just
like when I got the “coins” vision, it will become abundantly clear to us in the years
ahead.
I bring this up today as it’s always very important when they (spirit) come to me when
I’m not actively looking behind the veil. When they come to me and give me a vision to
share, I pay attention. I don’t have all of the details with every message I receive. It’s
up to you whether or not you look into this “revamped” message.
There are so many other unsolicited messages I want to share, so let’s keep going.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 24 of 116
The 7-Year Plan!
Rough outline, timeline will ebb and flow!!!
 $$ out in 2025/2026
 BTC buy in 2026/2027
 Select Alts buy in 2027/2028
 $$ out 2028 (could be as early as 2027?)
 BTC buy after large correction. Price and Timing TBD. Done!
Virtually everything has “cycles,” but when it comes to crypto, the cycle has changed
and it is not what you were accustomed to prior to 2022. In short, the “cycle” is no
longer lining up with the Bitcoin Halving.
From all of the messages we have received while working on this report, this is my
loose plan for the upcoming years. EXPECT it to change at times, either speeding up
or slowing down and it’s important to know that you do not have to time things precisely.
You will not time things precisely and you will not catch absolute “tops” or “bottoms” --
you don’t need to!
They (spirit) are telling me to bring this up again. I'm hearing something (from spirit)
right now, so I need you to bare with me, I feel like most everyone here will know this,
but I need to say it. Because someone was changed in the SEC and the person that
was let go was completely run by the Democrats. The person that's in there now is
being run by the Republicans. That was what I heard from them (spirit). So now, and
this is what’s of importance, because of that, things that took forever and a day or things
that were grossly negligent and attacking crypto in what they did, in essence, that's no
more and that’s why things are moving fast now. Things aren't waiting like they used to.
With conversations that we had in the past about Ripple and SEC appeals, etc., that
took years to fight through. All of that's gone, that's what they're (spirit) telling me right
now, due to that one personnel change. Expect things to move quickly, relative to what
you’re accustomed to. That’s the key message. Things will move fast. It may not feel
fast to you, but anyone looking back on this time frame will be shocked with how quickly
things turned. And all of this leads us to just how fast things can come to a head for this
cycle.
This cycle should be over before we get much into the next year or not very far into the
next year and the plateau should come in around January and then followed by a
bounce. Those “boots and jeans and cooler weather” I saw for another surge, that feels
like the time frame we’re approaching. Then another up period for some projects when
the ground is frozen. Listen, I think certain things, it seems to be, for us, it's like
proximity. It seems really, really close. Fall began and summer ended on 22 Sep.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 25 of 116
Bottom line, we're really close in proximity to this cycle kicking into high gear and then
wrapping up not long after.
Big Big Changes Coming That Impact
Crypto!
Trump's actually doing things and changing things and it isn’t going to stop. There will
be some significantly bigger changes before he leaves office. It’s going to blow people
away.
What’s one of the biggest “economic” changes Trump will make? He's going to rework
the dollar, treasury, and the bond market will adjust. It will all be related to the way we
borrow money -- the changes are designed to compensate for our deficit and keep the
US Dollar at the top of the global currency list. Trump wants the dollar weaker and
inflation to run a little hot, but he doesn’t want to lose the semblance of “world reserve”
status. I’m bringing this up now because it impacts crypto!
I feel he'll say something like, "Hey, this is unsustainable. We’re the richest country in
the world. We’re the richest in assets, tech, innovation, freedom, BUT the way we’ve
been doing things is killing us. We're going to roll a bunch of our assets and reserves
together. Some of our national assets are part of it. Some of our gold reserves are part
of it, some of our business is part of it. Gold, not immediately, but related to this, will go
to the $6,000s.
There will be something “real” backing the dollar, to some degree. Not to a full extent,
but to some degree, I feel he's going to reorganize that. I think people need to realize
this will be legendary. You may have heard others say something like this was going to
happen 10 years ago. I said it wasn’t the time back then. We are getting closer to that
time. This is happening within a year or two max, that is the prediction I’m making today.
The way that Trump’s going to implement things, they're not going to be able to be
changed, which is the part that I find to be the most exciting, it's all money related.
That's his wheelhouse. His wheelhouse is money. That's his wheelhouse, and so
people are going to forever see that and we're lucky to be living in it because we were
ready to die as a country. People don't realize we were about dead.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 26 of 116
Which Layer-1 will be the Biggest in 5
to 7 years from now?
Ethereum?
Solana?
Sui?
I feel that SUI has got some real power to it and it’s the one that has the most significant
move up in the ranking of coins you listed above.
I don't see SUI overtaking Ethereum, but I do think it could go to number two. Given
time, it can overtake Solana. Yeah, Solana is great for now, but it feels to me a little like
the newbie (SUI) comes and catches up.
In five to seven years? There will be a new one that takes over, but you can’t play that
game right now.
Bittensor Tao (TAO), Long Term?
They (spirit) said, 50, $50,000 within about 7 years is possible.
I feel if they (TAO) continue to improve and evolve, in the long long term, it could even
double that ($100,000), but that’s so far off I don’t think it’s helpful to talk about it now.
No, we don’t need to do a deep dive. There's nothing telling me we need to say
anything more than the $50,000 is very possible. Everything else is noise. I definitely
see it has a high probability of hitting about $50,000. That’s what they (spirit) just told
me.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 27 of 116
SUI still around in 7 years? If so,
how high is possible?
Yes, still around longer term. And they (spirit) said 300. That’s pretty crazy, what’s that,
like 100 X higher than now? That seems crazy right now, but remember Bitcoin will be
around $2M and Ethererum will be around $110,000. Some of these numbers must
seem crazy to hear right now.
Chainlink still around in 5 to 7 years?
Yeah. Chainlink, yes, still viable in 5 to 7 years. That one, I definitely feel $1,300 is
possible down the road, I would say in that realm. They need to make a change in the
coin to help it go up. They’ll figure it out. Something where the LINK coin has to be
used. Can people pay for Chainlink services in dollars or in ways other than LINK right
now? I don’t know how this all works, but look into that because that’s slowing the LINK
price. They need to tweak this and they will.
XRP, Long Term?
I see Ripple is working on and will put something else in the mix and changes are
coming. I feel they're going to apply something of their very own to come in on top of
XRP. It’s something that would be almost bigger and better. I feel that's already starting.
Interviewer: You would never know this. Very few people know this, only
the XRP fans and avid crypto enthusiasts know this. One of the key guys
who created XRP, the chief information officer, he's the current tech guru
who created the code, his name is David Schwartz is stepping down.
Schwartz has been with Ripple since they created it, and he just
announced he's stepping down from that role and he'll be on the board.
This is, to me, of great concern. When the chief technology officer, the guy
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 28 of 116
who created it, steps away from a project, that’s a giant red flag to me.
However, what you just said, Ripple may have said, "Hey, buddy, time to
step up or step down." What do you see, Tia?
Well, you know what happens? We look at men and we look at men in that positioning
and we know they can become complacent and overly attached or proud. Like “look at
my coin and look at everything I've done” and that's his baby. But that also keeps him
trapped mentally because it doesn't allow him to want to let go of it and say we need to
improve and to implement change that may be for the better.
Interviewer: Cogent point, T. And so you think that XRP will be okay even
with him stepping out of that lead?
Oh yeah, but whoever is coming in, it's already started. They're doing a new coin.
XRP feels a little bit too old school… Like look, they could have pulled the plug on XRP
a long time ago when they had to go up against the SEC, but they didn't. They
persevered and they came out ahead. So, they went through all that. Their thought
process now is all about “What are we going to do to be the biggest and the best.”
Where is XRP now?
Interviewer: It's about $3 right now.
We’re getting $5 first, then our $8, $9. It can even hit $20 down the road, but maybe it
is a different coin?
Interviewer: How about in seven years, over $50?
They (spirit) just said it (XRP) in its’ current format, won't be around in 7 years or so.
Don’t get all crazy on me now. It may be they just changed the token or it’s replaced by
something new. All I’m sharing is XRP as it is now known will not be around in 7 years.
We have plenty of time to do well in it and I’m playing things “one step at a time”
anyway. Take a deep breath and relax. I really feel, I think there's a Stepford Wife
coming in for that coin. “A stepford wife” is just a way of saying something is a more
obedient and pliable version.
Remain calm. They're not done with XRP for some time, I mean, obviously after all they
went through, they want their just desserts for the run that's about to happen. And I think
they are all extremely happy with having Trump in office. I mean, look, and so yeah,
they're going to run that coin for now until it drops.
Interviewer: Perfect. So there are more runs in it, but we're not looking for
that $50 to $100 range seven years from now, because there's a chance it
it is no longer XRP. That's a really good important read, T. Thank you.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 29 of 116
Theta Network (THETA), long term?
Will Theta be around in seven years? I still feel that’s a coin toss. Sorry, I like it too, but
I don't feel Theta is doing so great now and it’s on the fence. Not saying it can’t turn
things around, but not feeling solid about it right now for the long long run. That being
said, it will have its’ time in the sun in the next months. I feel we’ll still hit our target.
I have some Theta, but like every other coin, I’m out after a good run and then I will take
my “strategic pause” and look to collect only Bitcoin once it hits my buy window. I plan
to sit in Bitcoin for a little bit before reviewing potential altcoin purchases. We have time.
Maybe Theta will be one of them or maybe it won’t, that’s all I’m saying.
Aster?
Aster has a number two next to it. Now I don't know why they're (spirit) showing me the
two.
Interviewer: Well I do, it's $2.12 right now. So, you're on the target.
So, I think that’s going to double, but you need to look at how far it has already come
and not get too caught up in it, that’s how I feel.
Interview: You can't see this, but right on my screen, I was going to ask
you, somewhere between eight and $20. Do you think it's more likely to
get to eight or more likely to get to $20? Or higher or lower?
We can first look for the move to around $4. Then I would say the eight is possible, but
don’t push this one too much. Make sure you realize you’re playing for maybe a 4 X in
something that has already done a 5 or 10 X or whatever. Do you understand what I’m
saying?
This is new and they just rolled it out to see what would happen. So a bunch of people
got it at probably 10 cents or whatever, so factor in when they’re selling. More room to
run? Yes, but always put the whole picture together in your mind and go in with “eyes
wide open.” Manipulation is at play, of course, that CZ guy you sometimes ask about,
I’ve told you about him for years. Good news is that he understands he is being
watched and will quickly be put into check again when he steps too far out of line. This
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 30 of 116
guy really pushes things. Let’s visit this again in another session for the annual report
and see if any more info comes out.
Aster or Hyperliquid?
You know I don’t play this “either or” game. You might say there’s more potential
upside in Aster because it’s a smaller marketcap, but I would probably stick with
Hyperliquid. I mean, we’ve been all over Hyperliquid, even before it came out. Sure,
there are some concerns with it, but for a play this cycle, we’ve done well with it. Just
make your money and get out. That’s how I feel.
Interviewer: Both are Futures trading with high leverage. CZ pumps Aster
+ they offer stocks. Hyperliquid more TVL, but everyone can see your
orders so it’s like playing poker where all your cards are face up.
Smoking Chicken Fish?
I think it's coming back for some hysterical reason.
Interviewer: I think you're right. Now, here's something funny and I didn't
want to give you this ahead of time, you'll never remember this, but this is
true and this is public. Many, many months ago, you know how you get
random messages and you say, "Look for something with a fish." You
literally said that, "Look for something with a fish."
Not long after saying “look for something with a fish,” you said look for
something with some religious connotation. This Smoking Chicken Fish is
actually called the Church of the Smoking Chicken Fish. So, it has the
church and it has the fish, and it is actually a legal church in Texas. Stupid,
but just letting you know.
How you guys remember this and track this, you are so smart.
Interviewer: It isn’t me. It’s your group. So anyways, I didn't want to give
you that ahead of time and “lead the witness,” but you're saying it may not
be dead. Now here's the real question. At one point this thing was at 12
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 31 of 116
cents, which is like 40 times higher than it is right now. Do you think it can
ever go that high again or that’s too much of a stretch?
That’s a stretch, but it can have a big run and then it will dump. Maybe a 30 X is
possible up to maybe .09. I don’t know, but it’s hysterical and I think it will wake up.
“Potential” Shopping List for NEXT
“CYCLE!”
Below I’ve listed some potential “low hanging fruit” for the next year or two
after things have topped and then gone down. These are just 18 coins
from the “Top 100” on CMC (coinmarketcap.com) to consider keeping an
eye on during a “bear market.”
BTC
ETH
XRP
SOL
ADA
LINK
SUI
HBAR
WLF
NEAR
APT
TAO
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 32 of 116
ONDO
RENDER
SEI
FET
INJ
PYTH
When we finally enter a bear market, these are just a few we may want to closely
monitor for any panic selling zones -- we will want to check on them to make sure a
recovery is in their future.
Bottom line, we’ll look for any “out-sized” pullbacks. Like in 2022 when SOL tanked or
in 2024 when everyone gave up on XRP. It’s important to understand that I see many
many new coins will come out over the next couple of years and sorting through to see
where the gold is will need to be a big part of a robust crypto strategy.
You’re telling me that I can only pick
3 tokens and I have to get a 50 X or
more in 5 years and I can’t get in and
out of a coin.
Questions like this can be dangerous, but since it’s the annual report and we’re all
friends here, let’s do it.
I would go for coins I see with very high potential for longevity past just this “cycle” and
that are a little further out on the risk curve. So maybe two moderate risk with one or
two high-risk potential big winner.
Yeah, I would go with, SUI, TAO and GUNZ. Let’s see how that turns out for us in a few
years. I’m betting better than most think right now!
That’s my answer, the three pack would be:
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 33 of 116
SUI
TAO
GUNZ
And if you want to add a fourth kind of cool pick in there that I feel has more than “one
cycle” in it, this will surprise you, but GRASS would be the fourth pick that has a very
good shot of surprising people.
GRASS
So you have a new Layer-1 in SUI that can potentially pass Solana in the future. You
have TAO as a mid cap AI bet with massive long term potential. You have GRASS
which is a tiny AI project nobody seems to know about, but it has great longevity
potential. Finally, you have a gaming bet with long-term potential and it’s like a
microcap or whatever you guys call it.
I would love to see how this looks in 3 to 5 years. Really!
Did you know that over the past few years we’ve looked at about 400 coins? With that
in mind, if I was building a portfolio from scratch today, SUI, TAO, GRASS and GUNZ
would be in it, period. Yeah, it’s a moderate to high risk portfolio, but hey, you asked
and they came right to me. You can even call this my “preferred portfolio” as of today.
Listen, I’m sticking with my regular strategy, but this would be my “four coin long-term
portfolio” if I couldn’t play the “stages” I talked about earlier in the report.
Oh, and tell people they better have a little DOGE because something is up with that
and it can crest over $2 in the coming months.
Please PAY ATTENTION! 4 KEY
Anomalies We Need To Talk About…
As we’ve been working on this Annual Report for over a month (Sep and Oct), there are
four major anomalies that stand out to me and I just don’t know how to reconcile them.
So I’ll stop trying and instead just openly share them with you to think about.
The first big anomaly which stands out to me is that for over two years straight,
whenever I am asked about “total crypto market cap,” they (spirit) always show me the
$5Ts ($5T to $5.9T) and $15T. Those are important zones. They are important
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 34 of 116
markers to pay attention to. Since I do not know where “total market cap” will top out
this cycle, I have always shared I ASSUME the $5T range ($5.1T to $5.9T) will be in or
around 2025 and the $15T will be later on. I ASSUME the $15T is for “next cycle.” but I
predict the cycles have changed and what if we get “the gift” I predict is coming? What
if that happens in 2026? I just don’t know. What I do know is I’ll be paying attention
when total market cap is in the $5Ts.
The second anomaly which stands out has to do with something we talked about
earlier in the report. Remember when I talked about “Number Changes! Target
Changes!” This message was strong and I couldn’t easily place it in a specific time
frame. What does that mean? It could happen anytime in the next few years.
Remember what they (spirit) showed me, within the next few years your numbers are
going to go much higher than many anticipate. Of key importance, this will happen in
ways that defy your old 4-year (based on bitcoin halving) cycle models.
The targets and numbers we had for “this cycle” are going to reset for higher, but I don’t
know when. What if something crazy happens and the reset higher is not super long
after our plateau/peak sometime AROUND January? Bottom line, the message is clear,
many of our targets are going to exceed from where we are forecasting now. I’m
ASSUMING this will come into play in 2027 or 2028, but fair warning, we need to stay
on top of this and be willing to adjust, even in 2026.
Our numbers that we give in our reports provide you a nice practicality where you could
see growth in just the coming months or as many like to say “this cycle.” Later on
though, during the course of when there's a gift that's given, when it is put out into the
universe and someone is giving you a gift, you are going to see numbers that are going
to possibly exceed, double or more, where we have given you the practicality of this
cycle. Keep this in mind. How will I incorporate this message? Easy, I stick with
my plan and take profit as planned, but then I will keep a very close eye on the
overall market and decide if there is one more surge before a more sustained
correction.
Remember, at a minimum, I see a bounce coming after we plateau/peak in the January
“time frame” and it’s undetermined if “a gift” will be given that changes the game at that
point or not. I’m building out my plan as if this “gift” doesn’t occur until 2027 or 2028,
but I will remain flexible enough to make changes along our journey. MAKE SURE
YOU KEEP THIS IN YOUR HIP POCKET. YOU MAY NOT NEED IT, BUT IF YOU DO,
YOU WON’T BE SHOCKED LIKE EVERYONE ELSE! Fair warning.
The third anomalous message that has my attention is Bitcoin to 184/185. I keep
getting the $185K number for Bitcoin. So whenever that number comes into play, treat
it like $184K because I feel there will be a pullback associated with it. Logically
speaking, you would expect that next cycle, but since this is not fitting in neatly with
everything else I have been given, I’m highlighting it now. Maybe there’s an outside
chance we get a spike up there before the last breath of this cycle or maybe it is just a
temporary resistance in the years to follow. I just don’t know right now. Hey, in time
we’ll find out. Sorry, I don’t have all the answers.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 35 of 116
The fourth anomaly relates to a potential “earlier than expected” run for the next cycle
time frame. I feel we should talk about this even though it may not happen. The next
Bitcoin Halving is in Mar/Apr of 2028 and I’m getting from them (spirit) people will get
ahead of it and this can bring us to an earlier than expected topping period. Potentially
even some bizarre spike in 2027. So, yeah, action can happen in 2027 and a top can
actually occur for the next “cycle” in less than a year from the “Bitcoin Halving.” That
would completely blow up the “4 year cycle” theory. Gonna be fun to watch everything
play out.
Bottom line, this all plays into the core message that we have to move away from talking
in terms of your old “4 year cycles,” especially how they relate to the Bitcoin “halving.” I
know I already said this, but I’m not going to try and precisely number or time “peaks”
moving forward. Yes, of course, I’ll continue to try and identify “key areas of interest”
and “price targets.”.
Read the next sentence very carefully and please burn it into your mind and embrace it
as a core part of your strategy.
Do not get stuck on timing. Things can speed up or slow down and it is more
likely that will happen then it is for any tops or bottoms to come in when I’m
feeling they will right now. We need to watch when this cycle finally rolls over
and while that feels like it can come even as soon as before this year is out, you
can see I’ve already been predicting a run after the January plateau which
extends into 2026. Fair warning.
Let’s check on my plan again?
The team asked for my plan during several different sessions (over the course of
September and early October) to make sure everything was consistent. I rarely
remember what I say or the messages from session to session so I find this approach
intriguing and valuable. I get it, you might go “really again,” but you will pick up
something new each time so don’t make a fuss about it. It’s funny, I used this approach
when I was a police detective and interrogating suspects. Do what I did as a detective
and look for inconsistencies. Here we go again. My plan follows:
 Sell when things start getting “toppy.” Toppy doesn’t mean “the top.” Toppy is
when signals start flashing that things are getting overheated. Like gold right now.
There is always a short squeeze after things get “toppy” and that leads to higher
highs than we should get and they do not generally last very long.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 36 of 116
 If you get money out this cycle, congrats. All you need to be successful is to
contemplate that the bottoming out range will be somewhere around the $70,000s
(+ or -) and you need to know there’s a strong chance that the bottoming out phase
occurs faster than most think it can. In short, Bitcoin may not hang out in that lower
range for as long as people want it to. I will start DCA’ing in the $80,000s! If you
didn’t get any money out this cycle, no worries. Just start saving for future
purchases.
 The majority of altcoins will bottom in 2027. Some can bottom before that. The
altcoins with the highest probability of recovering and shining in the next cycle are:
In no particular order; ETH, LINK, some version of XRP, SOL, TAO, SUI and ADA
(but I have to see more from ADA before signing off on that). After they have their
run up (in the next cycle), most solid coins will get “revised.” There will be many
other shining “altcoin stars” next cycle, I’m just highlighting what I feel are the
obvious ones.
 In 2028 (caution on timing), BTC will reach as high $500K.
 BTC will reach as high as $2M before 2032.
Psychological warfare!
In some ways, crypto is psychological warfare. It's games. It's such games. It's such
games, but you can wash most of that away if you just pick a handful of good projects,
take a 4 or 5 year perspective, and then just sit on your hands and loosely play the
major multi year market peaks and lows. You know, the “stages” I talked about in the
beginning of this report. In short, do very little tinkering and just ride this once in a
lifetime opportunity! It only takes 2 consecutive 10 X moves over the course of several
years to get that 100 X gain. You only have the next several years to make it work for
you, period.
I want to say something now, Don’t fall for the “paradigm shift” and “up only” narrative
that’s coming soon. Major pullbacks are needed.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 37 of 116
You know what everybody's got to get ready for? There's going to be a drop in the
market fairly soon and then a shitload of new coins will be coming up for our next two
years or so and we need to look at a lot of coins that can take out some of the old
players. We’re going to have so many new coins to look at in the coming years it’s mind
blowing and people who want to do well will need to keep up and it won’t be as easy as
it has been. I know most of you don’t think this has been easy, but relatively speaking,
it has been compared to how it’s going to be. And that's a fact.
Is there any chance this market just
falls apart in the next week or so and
we don’t get any new all time high for
Bitcoin or altcoins?
So you’re asking me if “this cycle” is finished? No, that’s not what’s most probable. We
all know anything can happen, but the most probable outcome is what I have laid out in
this report.
Here’s some good news. Even if something insane happened, that I don’t see coming
down the pike, your crypto has an incredibly bright future and all anyone would need to
do is just remain calm and wait for a recovery. No, I do not see this all ending in the
next couple of weeks. Now, in the next months, yes, we will hit a plateau and things
can get crazy pretty quickly. We are farther along in this market than some think, but I
see so many recoveries and corrections over the next 7 years it will not matter for those
who can keep their wits about them.
Here’s some more good news. Even if something crazy happened in the next two or
three weeks, I KNOW Bitcoin only drops into AROUND the $70,000s and then we start
moving up all over again. And I have seen Bitcoin doesn’t stay in the $70,000s range
very long.
To be clear. Everything I’m predicting in this report destroys this “it’s all over right now”
narrative. Just Bitcoin into the $130Ks negates the core of this question. Bottom line, I
do not see this market dying in the next couple of weeks like you are asking in this
question. I don’t think this is a stupid question as it highlights that we should be
prepared for anything, just don’t obsess about it, right!
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 38 of 116
“Bitcoin Only?” At times, absolutely
yes, but with a caveat...
Let’s cut to the chase and then talk more in detail about the “Bitcoin only” strategy. The
flaw with it is not going to US Dollars after the multi-year blow off tops. The flaw is not
scanning the top “large cap” altcoins for good entries. The flaw doesn’t account for the
advantages of being in an altcoin for at least a year before selling. The flaw is not
recognizing that the only 20 X or more gains within a single cycle come from altcoins.
The only chance for “class changing” money in crypto will continue to be altcoins. Sure,
8 years ago Bitcoin could do it. And today, if you’re already well off, then Bitcoin can
get you a beautiful 18 X within the next 7 years or so (Bitcoin is currently $110K as I’m
working on this Annual Report and I predict it will reach $2M by 2032). That’s wonderful
and spectacular by traditional measures. However, and let me make this clear before
giving this example, I have never been a fan of the “class” system for grouping people
by net worth because I have met too many “upper class” who behave far below the
many “lower class.” When talking strictly in money terms, we will reference the “class
system.”
If you are trying to shift from “lower class” to “middle class” or “upper class”, the answer
is still “good altcoins.” Is it a more risky strategy? YES! But some altcoins will double,
triple and quadruple what Bitcoin does. Some even more. Again, the trade off is risk!
As they say, there’s no free lunch. For many people, a reasonable altcoin strategy is
one of the only remaining golden tickets.
What do I mean by a reasonable altcoin strategy? Just holding a few Top 10 coins and
a few Top 50. Then maybe just a couple of the more solid coins that are ranked from
50 to 120. And finally just one or two pure lottery plays outside of the Top 200. For
example, XPRT, WELL, GRASS, and GUNZ are 3 bets I would take now for a potential
crazy run, but I won’t be surprised if any or all go to zero. If someone said, hey, XPRT
is one of the lowest risk coins out there because it is so beat down…I’m putting $10,000
in it for a shot at $1M. I would say, “okay, but make sure you’re prepared for the $1M
and be equally prepared to lose your $10,000.” Bitcoin and some of the long standing
proven performers are not like that.
The key is not to go “full on degen” with the whole “financial nihilism” thing or go to an
“all or nothing, YOLO” pure gambling mode.
Always remember, no matter who tells you something or what you think you know, the
further out the risk curve you go, the more likely you are to lose a bet, period. Fair
warning.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 39 of 116
The team asked me to look at someone who primarily focuses on Bitcoin and how they
say it’s the only smart play and while I felt this person was abundantly book smart and
high IQ, they were, like many brilliant people, a little challenged in the EQ department.
The team shared he has been saying the same thing for 4 years and that is, “Be in
“Bitcoin only,” it does better than everything else.” Something like “Stay in Bitcoin as
the altcoins bleed into Bitcoin so be only in Bitcoin until altcoin season comes.” I think
this is a very smart strategy at times, but not one that can easily move the needle in a
20 X or more way this cycle and in the years ahead.
The “Bitcoin only” strategy was not optimal in 2022 because Bitcoin went down against
the dollar. Bitcoin dropped like 75% in about a year. So what was that person saying in
2021 and 2022? That person did not say “time to exit Bitcoin for all of 2022” so it was
not the premium strategy. In fact, many will argue it was a bad strategy. To me, it
doesn’t matter if people went in with their eyes wide open to this cycle and with a big
picture view saying, “all I want is a nice 8 to 10 X if I get lucky enough to time the bottom
perfectly.” However, I don’t think that was most people, including this person your
asking about. And for those who just held, they didn’t likely buy the bottom and get that
8 to 10 X, did they? They probably bought last cycle in the $40Ks or $60Ks and they’re
currently only up 3 X or whatever.
Let’s take a look at the “Bitcoin only” strategy for 2023. For 2023 the “Bitcoin only”
strategy sounded good as Bitcoin did better than the average altcoin, except it didn’t
allow for anyone to pick up SOL under $10 or even under $20. The “Bitcoin only”
strategy fell apart again around election time, towards the end of 2024 because it didn’t
account for the XRP surge (or other altcoin surges).
So a simple “Bitcoin only” strategy is good sometimes and bad at other times. I feel
those who say anything else are just cherry picking information to support a narrative.
Again, the “Bitcoin only” strategy sounds smart, but in today’s world it is wrong -- in the
end this strategy is nice for maintaining wealth and picking up solid gains, but it didn’t
allow for anyone to be in some of the “out-performers” before the election. It didn’t allow
for anyone to be in SOL when it went on it’s parabolic run in 2023. It didn’t allow for
anyone to hop into XRP or SUI or PYTH or ONDO or LINK or any of the coins that will
end up having much much higher returns this cycle than Bitcoin.
People will like that “only Bitcoin” strategy until we go into the ending phase of this cycle,
over the next months, and those people who adopted the “Bitcoin only strategy” will
figure out that while they felt good and “right” for a period during this cycle, they missed
the boat and biggest gains. Not a problem if you’re already rich or you have a large
YouTube channel or crypto business that centers around getting clicks (engagement
farming). However, it is a problem for someone who doesn’t have much and hopes to
pick up a 10 X or 20 X this cycle and then maybe a 10 X next for a combined 100 X or
200 X.
It’s really just people selling opinions and others wanting to find someone who sounds
smart to make them feel good. It should be more about how you did at the end of a
cycle, not how you felt during the cycle. Feelings versus final outcomes. I’ll take
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 40 of 116
final outcomes and let’s see how those who hold only Bitcoin do relative to the best
altcoins when this cycle wraps up in the next short period. You know what, I bet my 3 or
4 coin 50 X portfolio smashes what a Bitcoin only strategy will do over the next 4 or 5
years.
Let’s just take a look at the biggest few altcoins by market cap and see how a “Bitcoin
Only” strategy would have played out so far “this cycle.” Assuming lump sum
purchases and remember, we haven’t even had “altcoin” season yet so this will be
massively out of whack pretty soon.
XRP. Low in July 2022 around .32. We’ll see where it peaks.
SOL. Low in Dec 2022 around $9.80. We’ll see where it peaks.
Those are just 2 easy examples in the Top 10 and plenty in the Top 50 will end up
absolutely crushing Bitcoin's performance this cycle. You can even miss the bottom by
a wide margin and still do far better than someone who decided to only hold Bitcoin.
Same will hold true over the next years.
There is no “one size fits all” model and some thought-process and flexibility is required.
You know this instinctively, but you have to reign in the gambling aspect. Find balance
between the “Bitcoin only” strategy and a reasonable altcoin strategy.
The number one “near term” (less
than a year) risk to crypto is obvious
and they (spirit) warned us about it
many months ago.
“Leverage” is the biggest crypto warning they (spirit) see on the horizon. Some of you
will remember when, many months ago, during the middle of an unrelated conversation,
they (spirit) wanted to talk about “leverage” and it was a strong and clear warning for all.
Yes, within 5 years there is something major which requires a “revamp” of the major
cryptos and we can speculate that might be related to quantum computing or something
else, but in the near term, LEVERAGE is the more relevant concern. Mid term, the
Supreme Court speculation on future ruling on emergency tariffs, terrorism, “European
money,” and the Fed are concerns.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 41 of 116
Getting back to the “near term” leverage risk, I would not play with leverage and it will
be what fuels our bear market which will prove the “super cycle” and “no more
substantial corrections” proponents wrong. Fair warning.
We also need to understand Trump will weaken the dollar as I predicted last year. You
can see he has already been at work on this. And keep an eye on the Bond Market,
changes are coming there too, especially Europe. Trump knows the debt is both
unsustainable and can’t be serviced. He’s going to devise a way to reduce this. Watch
for this in the next year or so. That can actually end up driving Bitcoin and crypto up as
initial fear subsides. So Bitcoin to $2M might really only feel like Bitcoin to $1.5M, but
it’s still life changing money so it isn’t like people holding crypto aren’t way better off or
way ahead of those who don’t. Some people get all spun up and try to say when Bitcoin
is $1M that it won’t matter because a gallon of milk will be $100. NO. No, no, that is not
what it is like at all.
What does “spirit” say about
Bitcoin’s place in our financial future?
They (spirit) said, "It's stable" as in longevity. When I’m talking about this right now, it’s
September of 2025 and Bitcoin is around $111,000.
Also, related and important, yes, you can use crypto Spot ETFs. Even with 401Ks.
401Ks will have options in the future. Self custody is sadly dangerous for most because
they get phished or have lapses in security. For most people, Spot ETFs will be an
alternative. There are pros and cons to everything. Me, I’ll just keep mine with Caleb
and Brown and Uptrade.au for 2026. I’m not wanting to complicate anything for the next
12 months. I have a feeling I’ll make some changes in 2027. Nothing I’m concerned
with for now.
They (spirit) are saying it (Bitcoin) becomes more “stable” over time. I think most of us
knew that, but that isn’t how most see it right now. Most see it as highly volatile
because they watch it every day. I like hearing it’s “stable” from spirit and that it has
longevity -- they (spirit) see it in the years to come as a reliable place for those who can
play the long game. It isn’t the “get rich quick” game it once was, but it is less “risky”
now and it is still the “get rich quicker than pretty much any other thing” game. So you
don’t have to worry when it corrects because now you know it’s going to come back. No
matter what happens in the next months, you don’t have to worry because all you need
to know is to start buying when it gets into the $70,000s. Even someone who just starts
out when Bitcoin corrects into the $70,000s can do a few basic maneuvers over the next
years and parlay a little into a small fortune.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 42 of 116
We all know Bitcoin is volatile and that’s the primary reason people are attracted to it. If
it was boring, you would look for something else to speculate on to increase your wealth.
It will become “boring” within 7 years.
The name of the game is (and always has been) about finding the best asymmetric bet.
Meaning, where can I get the highest possible return with the least proportionate risk.
Right now, that’s Bitcoin and some of the largest crypto “coins” (by total market cap),
period. This will change in the next 7 years. The window to take advantage is over the
next several years.
No, I don’t know what the “next thing” will be in 5 to 7 years and it doesn’t matter
because you need to take full advantage of crypto for the next several years without
getting distracted by the next shiny thing. Not jumping on the AI stocks as the better
option right now.
READ THIS TWICE!
This will sound funny or even contradictory to some, but inside the standard
crypto band of volatility, I see there is stability and a continued upward path. Big
swings up and down, yes, but a substantial and prolonged upward trajectory. They
(spirit) said “five.” So lowest would be under my target at $125K and we can probably
rule that out very soon. $135K is a nice sweet spot. I’m not changing my long-standing
target of $130K to $140K. Sure, maybe even $145K, $150K in 2025, but I feel that’s
pushing it AND not long after, then we start to take it down. Fast at first and then notch
after notch until we get to the $70Ks ($70K to $79K) before starting to solidify and then
build up over time into the $180Ks and $200Ks and $300Ks and $400Ks and maybe
even the $500Ks in late 2028 or so (maybe even earlier). And you have to be prepared
for this to go faster than many think it will. We will want to keep close tabs on
everything in 2026 and 2027!
Again, Bitcoin will go higher in 2025!
You’re hitting me with this question about Bitcoin going higher in 2025, again? Okay.
Let’s do it again. Today Bitcion is around $110K and we’re near the end of September
of 2025.
Bitcoin hit about $124,000 in mid August 2025. Was that the high for this year or is there
more coming this year? More. More coming this year. this Fall. So October, maybe
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 43 of 116
Nov for a new Bitcoin peak. I mean, it’s September when you’re asking, maybe by the
time we get this out in early October it’s already shown you the answer.
Yeah, leaves changing colors on the trees, leaves falling is what they're giving me. Do
not quote me on a month, the point is Bitcoin has not reached its’ peak for the year.
Higher, yes higher. And they (spirit) said it can exceed what we actually had anticipated.
So let’s keep our $130K to $140K target and do not be surprised if it exceeds that. I
feel we can exceed that. I'm seeing the fives around in and around it. I'm seeing the
fives. So $135K or $145K or $150K, but I’m NOT CHANGING MY LONG-STANDING
TARGET!
Wherever Bitcoin tops, don’t worry, you’ll have a chance to buy it in the $70Ks in 2026
or, at the latest, in 2027. Try to forget about timing and look for the $70,000s as a range
to really pay attention. Is it possible it goes lower? Sure, but the $70,000s are good
enough for me.
I don’t know why or where this fits in, but they gave me 185. $185K is relevant at some
point on our journey. No, not far far away. Not in Never Never Land, is it going to do
that. It's got 185 pretty close in proximity coming up in 2027 or earlier maybe. I don’t
know the timing. Let go of the timing. No, I don’t feel it’s this year, I’m not sure on the
timing, just that it’s coming in and it may be before many think it will get here. Bring this
up for our “Anomaly” section of the report.
They're (spirit) telling me, the word that they're (spirit) saying is “button.” It's by the push
of a button. What will I do with this information? I will simply stick with my plan and
make sure I get back into Bitcoin quickly when it hits around the $70,000s! Let’s be
flexible and see what happens together.
Now I don't know what button that is, but that's what I'm hearing them (spirit) say.
They’re (spirit) saying, “It's by the push of a button.” I keep getting messages, on all the
different days we’ve worked on this report, about this “push of a button.”
A long time ago, when we would talk in the early stages of our group (2022, 2023 and
even up to election time in 2024), they (spirit) are saying that it was manipulated
negatively more by government and oddly also by the “bigger small players” in the world.
Now they're (spirit) saying we are in a completely manipulated stage due to President
Trump coming in and Wall Street because of Trump coming in. It’s no longer the push
and shove to try and keep it down -- in the past, there was so much resistance at the
highest levels. Now it's moving in a different capacity, where it's considered a “push of a
button” and he's (Trump) going to do it. Watch. He can just send it when the conditions
are right and it will catch most people by surprise. Just stick with your plan and don’t
give up because crypto has a lot of runway left. Just know, the market almost never
moves when you want it to or expect it to. Just ask Pete and Lisa.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 44 of 116
Caleb and Brown, Okay?
Do I feel like they're still okay, safe to use for at least another year? Yes.
This far into the market cycle, I don't want anybody to move money unless there's a
danger. I don't want people taking any unnecessary steps unless there's a danger of
them collapsing or it going down in flames. Do not complicate things right now. I do not
see problems for Caleb and Brown.
Bottom line, I don't feel there's anything to worry about at this time.
We will take a look again next year. They (spirit) just said that there is a potential issue
with them within two years. You do what you want, I’m not doing anything in the near
term.
Crypto “Who’s Who” Predictions for
“Bitcoin Price by end of 2025”
Let’s see who gets the closest! All predictions below were
made more than one year ago.
Tia Belle $130K - $140K
JP Morgan $165K
Bitwise $200K
Standard Chartered $200K
Vaneck $180K
Matrixport $160K
Galaxy Digital $185K
Bernstein $200K
Scaramucci $180K - $200K
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 45 of 116
Peter Brandt $150K - $280K
Arthur Hayes $250K
Check on the “Bitcoin Bottom” in
2026/2027, one more time!
The team feels this is so important that they need to approach this multiple times in
separate sessions. I don’t generally recall exactly what I have shared in prior sessions
so I’m okay with this process.
Bottom for Bitcoin after this cycle?
Bitcoin gets up to its, whatever it gets up to this year, whether it's 135, 140, 145, 150,
then we know it's going to pull back.
My sense is Bitcoin should pull back to somewhere in the 70,000s at some point in what
feels like 2026. Does that feel too low or too high? Could it go into the low 60,000s? Or
high $60,000s? I heard 7, so I will go with $70,000s. Yes, and they (spirit) said it's
only going to be a short period of when it bottoms, not long, not a long time
down there. That’s important. Fair warning.
You'll get that opportunity in 2026 or early 2027. Now the only thing is, though, if you
look at the market once a month, you’ll miss that best buying opportunity. So, you’ll
need to stay dialed in or you're likely going to miss it. I feel you could detach in previous
bear market phases, but not this next one. And if you don't check the markets regularly,
you won’t be able to jump on it. Or, you guys should stay dialed in and the team just
said “also set some “limit buy orders”, not financial advice.”
If you're slow to the game, and again using the game format, that's when it's going to be
problematic because it's going to be, they (spirit) just said a very, very short window to
buy Bitcoin.
Listen, 100%, they (spirit) just showed me a seven to start buying and I am not getting
that out of my head. So I would start buying at $79,000 and DCA (dollar cost average)
in from that point all the way to a bottom. I don’t know the exact bottom.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 46 of 116
Ethereum?
Over the past couple of years, they (spirit) would always give us a “four” when we
checked on Ethereum. I decided to go with $14,000 as an approximate target for this
cycle or not long after.
So here’s what I feel about Ethereum. It is not one of the best projects, but it has the
most money in it and it will go higher in time and I feel we're looking at the $14,000
range more towards our next plateau at either the end of this cycle or it may not be until
later. I don’t feel I know for certain. At least we know that even if it doesn’t hit the
higher targets this cycle, it’s going to have more runs over the next years and that’s
more than we can say for a lot of other coins. I mean, I see it can go to $110K or more
when Bitcoin hits $2M. $110,000 in the long term? Yeah, of course, why not. It will be
overtaken by something not currently out yet though. I think I have told you about this
before.
For this year (plus or minus a little time), the next stop we can look for is in the eight to
nine realm ($8K to $9K), that’s what I'm hearing. The 14 definitely comes in time just
maybe more towards the beyond 2025 range, but we’ll see soon enough.
When we get in the next big ETH push in the next years, it will go into the $20,000s. So
ETH $20,000s is very real and it isn’t many many years away. Shoot, ETH $110,000 is
very possible.
Here’s what’s crazy, you already know this if you’ve read this report from top to bottom,
I can see ETH has a shot of cresting the $100,000 ($110K) mark in the longer term.
Obviously if Bitcoin reaches the $2M they (spirit) showed me, of course the projects that
survive will come along for the ride. ETH has the chance to be one of those! It’s old
and slow, but not down and out for the count yet. That being said, it eventually gets
replaced.
I have never been the biggest fan of ETH for this current cycle, but always felt it would
be stable and do well. Do I feel it will be one of the best performers in the future? Well,
the best? No, but pretty good. Bottom line, crypto will become so big it almost
becomes like the game “survivor.” It’ll (ETH) survive long enough to see some big gains.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 47 of 116
The Resurgence of Meme Coins!
Don’t count meme coins out! As stupid as you may think meme coins are, they will
have a big run.
Meme coins are not dead. Some of the meme coins we’ve talked about and identified
early will have a major resurgence.
I feel we've got a huge sector of meme coins that are going to come out. For some
reason, that's going to be the “Vidal Sassoon jeans” of the crypto market. You know, in
style and all the rage for a time.
DOGE! Keep an eye on Doge!
Where will you keep your profits after
selling? What’s your top Stable Coin
preference?
US Dollars in my bank and some US Dollars at Caleb and Brown and Uptrade.au
That’s it, period.
Top stable coin preference. You aren’t listening to me. We’ve talked about this a dozen
times over the past couple of years. Stable coins for quick moves, okay, I get it for
convenience or for those who are forced to, but once we hit a bear market, you probably
don’t fully appreciate the risk. These are not risk free like some think.
I have not used any stable coin and I don’t plan to. Anyone who has an account with
Caleb and Brown and/or Uptrade.au does not need to use stable coins because you
can hold US Dollars with them. I think you can even hold US Dollars with Coinbase,
check into that. Bottom line, any money I plan to get back into the market will be stored
in US Dollars.
I’m sorry, I know, I know some people want me to say Tether or USDC or RLUSD are
all great and perfect, but no, I don’t feel that way. Our friends who keep asking, it just
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 48 of 116
feels like people don’t understand how everything works and they just want someone to
promise them there’s no risk. There is risk.
There’s risk with everything and more with stable coins then people have figured out. I
do not endorse any stable coin in the near term and those who decide to use them for
mid to long term storage need to take responsibility for their decisions. Stable coins
just don’t feel full proof for now, even with the Stable Coin Act that recently passed.
Liquidity crunches can have short term implications, I don’t know how all of this works, I
just know I see risk with stable coins. That’s all I’m saying. I know history doesn’t
always repeat, but it often rhymes so didn’t you guys see this movie play out before?
Didn’t you see something blow up with FTX and then that started a cascade of
liquidations which quickly spread to places you might not have even thought possible? I
don’t know, but I know how I feel about all of this right now. No to stable coins for
storing wealth, for me. You do what you need or what you like and I’ll always pray it all
works out. I want nothing but the best for you.
Crypto Captial Gains, Rule Changes?
What’s Trump trying to do with capital gains? Because they (spirit) are in my head and
showing me… what is he (Trump) trying to do with capital gains, Trump? People have
given up on this, but Trump is still trying to lower capital gains tax on something to do
with crypto. This is related to crypto. This idea and push is not dead. It’s just that there
are things which need to be implemented first as he’s trying to do it in a way, it’s related
to “legality-wise.”
Trump has to do it in a solid, legal, long standing way before he can start manipulating
numbers and that's what people need to understand, things need to be done in lock
step.
Could Trump do an executive order? Maybe, but it would be challenged and reversed
in time.
Each step is important to implementing the bigger plan. We are in the first steps before
we hit certain things. So it feels more probable somewhere in the next years, 2026 or a
little later. In the not too distant future, Trump will roll out his crypto capital gains
changes and it will fire up the crypto market once again.
And there's going to be something that changes with how quickly you can make money.
So they're (spirit) telling me that the people like you and our group, who have had this
knowledge and who have been in the game from the time when people thought it was a
complete fallacy, will be so far ahead that in the future the opportunity is gone. It's
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 49 of 116
going to be very difficult after you start going to that four hundred thousand dollar range
to actually, you're not going to be able to play the same way of getting in the game, it’ll
already have done the life changing moves. I mean, when Bitcoin has bottomed and
then runs up to that $400K, what’s left? A 5 X? Does that change anyone’s life?
There will be two diversified groups of people. One is going to be comprised of the
people who have had crypto and built and taken profits and built again OR who just held
on to crypto from the early days. AND then you will have the people who come in late
and have to pay up and the game is way trickier.
It’s about two groups of people. The early crypto people and the later crypto people.
It's almost like a nice little piece of prime real estate. It's like you bought the piece of
property because you knew a good piece of property before the majority realized the
area was going to be developed. So you bought that property at $10,000. And then
once it became a star, everybody else came in and now they're paying $1M. So it's like
that for the late bloomers who come to crypto.
Market Structure Bill?
The market structure bill (Clarity Act) gets signed in the law before the end of the year,
don’t worry about that. They showed me Holidays. So maybe that’s Thanksgiving or
Christmas, but it’s this year and it’s coming. Worse case, beginning of 2026. Just know
that type of big news can mark a peak for a time though.
More Altcoin Spot ETFs?
More altcoin spot ETFs. Soon. I feel like I’ve been saying that for a while. It’s soon,
within a month or two. Getting through November without the altcoin spot ETFs in place?
No, I don’t feel that way, at all.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 50 of 116
Buying right now, in Sep and Oct of
2025?
Short answer, YES! Last chance for many large cap altcoins.
Longer answer, it depends when you’re reading this and which crypto you’re buying. In
general, yes, you should be purchasing some of them, if you want to buy (not Bitcoin),
now's a time to do it. Now is a time to do it, but it’s crypto so you need to have a game
plan and if you aren’t nimble you can expect to watch it run up quick and then come
down again. The team always tells me that anytime they buy there’s almost always a
correction. They say it makes them chuckle.
Bottom line, buying now is, generally speaking, your last chance because it really
doesn’t matter when you’re in this stage of the market -- right now corrections recover
fairly quickly and the market goes higher.
I always tell my friends, “Crypto, don’t miss it, but have a 5 to 7 year time horizen. And
if you buy it now in Sep or Oct, generally speaking, better sell half of it if it does a quick
2 X because then you’re playing with free money and you can relax a little bit.”
The ironic part about all of this that we've represented in a very bizarre way is all of the
new coins and the meme coins that come out, it’s still the old man coins that are going
to be your winners for a time, you know, like your bars of gold. That being said, we
have a window coming up where the other altcoins will rock and roll. Remember, for
months I’ve been sharing NOVEMBER for the idea of “altcoin season,” but obviously
you need to build in a little wiggle room when I give “timing” predictions like that. What if
it’s December because of the whole “Government shutdown” nonsense? Just know it’s
coming.
So there will be lots of new coins and the meme coins will have there time, but the
legitimate coins are the long term bets and playing the game now is to your advantage.
The game's going to change and in five years, that game is going to change and be
more complex with the gains, generally speaking, becoming smaller and smaller. Five
years from now, we’re just not getting the big time gains in this game.
Crypto has been and still is a rare opportunity for the average person to make
substantial gains. “Class changing” gains.
Crypto, generally speaking, has been a gift to those who paid attention, took moderate
risk, and put in the time to learn.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 51 of 116
The overwhelming, the feeling of overwhelming opportunity is intense. I just think, for
people who are impatient or people that don't have belief, you’ll miss a once in a lifetime
opportunity if you don’t cool your jets and make this work for yourself.
Listen, how I feel about this, while working right now and listening to spirit, the
overwhelming feeling of what will come is staggering.
You all know, for years, I had been waiting for Trump to come in for this. I'd been
waiting for him to kick the SEC to the curb. I had been waiting for all of this and all his
people working behind the scenes, his helpers, to be in place and marching forward. I
have been waiting for this period we’re in. Take advantage!
Peak 2, Peak 3? Is there a Peak 4?
Oh my God. Stop with the Peak 2 and 3 questions. Any talk of “peak 2” or “peak 3” at
this point is moot.
All that matters is you have sell targets set and you execute whenever they may hit.
I’ve always very clearly shared that people would not be able to buy and sell the
bottoms and tops of the early “peaks.” It’s always been about hitting some goals and
“final check out” points.
Of course you’re going to ask an obvious question, “after this next run up hits its’ top,
will we have another one?” Fair enough. Yes, there will be many more over the next
seven years, but the trick is hitting some of this “cycles” targets and getting some
money out of the game and then getting some back in when Bitcoin works its’ way back
down into the $70,000s. Don’t worry, you don’t need to be perfect.
Try to let go of the timing questions. Just set your sell targets and let go of everything
else for now. Fear is a liar. The unknown equals fear. You know enough to not be
fearful, you just need a little faith and patience and to let things play out.
All you can do at this point is set your reasonable sell targets and wait until they
hit OR you see the market has multiple “top indicators” flashing red! That’s it.
That’s the game. That’s your edge. You’ll win some, you ‘ll lose some and then
you’ll move on.
From this day forward, any talk of “peak one, two or three” or “when” is a mistake and a
distraction. The 3 peaks we talked about in last years’ annual report were vital as
“knowing” about them gave many the conviction that the “cycle” had lots of time and
room to grow. Whether you argued we were on peak 1 or 2 over the past 11 months
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 52 of 116
didn’t matter because you knew we would have at least one more peak. And you know
that’s also true today as we speak. That alone just might be worth a million dollars.
Knowing we had more peaks coming this year just may have been the thing that gave
enough people the confidence to hold on. I feel that especially holds true right now!
You know you have a minimum of one big peak remaining and that provides you with
enough airspeed and altitude to assess where you stand today and prepare for when
this market gets heated up and we approach the January time frame. The team says
that has been priceless to them, but you get to decide what everything means to you.
This journey is difficult, I’m just the messenger and hope I have helped in some small
way to get you to this point because I feel strongly things are ready to massively change
in your favor.
My plan, said another way…
Okay, I get it you want to cover the most important things multiple times. I don’t want to
hear from anyone “oh, there were a couple of sections that were repetitive.” Obviously!
Let it go, bro. The team didn’t want to edit any messages or nuance from spirit related
to key questions. Either don’t read this next section or deal with the little bit of repetition,
capiche. I mean, all you have to do is read it, I got grilled over and over to make sure
we didn’t miss anything. You know what, I already know we’re going to give some new
info. They (spirit) just said that. Okay, let’s do it.
You know how to communicate successfully when you feel something is important. Say
it once, say it twice and when you think you’ve said it too many times, say it again!
One more time, here’s what I’m doing. You do whatever feels best for you. We all have
different goals and ideas:
 When things get overheated in the next months sell 90% or more of all crypto and
go to US Dollars, not stable coins. You decide where to keep your money safe. I
will use a combination of a credit union with no major exposure to commercial real
estate and a major US Bank with relatively small exposure to commercial real estate
and is “too big to fail” and I will leave some US Dollars with Caleb and Brown and
Uptrade.au. You do whatever you want. That is on you. This is what I’m doing and
I do not care what anyone else is doing. Nobody HAS TO use stable coins if they
can get an account at caleb and brown, uptrade.au or coinbase (as long as you live
in a state supported). If there’s some reason and/or you insist on using stable coins,
then probably usdc, tether or rlusd. If I was forced to use stable coins, I would split
my risk over a few of them and put some money in usdc, tether and rlusd. They all
feel about the same and I don’t love any of them for the next year or so. See, the
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 53 of 116
team just said you got a little more info on your stable coin question I didn’t give
before!
 When Bitcoin breaks below $80,000 I will begin buying Bitcoin in chunks and keep
doing this until Bitcoin has bottomed and has started its’ accent up and breaks
above $90,000. I plan to be done buying around $90,000. If Bitcoin makes it down
to $71,000 great, if it only makes it to $77,000, fine. If Bitcoin drops into the
$60,000s, great, I’ll make sure I have money on the side. If Bitcoin drops into the
$50,000s, great, I’ll deploy more “dry powder” as you say. If Bitcoin drops down into
the $40,000s, I’ll mortgage my house, just kidding, but I will buy more. I know in the
future Bitcoin will be around $2M.
 After buying BItcion, waiting for top alts to form individual bottoms and Dollar Cost
Averaging in is my next move. I will be closely following LINK, XRP, SOL, ETH, SUI,
ADA, TAO, PYTH, ONDO and others.
 In 2027 I will start building out my “sell targets” for the altcoins I feel most compelled
to buy. I think it’s important to have some idea of where you think a coin can
reasonably go before you buy it. I can see there will be many new coins we may
want to consider, coins we haven’t talked about yet.
 When our next cycle gets “toppy” I will start scaling out of Bitcoin and it feels like
around $400K - $500K, potentially in late 2028 or early 2029. Not long after I start
scaling out of Bitcoin I will start scaling out of altcoins.
 I will sit and wait, keeping all profits in US Dollars. I didn’t get a time frame or price
target for this next “buying maneuver” after the local peak in the $400Ks to $500K
range, so at this point I’m loosely looking at when Bitcoin drops under $300,000 in
2029’ish? At whatever price I end up feeling is right, I will start buying “Bitcoin only”
and then do nothing until I see Bitcoin reach over $1.5M in 2031- 2032. I may not
sell much at that point as it’s game over, the big volatility is gone and we have the
Stock Market 2.0 in place. This is when you can finally more safely borrow
against your Bitcoin (not before then as the volatility is too high and people
will get liquidated and forced to sell their collateral). Too many people think
borrowing against Bitcoin is the right play right now, but I feel it is far too
dangerous to do before we reach the $1M threshold. Please, take this to heart
and really study this. Fair warning! I see danger on borrowing against your crypto
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 54 of 116
assets before we cross the $1M threshold and even then you should expect big
volatility. Maybe best not to borrow against Bitcoin until it goes a fair bit past $1M.
Shameless “When Moon” Question!
Jupiter and cancer alignment, it
begins on October 18th, and it runs
through December 5th. Do you feel
like that might coincide with your
“cash day” is coming, prediction?
I just got a message from them (spirit) that period, that's running very high and powerful,
and it is working in a very positive way. Did you know that’s not always the case.
Sometimes when the planets align it's not all positive. Great news, for this, as you just
asked about it, they're (spirit) saying that they're feeling this is going to run in a very
positive way.
Astrology becomes something which years ago people used to do, like Trump. I worked
with a woman who was THE astrologer for the Trump family. She did all of the
astrology for all of the Trump family, and it was delivered on Christmas Eve each year.
So Trump was very big into astrology and back in the day you had to sit and do them
and they were very time-consuming. Now everything's computerized.
Interviewer. That's cool. I think, like anything, Tia, anything in the best
hands, the people who are the best in the world at astrology, it can be very
useful. I think in the wrong hands it's useless.
Agreed.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 55 of 116
Coin Reviews and Targets!
Tia’s Portfolio
Note: While not listed here, I hold a little Bitcoin which I purchased back in late
2022 when we first started this group. I also hold a little Theta.
For all of the coins listed below, these are the coins I picked up over the years and
while I might not put together the same portfolio if starting from scratch today,I don’t
get rid of a coin after adding it to my portfolio until a target has been met or I feel it’s
time to let it go.
In short, if someone was starting from scratch today, they probably shouldn’t just
copy my portfolio. Instead, it might be smarter to go through all of the coins and
targets and pick a couple of large caps, mid caps and then one or two lottery bets
that might do a 50 X or go to zero. It’s about building a balanced risk/reward
portfolio spread over a few main categories (Layer-1, AI, RWA etc.) based on your
personal goals. Someone looking to get a 10 X in the next several months doesn’t
have the luxury of picking up the lowest risk coins like BTC, ETH, XRP, SOL etc as
they don’t have as much room to run “this cycle.” Just remember, generally
speaking, anything outside of the Top 100 carries huge risk.
TO BE CLEAR, you should make all necessary updates to the “Price” and
“Potential” category as needed. Some will have already changed by the time you’re
reading this!
Rank Token Price (Oct. 7) target potential
5 XRP*^ $2.86 $5, $8-$9 2.7-3.1 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: XRP. You're hitting that five
first. It's going to go to five first and then it will hit eight. It's going to have two jumps.
8 DOGE* $0.25 $0.70, then $2 2.8, 8 X
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 56 of 116
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: DOGE. You're going to get
your targets, all of them and when you go into the second period, you're going to see
the two dollar range. When is the second period? They (spirit) said the ground will be
frozen in the second period. They're either going to give it to me or not. I can't force it,
but this time they (spirit) gave me everything. The numbers and the timing. Hold on.
They’re (spirit) saying something. What's going on with DOGE? Our friends need to
make sure that they buy it, they need to make sure that they buy a little bit. Just tell our
people that they need to make sure that they buy it, and then when that flys and rings
our target, when that bell rings on that you take your money out.
10 ADA*^ $0.82 $6s 7.2 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Cardano is going to double
first, so it’ll go into the $1.50 to $2 range first. It's very favorable, people gravitate to it.
So that's going to show you some doubling in the nearer term. I don't know if you had
that projected? Some gap after that double to the next move. So from the doubling
there's going to be a little gap to the second move up, you're going to get a nice hit, a
move up to around that $6 range.
14 SUI*^ $3.45 $16, then $18-$20 4.6, 5.7 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Sui. That just has some
serious rocket fuel on it. I can't explain it, but it's got rocket fuel on it. I feel you're going
to get to your second targets pretty quickly and then we can reevaluate to see how
much gas is left in the tank. I would do the trajectory higher on the first target range you
have and then revisit to see if there’s more for the second target range. It's just... I mean
people, if you have it, God bless you because there's something with this coin, I don't
know what it is, but it's got some rocket fuel. If you want to spend a little bit more before
it takes off, I would purchase it.
It's weird, I can remember that coin coming up when I lived in the old house, when it
was brand new and I said wait a bit, it’ll drop and we have time to scoop it up. That’s
what it did and we got it when it was much lower. Here’s the good news, it’s still a good
price and you can still buy it.
38 TAO* $332 $5000-$6000 15-18 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Bittensor Tao. Keep your
target the same, but just know it can go way past that in the future. Tao's going to be
like a SUI type of coin. Total winner, rocket fuel. Tao's going to be another SUI type of
success story. I'm trying to figure out the word they’re (spirit) telling me right now,
almost like this is... People don’t understand this and it actually leads it to have this
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 57 of 116
crazy momentum, if that makes sense. People don't really understand it, but due to that,
it is making people so intrigued by it. It's like a la boo boo.
Interviewer: Right. It's one of the first open marketplaces for AI. If it works,
they're going to be a successful open marketplace for decentralized AI
apps, which is a mouthful, but to your point, it's a big deal.
Yeah, that's what I'm getting, is that people don't even know why they like it.
41 ONDO*^ $0.91 $3, $6, then $12-$14 3.5, 6.5, 15.3 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: You going to three first. Then
you'll get your six and then we revisit it from there because Ondo could stall out, Ondo
could do a jump to 3, 6 and then a stall until the next run up.
46 ICP* $4.44 $60-$70, then $80 13.5, 18 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: ICP. You could just keep that
as a yes to your targets and that distance between the sixty and the eighty will be
quicker than you think.
59 SEI*^ $0.29 $5s 17.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: SEI. Yes, the five range is a
good target and I don't know if that's going to pursue much after. I don't know if that's
going to stay around in that range for long. This is one we will need to take a close look
at to see what happens after. What I want you to do is I want you to look at that coin
when it hits around 4, that needs to be revisited as to whether we're going to see more.
This is good, but I don't know if they can have the duration up there.
60 RENDER*^ $3.38 high $50's, $75 17.1 X. 22 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Render. The fifties are fine
and it even has a great chance of getting up to 75.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 58 of 116
68 JUP*^ $0.44 $5, <$11 11 X, < 24.7 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: JUP. Yeah, you're going to
go in your first jump, they’re showing me a hard five. In the next move up, yes, we can
get to a little under 11.
72 ASI (FET)* $0.56 $11 19.6 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: ASI. You're getting 11.
85 AERO* $1.09 $5, then $9 - $10 4.5, 8.25+ X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: AERO. 5, then 9 to 10. This
one, is going to be a really hard hitter, fast once it really starts going, like good.
89 PYTH* $0.16 high $3's 25.2 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: PYTH. We're looking for
something in the high threes, $3 range. That's easy. We need to revisit that after though,
in the future, because I just want to know and make a note of this, they're (spirit) making
me feel like I can see it where I'm at now, but they're not showing me longevity on that,
so I want to make sure that I'm showing you what I'm seeing and that needs to be
revisited. While this has big potential for this “cycle” I don’t know if this is a multi year
big winner. Does that make sense to you?
Interviewer: Yes. Many projects are big in one cycle and then fade. We’ll
check on it down the road. We plan to be almost completely out of it if it
hits our targets so no worries, no stress. We will have time to reevaluate
all of these to see if we want to get back in at some point in the future. For
what it’s worth, if PYTH keeps plugging, they have a shot of picking up
market share from LINK, but we’ll see.
92 SONIC* $0.30 $4+ 13.3 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: SONIC. You're good with the
four plus a little.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 59 of 116
100 WIF* $0.74 $16-$17 21.6-22.9 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: WIF. 16 to $17 range and
then that's going to die. Probably smart to get out under that target. When that bell rings,
be done with it. Literally, if you hold on to that, we warned you.
153 SUPER*^ $0.58 $5, $11 8.6 X, 18.9 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Super. Yeah, you're going
to five first and then the 11 range.
178 AKT* $1.01 $10, $20, <$30 10 - 20 X, <29.7 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Akash. Yeah, you're going to
go, your installments go to 10 and then 20 and then maybe 30.
245 MINA*^ $0.16 $5, later on $11 30.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: MINA. 5, we can leave it there.
There’s a strong chance this becomes a long term play and off in the future you may get
to 11 on that. They (spirit) said that's going to be a slow steady coin, so that's one to
have in your possession as long as you're patient with it. It doesn't need to be a mover
because it has long range projection. That's what they (spirit) said. This one is more of
a long term type of bet so factor that in if it is something that’s important to you.
508 Arcblock*^ $0.64 $4, $20 6.25 X, 31 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Arcblok. Yeah, you get a
break after the first move, so that's going to be weird they (spirit) said, it's going to give
you like $4 and then your four is going to seem like it's insignificant, and it's going to be
weird because it'll do four and then it'll make quite a leap in its’ next run. So that's going
to be very weird in the perspective of a little bit and then a lot.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 60 of 116
1427 XPRT* $0.028 $1.20, high $2s, maybe $9+ 43, 90, 320 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: XPRT. Yeah, to 1.20 as a
key target. There’s a chance for more, but you know this is a lottery ticket. The
numbers are all over the place on this. This really is a hero or a zero. Fair warning.
Interviewer: It's one of our wild card bets. It's been one of the ones that
you've been like, "Listen, it's a lottery ticket, it's hero or zero, you might win
a shit ton on it or you might lose everything on it. It is what it is." It has
done nothing but go down. It's a high risk bet, but it's a fun little bet. It
feels so wrong to me, it’s probably right.
“Old man” large cap coins
Rank Token Price (Oct. 7) target potential
1 BTC $121,746 $130k-$140k 1.1 X-1.2 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Bitcoin. Keep our long
standing target. You're going to wake up in the morning coming up soon in the next
month, and it’s just going to be one day that it's just going to accelerate crazy and you're
going to be like, "Holy shit, today's the day, I just got my coffee. What the heck am I
seeing right now? Bitcoin went nuts." It's going to have just this massive growth spurt,
and it's going to be a day, and then it's going to drop down again, but it's just
everybody's got to watch the craziness that's coming up with the numbers, or I want to
put it this way, they (spirit) said, "You're going to watch things that you can't explain. It's
just going to be like one day, you get up with a cup of coffee and look and you are
shocked. Like how the f is Bitcoin at this level?" That day is almost here, and it's all
indicative of understanding that you're being shown where things will go in the future.
Here’s the other part of the message. Don't become a crybaby about it when it drops
after.
You're going to get that day and that's what they're (spirit) telling me and then it goes
down, but they (spirit) said to make sure you understand it. Don't get like a crybaby, oh,
it went up all the way today and then it plummeted back to normalcy because that's
where it's going to go. So they (spirit) are showing you.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 61 of 116
2 ETH $4,477 $8-$9k, then $14000 1.7, 3.1 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Ethereum. Keep our targets
the same as we’ve had them. They (spirit) showed me that four again.
Interviewer: Funny. You don't even know, this is so crazy. You would
never know this, but literally, you get that four for Ethereum so frequently,
T, and I'm always like, "Is that 4,000 or is it 14,000?" You were getting the
four back when Ethereum was just over a thousand and you're like, "It
feels higher than 4,000, let's call it 14," and now it's past 4,000 and you're
like, "I'm going to go with 8 and 9, then 14,000."
Well at least this is the only steady thing in my life. It's a dead guy who keeps coming
through for Ethereum, at least we're steady together. Everything else has its moments.
6 SOL^ $221.30 $850 3.8 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Solana. We’re going to keep
the target the same, but that's going to go to over $2000 later. That's got longevity on it
and it goes higher down the road. Let’s not confuse things, leave the target the same
and we can check back on it when it gets there.
12 LINK^ $21.94 $40, $80, then $100+ 1.8, 3.6, 4.5 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Chainlink is a monster. Keep
the target areas the same for now.
15 XLM^ $0.39 $4.00 10.3 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Stellar. $4 and it can even
go higher after, but we need to check on it when it hits the four. We may get a chance
for $8 later on, but I don’t want to put that as a near term target. Check back on it, but I
think I am getting an eight on that for another run.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 62 of 116
16 AVAX^ $28.09 $75, then $150-$200 2.6, 7.1 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Avax. I don't know why they
(spirit) said this. Yeah, there's potential, but the coin needs to show itself. What does
that mean? Let’s leave the target the same.
18 HBAR^ $0.23 $1.50 6.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: HBAR. Yes, leave it the
same.
19 LTC $117.30 $300s 2.5 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Litecoin. 300 is easy.
25 DOT $4.16 <$50 < 12 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Polkadot. That's just one of
those weird things that's just going to do it even though nobody pays attention to it. No
rhyme or reason, but it'll get there.
26 XMR $317.00 $1,400.00+ 4.4 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Monero. Why are they (spirit)
showing me something illegal about that coin. Maybe they will make it illegal?
Interviewer: There may be. You would never know this. It's a privacy
coin. The transactions can't be traced, so money launderers, people trying
to tax evade, you would never... Holy shit, you are on it. Yes T, bam. Yes,
you are right, but that's one of the attractive things about it because it can't
be censored. So while illegal activity no doubt occurs with it, freedom is
what it’s primarily about for the average Joe.
We don't care and it's out of the country. That is not in the United States. That is out of
the United States. When I tell you the most, you could pick the craziest weird place, like
Denmark, it's so off the beaten path of crypto, but yes, it's illegal for some of what it is
being used for.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 63 of 116
Interviewer: It is deemed illegal by some “authorities,” but because of that,
because they can't track it... Say someone came after you some day, the
government just decided one day, "Oh we don’t like Tia so we’re going to
freeze her bank accounts and take her money." With this, they can never
get to it, they can never touch it, they never can see it. Nobody even
knows about it. So there is, people who are legal even like that about it.
But it's going to continue to be a popular coin. Yeah, and I think we're going to exceed
that $1,400 target and you're going to need to keep your eye on the prize on this one
because it’s a case of, he who gets the last laugh. People laughed at this, but it has legs.
Interviewer: Yeah, I mean well said. It's so funny, you would never know
this. There's another one that's exactly... You know how there are multiple
coins that do the same type of thing, they kind of compete. There's
another one that's like Monero, it's called ZCash and out of nowhere just a
few days ago, ZCash just rocketed up, like what the heck? And it just shot
up. It's the same type of thing. Crazy, you would never know that.
45 POL $0.24 $2.20, $5 9.2X, 20.8 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Polygon is going to go up to
five, Polygon's got a little weirdness to it, but that's going to be another delectable for no
reason. I know it has the Layer-2 use case you talk about, but People are just going to
gravitate to that, maybe in a large fund or something. It will have a really big buying
thrust, I'd say more in the winter time frame.
55 ALGO^ $0.22 <$5 < 21.5 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Algo. Yes, a little bit under
five. I remember over 2 years ago calling this the Tortuous and it would eventually have
it’s day in the sun, just slower than many when we first looked at it a couple of years
ago. It’s a good one for those who were patient.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 64 of 116
Community favorites & new tokens
Rank Token Price (Oct. 7) target potential
11 Hyperliquid $45.24 $200.00 4.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Hyperliquid. Need to bump
that up. Easy. That's a money machine. However, that does not have a long term on
that. Just remember it’s more of a “this cycle” type of coin. I feel you could raise that to
the 200 range. This is very weird. They're (spirit) showing me like this is good in a
period of time, but then when they show me further out it isn’t good. They're showing
me on that, that this is going to be here and then it's going to stop. Take it up to maybe
$200 and then be done. Don’t press this too far. If you want to be greedy to 400 or
some higher figure, you're going to be sitting with knowing you lost and don't cry to
others about it.
23 TON $2.75 $50? 18.1 X?
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: TON. Yes, keep the targets
the same.
36 NEAR^ $2.95 $50s 16.9 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: NEAR. Yeah, keep the target
the same, but then it's going to correct, like pretty much everything will.
37 ASTER $2.07 $4, $8 (maybe +) 2, 4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Aster. Keep the targets the
same, but there’s a caution on this. You need to know something. They (spirit) said the
people who put this out didn't do all of the necessary work on this coin yet, so that is
part of the “fun” moving forward, they put this coin out and kind of said, "Hey, let's “f”
around and find out." It is doing better than they anticipated and they didn't put all the
fuel in the car yet. They’re scrambling and sometimes that’s when mistakes happen.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 65 of 116
56 PENGU $0.03 $.20 - $0.30 6 X to 9.8 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: PENGU. Yeah, I'm not in
love with this. We can leave the target the same or maybe lower it some. I don't feel
this is a buyer's market on that.
61 Plasma $0.91 $5 then revisit 5.5 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Plasma. They (spirit) made
the five very clear on the first trajectory and then you need to revisit that. I'm going to tell
you that's going one or two ways. You can mark it. It can go either way. This is not a
SUI or TAO or GRASS or GUNZ or DOGE or like some of the coins where I just get a
lot of juice and they are more energized. Plasma is either going to be a blow it out or
it's going to fail. This is going to be one of those coins that it's not, oh, we're going to sit
and twiddly-dink with it. It's either going to make it or break it, and they (spirit) said
you're going to know that after the five dollar marker.
66 DoubleZero (2Z) $0.44 $4.40 10 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: DoubleZero. Yeah, I would
keep that coin if I had it. This can be a good one that nobody knows about or is talking
about yet. That's going to be a slow run for a bit, but I definitely feel that there is
longevity on it. Since I’m not getting a number, let’s just start with $4.40 and take it
from there. Yeah, that's what I would do. You're going to get longevity out of that
point. They’re (spirit) telling me the word is, they're telling me it's rock-solid. This
is something we need to make sure we cover somewhat regularly. Chip picked this
one. Nice one, Chip. Yeah, gotta show Chip a little favoritism on coin requests once
and awhile because he spends a lot of time building out these coin straw man
databases for all of us.
75 INJ^ $12.46 $170-$180 13.6-14.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Injective. Keep the target the
same. We need to share that it is going to be a little sleepy at first, but then when it
moves, it's going to move, so you're not going to see... You're not going to feel like it's
perpetual. It's sleepy and then when it runs it's going to have big runs. I even feel it gets
closer to the $180 on it’s final push. Target can be $170 to $180. If you're looking for
that to give you this warm and fuzzy in the beginning, you’re not getting that. You need
to be patient on that coin.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 66 of 116
78 TIA $1.45 $21, $50 13.7-34.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: TIA. Look for 21 and then
more. I’d just keep the targets the same, but keep your expectations in check as far as
things happening quickly on this. All of a sudden, these messages today, everything is
just so explicit.
Interviewer: I prayed for this. Not that it has anything to do with me, but I
asked for super clarity, from good for good. That would really help the
group and just make this thing something that stands the test of time and
people could come back to it in the future and go, "Wow, this was amazing.
There's no other explanation than she was getting information from spirit."
I prayed that it would be something like this too, and you're getting crazy
stuff.
You must have prayed really hard because they (spirit) woke me up last night, so good
job, Pete and Lisa. Now I have sinus headache today.
91 GRT^ $0.082 $1.20 14.6 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: GRT. Keep the target the
same. $1.20, easy.
98 EIGEN $1.98 $15 7.5 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: EIGEN. We're looking for
$15. Easy.
Background: Received $100M in capital/backing from A16Z. It is a protocol that
enables Ethereum stakers to "restake" their assets to secure additional decentralized
services (AVSs)
102 THETA^ $0.73 $11 14.9 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Theta. Keep it at 11. Theta
will have its day in the sun. You know this has the AI narrative attached to it in some
way and that helps it.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 67 of 116
123 DEEP $0.12 $1 then revisit 8 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: DEEP. We're looking for
about a buck. Yeah, you'll get that and then we need to revisit it. This could do well, but
I only want to commit to around one dollar right now. This is a first look and I try to be
careful with these. Yes, potential for more, but let’s play it safe and revisit it.
131 HNT^ $2.47 $50, $70s 20 X, 28.3 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Helium. The symbol is H-N-T.
You're going to the fifty range first, you know that right? Higher forties to fifty something
range. And then we'll put seventies as a secondary target. Yeah, that needs to have
two jumps.
141 Linea $0.03 $0.15-$0.30 5 X-11.4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Linea. .15 to .30 maybe, but
I’m not in love with this. Not a superstar from what they (spirit) are showing me today.
Background: Linea is an Ethereum Layer-2 scaling solution developed
by ConsenSys that uses zero-knowledge proofs for faster, cheaper transactions, while
also channeling value back to the Ethereum mainnet through ETH burning and staking.
It is backed by ConsenSys, a major blockchain software firm led by Ethereum cofounder
Joseph Lubin, and supported by a consortium including Eigen Labs.
161 BERA $2.58 $30, then more 11.6 X+
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Berachain. Yeah, $30 and
then you're going to get another jump after that. This is going to be one of those kind of
stick around and grow projects which is a good thing. Not many stick around and have
staying power.
188 Avantis (AVNT) $0.97 $6, $8-$10 6 - 8.2-10 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: AVNT. Drop down for a first
period target. I just think we need to go more on the lower side... They're (spirit)
showing me a six. Then maybe $8 to $10 later. We need to revisit this one when we get
the 6.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 68 of 116
Background: Avantis crypto refers to the AVNT token, which is the native token of the
Avantis decentralized perpetuals exchange (DEX) platform. Avantis is built
on Coinbase's Base chain and allows users to trade crypto and real-world assets
(RWAs) like forex and commodities with leverage. It is backed by prominent investors
including Peter Thiel's Founders Fund, Pantera Capital, and Galaxy Digital.
232 TFUEL $0.031 $0.40 12.9 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: TFuel. Yep, forty cents. Okay.
241 GRASS $0.85 $15-$20 17.6-23.5 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Grass. $15 to $20. When that
finally takes off, that's a rocket ship. Don't ask me why, that's what they’re (spirit)
showing me. It's way under the radar right now and it's got some muscle. It's got big
potential, I'll say that. It really does. This can exceed our target later on down the road.
Like all of them, will have a pull back after it rocket ships. I’m adding this to my
portfolio.
273 PEAQ $0.13 $1.20 and revisit 9.2 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: PEAQ. I would go to 1.20 on
this one and then revisit. We will find out in a make it or break it moment around $1.20.
This has potential, this is either going to do well or just fade away.
Background: peaq is a Layer 1 blockchain designed to power the DePIN (Decentralized
Physical Infrastructure Network) and the machine economy. It enables devices and
machines to operate autonomously and generate value, with backing from investors
like Animoca Brands and Borderless Capital, note, article in yahoo finance.
341 OSMO $0.16 $4 25.8 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: OSMO. Is it possible to hit $4?
Yeah, it is. Maybe, it’s forgotten for now, but it can wake up. I wouldn’t throw in the
towel on it just yet.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 69 of 116
629 Supra $0.0024 $.0008 - $.09 revisit 4 .4 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Supra. They gave me eight,
nine, so I would think eight or nine cents and then we need to check on it. Could it be
the decimal is somewhere else? Shit, I don’t know. Factor in that I can see They’re
going to try and pump this, from the inside, whatever that means. Hey, it may work, it
may not. I’m not feeling rock solid on this one, not today.
660 Zeus $0.12 $1.20, maybe $3? 10 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Zeus. It has two potentials. It
could hit a $1.20, after it hits that buck 20, it has a $3 above it that it could reach. Right?
But that's only going to be if we can hit that $1.20 to see the variable if it has the balls to
move or if it's going to burn out.
Background: Zeus is a new Solana-based DeFi token. It makes Bitcoin programmable,
like Ethereum, creating DeFi opportunities like lending.
735 GUNZ $0.028 $0.75-$0.80, then $1.25 26.9-44.9 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: GUNZ. When it gets going,
it's going to run hot. These targets may seem high to some, but leave the targets. Yeah,
it's going to run hot. We're going to have to change that second number somewhere in
the future to something higher. I don't know if you want to put an asterisk or
something, but there's, for all the ones that we know that have massive potential
to move forward, I really think that's going to kind of surprise us. I’m buying
some. I’m also adding some GRASS to my portfolio after seeing everything today.
GUNZ and GRASS, what a combination. Sounds dangerous, right. Someone’s
going to ask me one day how I got rich and I’m going to say “Easy, guns and
grass.”
904 Portal $0.037 $.850 22.97 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Portal. We're looking for 85
cents or even a bit over a dollar. I know people have given up on this one, but I feel
that's easy.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 70 of 116
970 TELOS $0.04 revisit
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: I’m getting crickets on this.
Maybe that’s your answer. We need to revisit this. Sorry, I know you were asking for
one of our friends.
1263 HGPT $0.01 $0.85-$0.95 78.9-88.2 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: HGPT. They (spirit) told me
it's abandoned. Maybe a speculative run, but then I would get out of it quick. It’s like
there’s nothing there now.
Interviewer: Fair enough. You’re probably right. It was one that was
pumped and ran up for a time and now it has completely dumped. It
should still get a nice speculative run when AI starts moving, but we’ll
share your exact message. That’s what we care about. I wouldn’t buy it,
but at this price I don’t know that I would sell it either. That’s my two cents.
NFA.
3643 WELL $0.024 $0.50-$0.75, then $1.74 20.8-72.5 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: Moonwell. Yes, fast run
when it moves, leave the targets. This can get hot, but get out after you’ve made some
money.
3814 EOS $0.40 $2 < 5 X
Tia’s message from spirit on 8 October 2025 follows: EOS. Maybe two. Not a big
winner.
* = Tia's Coin Portfolio. Note: added GRASS and GUNZ
^ = American token
*^ = both!
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 71 of 116
Wrapping up crypto!
I want to finish up our crypto portion of the annual report with what I believe is one of the
most important messages.
They (spirit) shared something earlier, and they (spirit) want me to emphasize it. There
will be two distinct groups of people. Those who got into crypto early and those who
didn’t.
There will be the haves and the have-nots. This IS the “next” revolution. Some will say
AI, okay, but this plays into that.
For your own good, some of you have to try and calm yourselves when it comes to the
daily and weekly market moves. You have to shift now into “Pro” (professional) mode.
They (spirit) are showing me this is like, over the course of human history, this is one of
those very rare opportunities to “move up” the ladder financially.
Back in the day, royalty had all the money, and you needed to be born into it. Then we
had the energy and industrial revolutions and new titans grew from nothing. Then we
had the technology and information revolutions and fortunes were made seemingly
overnight.
We are now in the early innings of crypto and you guys have a big leg up. All you have
to do is remain calm and play the 7-year game. I hope that hits home. This isn’t like
anything I have ever seen. This is big, big, big! Like crazy big. A life changing
opportunity and you have a front row seat and you’re in the game.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 72 of 116
Global & Spiritual (Non-Crypto)
Non crypto theme for 2026?
Dare I say it. Let’s pray and we can neutralize this. A major problem that we have in
2026, that they have to squash, which is problematic around the world, is terrorism. We
are completely threatened and that ‘s going to be a problem because it affects many
things, including our financial status and our apparatus.
They have to get a hold of, you're going to see so many problems in Europe with
terrorism. That’s going to be a problem and it will only be exacerbated because they're
already holding everything down financially right now. They (Europe) are presenting a
false front in the way they are backing Ukraine with money they don’t have. It’s
breaking them and they don’t want Putin to know this, but he does.
There are cracks in Europe. Such a combination of factors and it could have been
addressed and avoided. It’s too late now. Until they decide to get a grip on things, all
this majesty bullshit, they have to get a grip on the financial and terrorist factor right now,
they have to get a grip on it because if you don't think that that is going to drive a wedge
financially with the stock market, currency and crypto, it will, and that's what's going to
be the catalyst to getting a grip on it. Because something really catastrophic is going to
happen and that’s what it takes for people to wake up. Reread what I just said.
Catastrophic impact financially for Europe in the next year or so and they will be forced
to take action and make big changes to their system. Will they get things functional?
Yes, but not without people losing more confidence in their system. It feels like they are
just waiting for it to break so they can do what they want. Yeah, you’re going to see the
crazy CBDC stuff and more controls in Europe. So sad! As I have been warning for
years, people need to unite and peacefully fight this.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 73 of 116
The Next US President.
They (spirit) just said the successor after Trump is already in place. Do I think it's Vance?
Most probable, yes. The successor is already in place and Trump will still be pulling all
of the strings.
They're (spirit) saying that Trump will not leave this office completely until his death. So
I’m not saying Trump will have an official third term, but he will be pulling the strings.
Trump, even from the grave will have lasting impact and I’m not saying he won’t make it
through his term. I’m saying he will be present during the next presidency, the primary
influence.
Did you hear that Musk, as we published months ago, he let go of that whole third party
nonsense. He said, "I think I'm going to let go of that nonsense and I think I'm going to
back Vance." That's what Musk recently said.
Listen, Musk went so on the DL (down low) . You don't really hear of him much, do you?
Not like you did months ago. You don't see him much. And if people really can’t see why,
they’re head is in the sand. That whole blow up between he and Trump was
orchestrated like a wresting match and it worked. It needed to be just believable
enough so the wackadoodles would leave Elon and his businesses alone. This thing
was set up by Trump for the average Joe to believe there was really an argument
because now nobody's setting Teslas on fire and they‘re opening new Tesla places and
Tesla will recover and already is. Tesla will expand its projects and services too. And I
think what people are going to be surprised about is Elon will bring big time functionality
in with Tesla and be adding in fuel. I don't think he's going to stay all electric.
Elon will not stay all electric. Bottom line, when Tesla, when they were keying them,
blowing them up and they blew one up in front of the hotel in Vegas, Trump said, "Listen,
you were a catalyst to getting me elected and they're going to ruin everything that
you've worked for and done." So a staged break up and if you've noticed, Elon went
very quiet relative to what he had been and now he is being left alone to rise up again.
Like we shared months ago when it first happened, that was planned.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 74 of 116
AI and mass unemployment?
There can be good to it, there can be bad to it, like most things.
Here's the thing with AI, you know it is progressing quickly. I mean you do a search on
your phone or anything. You're getting the best answers you ever got and you're getting
them quick so you can already see the evolution of it. There are lots of different
projections on this. What percent of jobs do you think will be replaced by AI? Is it less
than 50% in 5 to 10 years? Is it more?
So if you haven’t by now, you will start seeing more and more predictions about what
percent of jobs will be replaced in the next 5 to 10 years by AI. Those predictions are
mostly coming from forward thinking people. How do I say this, the early adopters are
often right on the concept but wrong about the “how long it takes” aspect. I can see
conceptually they are right, they are just way early in their fantasy of how it plays out.
This (AI) will take much much longer then they think. 10 to 20 years before all of the
kinks are worked out and it has replaced the bulk of human jobs. This isn’t anything
people need to have on their bingo card as far as mass unemployment in the next 5
years. You can chill. Am I saying this isn’t important? No. It is, but it’s more in the
future where we’re looking at challenging aspects of job displacement and who knows
what solutions may come into play by then. That being said, best to get your financial
house in order now, early in this game and as I have already stated, best to get your
financial house in order in the next 5 years as that is when you have some of the best
opportunities.
I really feel that everything set on this course, which is AI, is extremely premature. I feel
that it's being said to the public of being this superstar and ready for prime time. Listen,
AI is the next thing and it is a big deal, but we’re in the very early innings on this. Think
about it like crypto in 2010. And the bugs and the kinks are plentiful, needless to say. It
can't be in the place of humans to every degree. All of this information, just run by AI,
no, not for some time. The sensitivity of being broken into by your enemy is far too high.
And you're going to see major casualties by people that take this to the extent
prematurely. We already had a man... I mean this guy was using AI to diagnose his
sick mother and it gave advice to him to go ahead and kill himself and his mother?
I feel in 15 to 20 years it takes over probably 20 to 50% of jobs because accountants,
most doctors, lawyers, you talk about any of the finance advisors, you just talk about
nine out of 10 engineers, nine out of 10 jobs, they generally only get messed up
because of people. And a computer can already do them better than people. That
being said, listen, it's going to be sold as it's going to fix everything in five to 10 years or
take over in five, 10 years, but you're looking more 10 to 20, especially for the “higher
responsibility” type of things.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 75 of 116
I'm getting the word radical. It has a very radical problem to it. I know that. So we have
done work in the supernatural spiritual realm, we have found that we know through the
internet that evil has a really strong placement in it. There are certain things in the dark
web that you could watch and there is literally, you could be possessed by watching that
video.
So we know this about the internet, we know this, the people like me who do what I do,
we know about this and have known about this. Now we’re talking AI, this is hand in
hand. This isn't just something of saying, "We're going to look at this and this is going to
be our next revolutionary way of having things done." There's always the good, the bad
and the ugly. And that's the part for us (light workers) that we worry about. Many who
are like me, we worry about how this will transfer as far as evil being able to take over
your children? That kind of a thing. The web in general and technology in general has
allowed the devil so much power on the planet.
Bottom line, computers are just computers. They are not human beings. They are
computers. There is a massive spiritual component to life, not computers. We are not
humans having a spiritual experience on earth. It is the other way around. We are
spiritual beings having a human experience and it is best not to forget that. Sometimes
I tire of people who don't decipher that.
Listen, if you just go by the book and the code and the rule, you don't need parents or
leaders. A parent or a mentor or a true leader is someone who can factor in all the
human elements and then make adjustments based upon the whole picture. It's not just
ones and zeros or black and white always. Human beings, there's more to it. What
about love and connection.
Career wise, go to where you are drawn. Sure, go towards spiritual careers, go towards
personal experience careers, go towards those things that can't be replaced by
computers. However, there’s a lot of time before we’re looking at “mass mass layoffs”
from AI. You’re getting the dooms day messages right now and maybe that’s okay
because as long as you don’t let it bring you to your knees in fear, you can start to
calmly think about it while there’s plenty of time.
I think it's very true that there are certain jobs that will be eliminated. Listen, there have
already been jobs that have been resourced over to computers since you and I grew up.
Listen, it's not going to happen as quick as they say, but it will happen over time. I feel
people are rushing the whole thing.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 76 of 116
Charlie Kirk assassination?
Charlie Kirk's death was 100% put in motion and done by someone else. That guy who I
saw they would catch, even before they caught him, he didn’t do it. Nothing about that
gun made any sense.
Tyler Robinson was initiated by someone in college. When I look at things, remember
when it first happened, you asked me “will they ever “catch or get” anyone for this?”
When you initially asked, I got surface info and was able to share they would catch
someone and gave a description of who that person was, but most people know we
need to look deeper on this.
What I believe is that he was recruited in college. Once he got recruited, this was a
very young man and they said... I feel there was a form of MK Ultra done. I think along
with the MK Ultra was the threat that they were going to kill his whole family. And I feel
MK Ultra together along with the threat, you just go up on the roof and then we just
need you to do X, Y and Z. Just me on this next point, not spirit, but I think it was
Mossad. I shouldn’t give my personal opinion, but I think Mossad was involved.
I feel there was a drone, and I don't even think there was a shooter in the traditional
sense.
Question from interviewer: It's funny because here's the thing, when we
initially asked you about this, you said, "All I can tell you is I see them
catching a young man, one person is who they catch.” You just said, "I
see them catching just one young man and he's like, he's got mental
illness, he's messed up in the head.” You said that before they caught him.
And when they caught the young man and it matched your description, I
didn't ask you, because I didn't think to, is there more to this story, and
that's what this question's about.
The dead giveaway is the World War II gun. I don’t have all the answers on this, nobody
does. What I am certain of, what’s very cliear, this was something that was way into a
political arena.
Do I think that Trump knows about this? 100%. Do I think this will ever be made public?
No.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 77 of 116
Supreme Court ruling on Trump’s
“Emergency tariffs?”
I see them going through, but they may need to be altered in some way.
Here’s what nobody is factoring in right now. Something is going to happen prior to that.
Something will happen that is almost going to knock it down a little bit. So, he's (Trump)
going to do something of grace that's going to be really good for the country and then
it's almost going to make that where it's predicated, look, this guy's (Trump) doing what
he's going to do. The last thing we need to do is knock that down now.
So, I feel like he's (Trump) again in the chess game and before that goes to final court
ruling, something is going to be done by him. And they're going to be like they can't
disrupt the entire United States or at least not 100%.
Trump and the aliens, not like “illegal
aliens” some talk about!
I can see another species is helping Trump. I did just see a lot of light around it (the
other species). Light which penetrated from the inside, not like when you see something
illuminated which is more angelic.
I saw a figure and then I saw an illumination. This was something where the light was
coming out of the mouth, it was inside of it, engulfed in it. Angelic beings are different
from this. Angelic beings don't look like that or communicate the same way. So I saw
that part of it. That’s another species. That’s, call it what you will, alien. And this
particular species helping Trump is benevolent, helpful to humanity.
You know there are many species of “aliens” and some are helpful/good while others
are not. I have seen giant beings, they're just enormous and dangerous and nasty and
horrible. We also know of the bad in a demonic fashion as well, that they can be these
enormous beings, bigger than you can imagine. So I feel many people misconstrue
between the two worlds. I went off on a tangent there. Bottom line, I see Trump has
guidance that's being given from both the angelic side and the “other species” side as
well.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 78 of 116
You want to know what this species looks like? This will sound bat shit crazy to some of
our friends, but it’s the annual report so let’s just let it fly. It looks like a Gecko, but more
of a human form. When you watch the Geico commercials, that little shit in those
commercials, if you were to take that, but make it more of a, not green, and it's more of
a translucent being that's not a tiny being, bigger. That's what it looks like to me, but
the light comes from within. That was the striking part, when I saw that.
He's not of this world, completely, Trump. He is not of this world in a sense, and I get
angry when people say that he is evil and you know why? Because it's the same
principle of what people say about me. They say that because I have a gift. They say
that because I get the messages that I get that I have to have them come from evil and
it’s just really the dumbest lie perpetuated by the people who know the least. That is
one of the biggest pet peeves of my life.
Do you know how many passages there are in the Bible about the few with strong
psychic gifts, I'm not saying I’m a “prophet,” but prophets get messages. It's over and
over and over again in recorded history and really what the Bible's talking about are
people with abilities or who get messages from Spirit. It's in so many passages in the
Bible. It's crazy. But then, listen, it's (the bible) a man-made book and we all know that.
So we all know that it's a man-made book and there are going to be exceptions to the
rule and that some things are not truthful and I think that’s where zealots start going into
the mediumship and all of that, that's so contradicted to what the perception of a
prophet is. It just doesn't make sense where it makes that turn, but it does.
In a nutshell, to stay on point, I feel like Trump is definitely on the light side. I feel like
he has been fighting tremendous evil. Tremendous, tremendous that has been at play
here for so long.
Summing this seemingly crazy thread up, Trump is working with other species. The
alien world and the world of crossing over to that dimension, they all kind of coincide
together, and when I was doing some work last week, I was able to take myself to a
calm place. I was by myself and all of a sudden I saw this light beam working with him
(Trump) and I'm like, so he is really getting a lot of other information. I saw him (Trump)
working with a light beam. We also have the divine world really working on keeping him
safe. Bottom line, Trump is getting a lot of help from the “heavens” and other “species.”
He has a job to do. There's a job that's a little bit more than just, "Oh, let's orchestrate
as the President." It’s more involved than just that. So Trump is being definitely guided.
People are going to think this sounds crazy.
Can you tell us more about Trump and the Alien?
I feel that “being” is telling Trump in advance what the plans are around the world, and
that's why he's making the moves with Putin and other country leaders. Just bear with
me while I get this out. I’m going to be a little all over the place for a minute, but I want
to get this out.
The “being” is telling him, "Oh, they've got a bomb set to do this," or, "They're going to
go do that," and this is going to be, because if they go to war with each other, of course
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 79 of 116
it affects the entire universe. So now all of a sudden, and for people that don't know,
some of the largest human trafficking is in the Ukraine. And for people that don't know
that, that is a fact.
So he has the meeting with Putin and he has the meeting with Zelensky and announces
one week later, all of a sudden the priority of the First Lady is that there are going to be
children found and that human trafficking is going to come to a halt. Guess what? That's
because he met with Zelensky because it's rampant in his country.
Aliens inhabit the Earth before
humans?
“Aliens” didn't inhabit this Earth before humans, but...
But they did come here over the millennia and interact with humans. Of great
importance, they were catalysts for great advancements for humans ... Please share
this with the group. I had an Uber driver last week, and the Uber driver was from Egypt.
He said he grew up there and went on to say the history in Egypt, all Egyptians who
grew up there know that otherworldly help was provided.
Some debate the origin of the pyramids. Okay, if you don’t believe “aliens” were
involved in any capacity, okay, then let’s move on to mummification. I did autopsies
(present for) for many years as a police detective. And so, one of the things that
fascinates me about mummification is that I don't know if you know this, or not, but they
would shrink the brain and pull it through the nostril with something that looked like a
crochet needle.
So, where did the chemicals come from? So, the chemicals ... we also know the
bandages were also treated with chemicals. How did they know to shrink a brain to be
able to pull it out of a nostril? Again, I've been involved in a ton of autopsies and it's
next to impossible, even today.
And so, many things had to be brought here, and even if you question the whole
extraterrestrial, you have to question and look at the materials they had.
You can see where there have been examples of introductions and leaps of technology
that you know were given to the human race by aliens. It's these gifts for us to build on,
and then they lead to big leaps.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 80 of 116
There are things that are unexplained, but they're only unexplained to those who don’t
seek information.
There's so much more than we could even ever imagine, and look at the government.
There are many different variations of aliens or call them what you’d like. And, yes, I
believe they're referenced in the Bible.
Bottom line, it might be challenging for some to wrap their heads around, but this, our
existences are just dimensions that we live in.
I do believe they (alien species) utilize the ocean. The ocean is something that's very
vast. I do believe there's good people, bad people, and I feel there are good
extraterrestrials, and then there's the not so good. And I feel they have their own wars
among themselves.
Not to get too crazy, but this is the annual report so I’m a little more blunt. There's the
impregnation, all of that, of wanting to cross with, the different blood types, all of that, I
think there's been a little bit of “fuck around, find out.”
There are many different species of extraterrestrials. More than 10 but I don't see that
there are hundreds.
Will we have a “watershed” moment
where the global population comes
face to face with an alien species? A
moment when it’s known as fact by
the masses?
I think, really, truly, I just want people to realize that while you may be able to handle
this, most people can't handle this. If you look at the sheer number of people who
couldn’t manage the fear, uncertainty, and challenges that came with “COVID,” do you
really think they're ready to see an alien at a press conference with global leaders or a
spaceship parked in DC, NYC, London, Paris, Moscow or wherever? Let's just keep it
real. No mass contact that is undeniable and accepted as truth by the majority, it would
put too many people on tilt. You know this. It’s a fantasy some keep perpetuating. Not
happening in my lifetime.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 81 of 116
Pretty much what you have seen over the years, there's a trickle out of information, and
sightings, and so it continues for now. Any one with half a brain and an ounce of
curiosity knows “we are not alone.” Bottom line, the “alien” situation remains status quo
and it's not changing next year or the year after or the year after. There's no mass
introduction to the aliens in the ... You're not going to meet them next year.
The fragility of human psychology aside, there’s something else people need to
understand. There are contamination risks, to some degree. That’s what they’re (spirit)
showing me. Interaction can bring increased radiation levels. There can be a
dangerous physical aspect here, of interaction.
The truth about comet A1 Atlas?
I'm not a big fan of the whole comet thing and I'm going to tell you why. Because they
always love to blow it out of proportion, try to make it like a movie where it's going to hit
the earth and we all know it never gets here. So, I really don't waste my time too much
on flying rocks.
Q: Okay. So we all know A1 Atlas refers to the third known interstellar object, formerly
designated C1 Atlas, an interstellar comet discovered in 2025. Its unique, fast-moving
object that came from beyond our solar system, showing signs of being a comet with a
large amount of carbon dioxide. While it's a comet, it's unusual composition and
characteristics have led to speculate theories including the possibility it could be an
artificial spacecraft. So this A1 comet, is it just a comet or a spacecraft or what?
I feel it's a comet. They (spirit) aren’t telling me anything else so that’s my final answer.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 82 of 116
More on Trump!
As much as they try to push him down, he rises up.
I see he has a mole, he has a mole that's in his tight knit group. And I feel like there's
going to be some sort of a disagreement with a family member and that family member
is going to be a mole. And I don't know why, but my brain and my left eye kept going to
Ivanka's husband. Jared Kushner. He doesn't get along with Trump's boys. He's
outsourced. I feel there's trouble down the pike with him.
Trump really does love this country. I mean, you have to see the symbols I’m seeing
that surround him, the White House, the heart, all the decisions, how he doesn't want to
let the American people down. Yes, there is a little egocentric aspect to him, but who
wouldn't be, you're the president. I'm sure all of them were egocentric. You don’t even
run for president unless you are egocentric, right.
There's a new grand baby that will come into his life within the next year to two years.
So, the family continues to grow with a lot of abundance around it and health and family
life, which he considers to be extremely important.
Trump has some health issue, but it would be a manageable one. I don't feel like it's
something critical and it's just more manageable, meds, etc., stress, those kinds of
things that would cause something to just be worse.
So, I feel like he's really being watched over as far as his health is concerned, and
they're already running the campaign for the next election in their minds. There's three
years left of his term, they're already running that entire show already of that election.
Right now, as mentioned, it’s going to be Vance. That is most probalbe and I feel Kirk
would've been the running mate until what happened to him.
They want to keep everything tight, in where it is. They're not looking to bring in any
newbies, any newbie Republicans that are not partaking in what's happening now.
Out of loyalty and function and who they know and trust. There's a trust symbol. So
yeah, so we've got a good two years looking forward with Trump. Bumps in the road,
yes, but solutions come.
Trump is going to go under severe pressures because of threats... There are so many
threats upon his life and his family's life, which is very sad in our day and age. He’s
basically running a war to try and end wars. But the difference between the wars that
we've had to deal with that you partook in, for instance, we brought people over there,
left them, made them fight. This president doesn't do that. This man accelerates, takes
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 83 of 116
his men and women, brings the heat and bombs until it’s done. And that's what I feel is
going on. And I do see tensions very high between him and Netanyahu.
Again, they're (opposition to Trump) so frustrated and blocked in every aspect of how
they want things to go. I mean, I just said to my girlfriend the other night, I said, "I hope
the Secret Service is doing their due diligence for Trump’s children because there's
nothing more painful in life than to lose a child." And this is something for me that really
hits home hard is that I don't think people are even a quarter aware of how in jeopardy
his children are.
the level of jeopardy right now on his children is so high. And I think people realize a
portion of that, but they (the opposition) want, I mean, look at the way they killed Charlie
Kirk. I don't know why they did not do a better job protecting him. I don't know why he
wasn't better protected. Do you know he was a potential VP candidate for the next
election? He was being considered and “they” new it and that is why he was
assassinated.
Bottom line, setbacks, sure, but overall, for Trump and the US, it’s going to be amazing.
It's not going to be good, it's going to be amazing. He (Trump) wants to make history.
And for all of the positive reasons, not like the other ding dongs that put up statutes for
fentanyl dealers. This is going to be someone that is going to create history for all the
right reasons, for net positive.
We will have some challenges next year with the debt, but he will be able to fix those
challenges. So, economically, probably somewhat of a mixed bag next year, but
whatever challenges, we'll get back on our feet and start chugging forward again.
I feel next year for us the process begins for Trump showing people what it's like to
have lived in America in the past where we dominated, and we actually made money,
and didn't live like we were on food lines.
And the other thing that I love is he's going to start fixing, and cleaning up the
homelessness. It takes time, but it is on the list of things to get moving in the right
direction.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 84 of 116
King Charles?
King Charles does not have long to go. They're literally keeping him alive. Not much
else to say about that.
The Pope?
The Pope, they're (spirit) telling me the Pope has been laying very low. The Pope has
not been out there with political messages and has been very quiet.
I feel this Pope wants to keep his distance from politics. I feel he wants to run the
church and he'll feel... But he's picking and choosing. He does not want to be a political
person. He kind of feels, and he knows, he's very, very, very concerned. He's very
concerned for what I was talking about the past few years. The battle between light and
dark.
He was very concerned over the battle between good versus evil, the warfare of religion.
He's watching it. So, he's not really going to be heavy duty on the politics, because
that's what the real problem is, we are immersed in that right now.
2026 Mid Term Elections in the US
More important than most realize right now. Republicans come out on top in a big
enough way to give Trump enough power to get things done and then the markets find
a new strong footing. Is it any coincidence when you asked me when I saw Bitcoin
bottoming next year and I felt the highest probability was in the end of year time frame?
When are the mid term elections? Yep, November 2026. Remember how we took off
around election time in 2024? Well, history doesn’t repeat but it sometimes rhymes.
Don’t get things confused, we’re gong to have plenty of scares next year, but just know
there’ll be a turn around and most likely around the mid term elections in the US. And
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 85 of 116
remember I see a new new deal coming. Funny how I got those words. Let’s see what
happens.
Is there potential for a great
depression in five to 10 years?
You know I don’t like playing into this type of energy. I will say, depending upon who
comes in office, there is potential for this.
Will we ever get rid of the IRS?
I believe in my heart of hearts, I believe that Trump wants to in every way, shape and
form, make history, and he wants the history books to be set forth after you and I leave
this planet of the things that he has done that have never been done before. And I feel
one of them is that, and I feel part of the tariff and IRS reform is what he is trying to pull
off.
Trump always said he wanted to do away with the IRS, but major reform and a different
IRS is what I see potential for. However, we always said there was never going to be a
perfect plan and that maybe it (IRS) would be altered and at some stage, but he’s
trying... Now, this is my opinion, but I feel in my gut he (Trump) wants to change
America so much in this term that people will never want to let him go.
Will we ever get rid of the Fed?
I don't feel that'll be completely gone. You have to remember, it can be leveraged at
times and Trump will leverage it next year. I modification is definitely part of his plan.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 86 of 116
Is there potential for World War Three
in the next five to 10 years?
Absolutely, the stakes are high. Once again, it depends on who's in office. Virtually
every war is rooted in some perverted version of a religion. From the beginning of time,
and that's what people don't realize. They always think, I mean unless Hillary Clinton is
involved in Benghazi then it's another story, but the general rule of why we're at war is
the difference of religion and right now we know where the problem is.
Precious Metals - Gold & Silver
Stop! Don’t “FOMO” in now! People are now thinking Gold will just keep going up and
their falling into the same old psychological trap that always seems to get the better of
the “average Joe” investor.
It’s just doing what you guys call a short squeeze and we don’t know when it will stop,
but it isn’t far from now. Take this period of time when everyone is thinking gold will just
keep going up forever and make sure you REMEMBER it because some of you in this
group are at risk of falling for this with crypto pretty soon. Remember this feeling of
“OMG it’s going higher than people thought, what if it just keeps going. I better get
some.” No! This gold market is a nice trial run for you. Just saying. You’ll even see
some people in our group saying “Hey, I thought Tia said this was getting toppy. She’s
wrong. It’s going to keep going up. I’m gonna buy.” Relax. I don’t feel that type of
thinking will age well. Fair warning.
As I predicted in last year's Annual Report, I predicted gold would continue to rise. The
current price of Gold is now $3880. I do not see this getting too much higher before you
see a temporary plateau. Sure it can crest over $4,000.
As predicted, last year when silver was under $30, “silver will reach $50 in 2025.” I
still get a five for silver, $50 is coming. Think about that. Last year we predicted silver
would go as high, this year, as it has gone in over 40 years! The current price is around
$47. I believe we will see that "five" spirit gave to us before a plateau comes in. I
believe silver will break it’s 45 year high!
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 87 of 116
Here’s my exact prediction from last year’s annual report. Not patting myself on the
back and the team said I was the only person they know of globally who called it exactly
right. It’s not me, I’m just the messenger. I don’t care if I was the only one or there were
many. I only care that we help. Here’s what we published over 1 year ago, “Silver in
2025? Around $28.50 now. Silver in 2025. You will finally hit your $50 mark before 2025
is finished. They showed me a five. They said five, which is fifty." - Sept 9, 2024
So let’s talk about where I see things going for our precious metals in the coming
years. Gold, after this spike (short squeeze up) we can have a little cooling period and
consolidation.
$6,000 is my next target and while this should take longer to play out, our message
about Europe and Trump’s New New Deal can move this up.
Could it just run to $6,000 in 2025? Not feeling the “6” comes in that quickly, but it is
coming.
Timing is not my strong suit, but it feels like the $6,000 is in 2026 or 2027.
A couple of months ago I warned that “Gold is getting toppy.” It was around $3,600 at
the time and it has since gone up a nice little 15 percent or so (plus or minus some).
You should realize, the team tells me, on pretty much every asset you ever look into
you’ll see periods where things get heated a.k.a. “toppy” and that is almost always
followed by what you guys in the business call a “short squeeze” into a blow off top. Is it
a coincidence I used the word “TOPPY” to describe gold recently? I don’t think so.
Everyone who knows anything at all about markets knows this. It can happen very
quickly or it can take several months to play out. I feel gold is in the midst of having it’s
local peak. I hope it goes to $4,100 or even higher before cooling, but I don’t get a peak
number. Buying now? I’m all set as I don’t like buying when everyone is excited about
something. The past few years was the “time to buy.” Similarly, I’m not a buyer of
Bitcoin in the short term. Will Bitcoin go higher in the near term? Yes, but the reason
I’m not buying Bitcoin now is different from the reason I’m not a buyer of gold right now.
The reason I’m not a buyer of Bitcoin right now is because I see a less than 30% or so
rise in Bitcoin in the coming months (Bitcoin is about $111,000 today). That’s great, but
I see multi 100% upsides in some other coins.
Will I be a buyer of gold if it drops from here? Sure, but in the near term I still feel its’
“toppy.”
I have said many many times over the years, I would not be selling gold or silver,
period. Precious metals are not for trading in and out of as they are cumbersome
and premiums make the margins tighter then they may appear. You just
accumulate and dollar cost average in.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 88 of 116
You know my long standing predictions and feelings and what I have published on both
Gold and Silver. Just have some and don’t try to get “cute” with them. None of that
“hopping in and out” business with them. Just have some and hang on. Gold and
Silver are not like your altcoins or crypto and it’s a very long game in comparison.
There are a lot of people psyched that their precious metals finally had a nice year. I’m
happy too. We predicted they would have their biggest year in over a decade and they
have! I love it when sound conviction is rewarded. It took conviction for people to hang
on over the last decade while it didn’t do much relative to some other assets, but it has
been playing catch up and that’s so nice to see.
Precious metals are “the long game” and not the get rich quick game and that’s
something that should be included in a balanced strategy.
Gold, how high in the next several years? For gold, I keep seeing a six. That’s what
they’re (spirit) showing me for now. So, let's look for $6,000 a little bit down the road.
No, I do not feel this is happening in the next 3 months, but it’s coming and likely sooner
than most think. Fair warning. And we'll check in on this a few times a year to see
when the $6,000 target will come into play. For those who hold gold, my answer is
always the same, “Just hold on to it.” If someone asked me if I would buy gold today I
would say, “What’s your time horizen? At this point, you could but I would not be buying
it for any short term trade. On the other hand, if you have a nice long term perspective,
go ahead and buy if you are so inclined because it’s going to $6,000 in the not too
distant future and higher later.”
Silver? So, let's get it into the fifties and maybe even touch the sixties. Then
maybe start looking for a corrective period. Here’s what I want to emphasize, I don’t
see it getting out of control and heading into the $80 to $100 range this year. I
don't know that it's going to get that out of control in the near term like people might be
speculating. I’m not seeing that. In the future, whether that is a couple of years or so,
sure, we can start talking about the $80 to $100 range and even higher later.
I think when it comes to gold and silver, it moves incredibly slow for a long time
relative to some other asset classes like crypto. It's not like crypto where things
move in a year, or a month. Gold and silver, they take 14 years to get up to these peaks.
Then they plateau.
Bottom line, I would not be selling my gold and silver to try and time any price moves.
It’s more of a hedge and strong hold and insurance policy type of thing most of the time.
Except this year it has been one of the best things to be in, right! I have never found it
to be Earth-shattering for me, except for the nice years like 2011 and 2025. I never had
any before that so I wouldn’t know.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 89 of 116
Real Estate/Housing Market.
Do you remember over the past couple of years when we kept saying, "Don't buy a
house right now if you don’t have to?" Do you remember that?
Big picture, I think it's (the housing market in many areas) still on decline. It should feel
like it's going to get a little bit better, temporarily, after the first of the year.
Unless you need to, I mean it’s a personal decision and you need a place to live, but I
feel you should definitely not purchase something for a while if you can wait, and then I
feel you're going to see a little bit of change coming into the new year. Not a lot. Not a
lot. I think 2026, you're going to start to see some change with real estate. I feel that's
going to be on a smaller scale. It's not going to be mesmerizing.
Lower interest rates will help. So, that's good. You know my prediction for the longer
trend is down for a bit, but it’ll turn around once affordability rises enough. Real Estate
is a slower moving market compared to some other markets and it isn’t as liquid.
Our generation and the previous generation was all about real estate for building wealth.
That is changing. Right now it's crypto and not real estate. Will it ever flip back to being
real estate? Those days are gone for now and it isn’t going back to that in my lifetime.
Not saying real estate is toast, just saying the game has changed.
In short, there will be a small window of opportunity with upcoming rate cuts for
properties that have been sitting on the market that have already had price reductions --
there will be deals to be found. However, as I mentioned last year the market will take
some time to turn around for those cuts to come into play.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 90 of 116
A “New New Deal” and it’s a BIG
DEAL!
The US dollar will remain the world reserve currency for at least two more years, easy,
but it’s a bumpy ride.
If you ask me if the US dollar will be the world reserve currency 5 years from now, when
I look at 5 years and more, I think we have to wait on this. I'm going to tell you why.
Because Trump's plan is to change something related to the US Dollar within his
second term of office within the two-year period of this second term. So there's a lot of
twos to the task of that, two years in to the two term. The two, the two, the two. But
they're not giving me any more thatn that on the when and how just yet. So I can't
answer. They (Trump and team) don't know what they're doing yet, so it's hard for us to
give an answer to that. It's not definitive.
When we first started talking today, they (spirit) took me to all of this weak money with
Europe and the dollars breaking around the globe and crypto being involved. Focus on
Europe! Yes, they may use “terrorsim” to bolster the need for new money in Europe
and new ID system, all digital. Sorry, unless Europeans fight this, it’s on the way. The
US and some other countries will not do a CBDC in the next couple of years, but US
must stay vigilant to make sure they don’t go down this path.
Focus on Europe, Terrorism and also on the bond market in key areas. What can
cause things to accelerate would be the bond market breaking, maybe starting in
Europe or elsewhere and spreading to Europe. I feel like this very likely will break, but
it doesn’t feel like 2025. It feels more in the 2026 or later time frame. Don’t sleep on
this, I'm going to tell you this. I'm going to tell you this, it’s a short period of time from
now and it will be a big deal. No, not Armageddon, but a new deal and a big deal. I
need people to understand that. Pay attention Europe! Pay attention around the globe
for how your country fits into this. Pay attention US.
Listen, a major bond market could break as early as 2026. Feels like it could start with
Europe. It's quick. It's almost like there's going to be these things that are going to take
place in rapid succession, the world is going to have to evolve, and you saw, listen, we
don't even know what came out of the meeting with Putin, but we know something did.
So for him (Putin) to meet with Trump, something big is going to take place because he
(Putin) sees the crumbling that's going on in Europe. He sees it. So when that break
happens, that break is going to be huge. People are going to be frightened and it's
going to be, the Democrats are going to get excited and try to blame Trump, but it will
be fixed quickly. And that's why he's getting all the leaders together in a nice little pile.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 91 of 116
2026, A “Browning Out!” and
Terrorism rears its’ head too!
So I don't know what they're (spirit) talking about. Something to do with a browning out.
Brown out, those are the exact words they (spirit) said. They (spirit) keep talking about
that, so I have to bring it up for you. Everyone should make sure that everything is
backed up. It’s imporant, I didn't hear black. I heard browning out.
And this is sabotage. So everyone needs to make sure that they keep an eye on that. I
feel like this has been something else that they've been tracking, working diligently to
initiate. I want everybody to make sure that they realize to not stay in a comfort zone
because a lot of the people that we work with, in their businesses rely on constant
information flow and historical data, so just make sure that you have everything backed
up.
When? Feels more like next year.
Please people remember the US president hasn't even been in office a year yet and
look what's been done. Many hate how successful he has been and want to sabotage
him and they do not care if it is at your expense.
Look what's going to happen within the next year. We have terrorism within our own
country with American people. We don't even need the others at this juncture. So it
would be more of a homeland security and it would be almost like friendly fire. And
that's what I'm trying to make people aware of, just don't be in a comfort zone because
it's your own people. It's friendly fire. That's what they're (spirit) telling me.
100% on purpose. The purpose of browning out, is basically, anything that could be
sold as egg on the face of the government. I mean, they’ll say it's Trump’s fault
because he didn't implement enough precautionary measures, bla bla bla. So anything
that could just put egg on his face or put the egg on the government's face. So it's like
anything that could be on the face of the government, and this would be something that
they would be like, "Look, the wall wasn't created high enough, nothing was
implemented," pop and look what was done. And they'll make it seem like it was done
from another country, but it won't be. It would be done right within. So just make sure all
of your electronics, everything that you have has backup and that your mind is set for
that. That's all that I'm asking. I'm not saying it's going to be something catastrophic. I'm
not.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 92 of 116
Threats on the tunnels around NY!
They (spirit) just said that there are threats on the tunnels, there are high level threats
on the tunnels coming into Manhattan. There is a lot of concentration on the tunnels
going into Manhattan. They have threats, they have serious threats and there are
serious threats that are being brought. They (spirit) know that there's a car that's going
to be filled with explosives.
Where I live we are at very high levels that they (spirit) know, what they're showing me.
A lot of feedback and threats. I'm very concerned about New York City during the
Mayor’s race and I'm very concerned about the holiday season of New York City.
A large water event that affects
coastlines worldwide?
I feel there's a lot that's coming in. I feel there are a lot of weather issues all the way
around. I think that throughout the world that there will be significant change, and it is
not “global warming.” I do feel like we are going to see almost like Mother Nature's
angry. I don’t want to use the word angry, but consequence.
You're going to see the storms, you're going to see the earthquakes, you're going to see
things that are going to come in and it almost feels very much like anger to me. But
that’s putting a negative spin on it. Consequence is the better word.
I feel spiritually sometimes things have to be washed clean.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 93 of 116
Epstein Files?
They're making a big deal about the Epstein stuff, and I'm going to tell you this. Yes,
they have it all and yes, they have everything but people are being blackmailed by the
government with it. That's their golden goose. That's their golden goose. You don't kill
the golden goose. It’s like, if I have leverage over you. I'm not going to lose the leverage.
Everyone is like, "Oh, where's the list? Where's the list?" I was like, "Why are you
asking for it?" People are being blackmailed with it right now. Keep it where it is. Don’t
be surprised if there’s an opportunity to gain more names, they take it.
Are electric cars net bad for people's
health or no worse than gas cars?
Listen, we don’t need to go crazy on this, but I will say I feel they're horrible.
Why do I feel they’re net horrible for health reasons? There's been a lot of talk about
the heating of the batteries that are underneath the vehicle while you're on top of it,
emitting. So, there's that. I'm not a scientist on batteries. Most EV’s are like giant
computers and I have always said you don’t want to have devices on or around you all
of the time.
And then what are you going to do with all these lithium batteries when these cars start
to go to the junkyards? Where are these lithium batteries going?
Bottom line, EV’s are definitely emitting. I feel there is some level of radiation that
comes out of that. I like Elon Musk a lot. I do. I really like the guy a lot. I hate his cars. I
already predicted I feel he’s going to do something gas related soon and shock people,
no pun intended. No, not full gas, but just something shocking and different. With most
EVs, I just think they're ugly and I like to hear an engine. I'm an old-fashion girl. I like
vroom. I don't want to drive something that doesn't make noise.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 94 of 116
Heart attack.
This isn’t an earth shattering prediction, there’s one every once in a while, but this will
be front and center in the news. Someone in government is going to suffer a heart
attack or heart problems. Someone in government, you are going to hear that. I feel,
from what they're (spirit) telling me, it's more of someone from the past.
So a previous political figure, you're going to hear about a heart attack. There's going to
be heart attack and it's big. It could be death, it could be close to, but it's going to be big.
There's going to be big issues and I feel like it's almost premeditated. It's been done,
like not to get all spy novel on you, but we know going back decades, I mean you could
go back as far as Hitler, that somebody could walk up to you on the street and inject you
and you die. So we know that's been going on with the KGB and other organizations for
years.
Safest State to live in (US)?
As I mentioned in last year's Annual Report, you will continue to have more chaos in the
democratic run states. It will be far safer to live in a Republican run state. Let’s not
overcomplicate this. Yes, I like SC. I’m a little bit over Florida, but I love Desantis.
"Sometimes people ask what is the “safest state in the US to live in.” They are mostly
asking about natural disasters, but for the next handful of years I say being in a
Republican run state is what matters most."... "So as far as best US states to live in, I’m
far more concerned with how a state is run for the time frame we’re in." - Sept 24
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 95 of 116
Future of international travel. Better,
worse, the same?
Worse. Like I have been predicting for the last years, it’s worse. Did you see Milan and
Rome this weekend? Did you see it? You know the ID situation will become worse.
Everything from safety to inconvenience, you name it. Sorry to have to say this, but you
guys already knew the answer. That being said, for those with means, you can create
safe and comfortable travel to certain places, right!
Let's go around the globe.
Q: Countries consistently ranked as the riskiest, most dangerous places in
2025 have been Afghanistan, Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Syria, and South
Sudan. And that's because ongoing conflicts, political instability, and
humanitarian crisis. Other high-risk areas, Democratic Republic of Congo,
Ukraine, Russia, Iran, Libya, and Myanmar. Obviously, those places have a
lot of stuff going on.
When we talk about countries and natural disasters, the U.S. always comes
up as one of the top-ranked ones just because of it's a vast area and
diverse climate. Indonesia always comes up because of the ring of fire,
and you have the Philippines. Typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis.
So, I'm just listing out the obvious “low hanging fruit” politically and stabilitywise
and natural disasters, because many people want to know the most
dangerous areas to factor into their plans. Bottom line, we know there is no
perfect place or risk free place. Every place has dangers. There's no place
that's perfect. That being said and taking the obvious answers off the
table, WHAT AREAS ARE YOU CONCERNED WITH that don’t rank
near the top of the “most dangerous list?”
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 96 of 116
First, you need to know we’re in a period of heightened earth weather and activity.
There are consequences and it’s more than just cycles at play.
On top of earth events, we have imbalance in people. So much so that for many
months, I've been telling my friends who travel quite a bit, "Stay out of the UK for a bit,
and stay out of Italy and France." And you can see how things have been going over
there. Instability brings risk. On top of everything, unchecked immigration has hit its’
tipping point and has brought so much risk.
There's a combustion factor and it's not just the Muslim issue. It's now that the people
are revolting.
King Charles, yes, I feel he is just so close to death, and they're very ill-prepared for
when that happens, because I feel the monarchy is being challenged at a level not seen
in a very, very long time.
From what I see, the answer to the most dangerous places is not the answer you will
get from ChatGPT because it’s also the main countries. It’s no longer just the fringe
countries where you need to keep your head on a swivel and scan your environment,
because of civil unrest, because of other factors.
I know many are drawn to movements and peaceful protests and large events, but I feel
they have to be very careful. Like, people, my friends, just stay away from it if you can.
Many places in Europe and elsewhere are going to go through a huge transition, and it's
not going to be a calm and peaceful one. There's going to be a lot of violence. And the
problem was maybe eight years ago, they should have had someone pay attention to
their borders.
You can avoid this if you are wise, but I need to share the potential risks out there. I
feel there's going to be a big clusterfuck between the problems of terrorism, and cultural
integration and between the haves and the have-nots. We all know that many religions
can be perverted and twisted so that some feel they are supposed to take, take, take…
and that's what some are trying to do right now. It'll never happen. Never, ever, ever
going to happen. Never.
So, bottom line ... Outside of the US, I’m being given UK , Germany, and France. But
listen, everyone should use common sense, there is no “risk-free” city or town. I’ll go
through many countries in our next section of the report.
In general, use your common sense. I would avoid mass public events. Just use
common sense. Don't want to be living in a big city right now. Use common sense. I
see New York from my backyard. I have a complete view of the city in the distance as I
live on a cliff. In my backyard. Right? I have New York right there that I see right through
my mountain. I have zero to no interest to want to be there and that is a place I have
spent a lot of time over the years. No longer do I feel that is a place to visit or live.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 97 of 116
Could the National Guard turn things around for cities willing to accept help? Yes,
period. Things have gotten so out of control, that without this bold measure things will
not turn around. Why? Because there simply are not enough police or policing to
actually help neutralize and eradicate the amount of crime. So, because things were
allowed to go so wrong, there needs to be a temporary “out of the box” solution to reset
things. Using the National Guard, this is just another way... it's already being done. Let
it happen. I think it should be implemented in every problem city in the United States,
because why should people have to risk their life to go to work or the store or anywhere.
For any civilization to thrive, for people to thrive one of the first things that needs to be in
place is the rule of law and some semblance of order and security. Society can not
thrive in chaos. It's ridiculous. So, yes. I'm very happy about the national guard helping
in certain cities. It needs to be implemented in several more areas.
Do I think they will implement it in more areas? Yeah. I want to send the Illinois
Governor out at 2 A.M to pick up his donuts without any security. Send him into the
worst part of Chicago, and I want to see how he makes out. And then when he comes
back, he can have a conversation with me. He'll never make it back. So, at that juncture,
if you talk the talk, then walk the walk. That's where I am right now as far as politicians
are concerned.
I've worked on the streets, I know the criminal aspect, I know the mind, I know the jails, I
know all of it. Bail reform has killed the American people. It killed us and weak leaders
have killed us. The pendulum has swung too far and now it’s time for it to go in the
other direction. The trick is to not let it swing too far. Get things under control and then
throttle back a little. But sometimes you have to come at things more aggressively
when they’ve been allowed to get so out of control. And I just can't wait for Trump to
straighten it all out. And I think it should stay that way.
Again, I think most know that every area, every continent around the globe is at risk of
heightened natural disasters. Use common sense and also do research. History holds
messages for you. Hawaii is always fires and Tsunamis. Japan is always earthquakes
and Tsunamis as is the West Coast of the US, but really everywhere is at risk of crazy
weather and natural disasters. So it doesn’t really help much to say “Turkey is at risk of
more earthquakes” or “Florida, Texas, the South and the east coast are at risk from
Hurricanes”, or “Australia and many areas are at risk of more fires and or flooding.”
Everyone should use common sense, there is no risk free continent, country, state, city
or town.
Let’s get more specific and go country by country in our next section.
After we look at some of the major countries, then I will try and tie everything together
for you at the end of this section.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 98 of 116
Russia.
Putin, that little KGB… I don't know what they're keeping him alive with, because he
should have been dead years ago. But that little KGB shit, he is ... I really feel he's
doing things to throw people off-track.
It's, like, "Look over here. Over here." And then he does something while everyone is
looking in the opposite direction. He is just throwing people off, and he's got a little bit
of that little man syndrome right now. He doesn't like that Trump is the biggest ... that he
is the big guy in the world, and he's running it.
And he has a meeting coming up with Australia.
Listen, I wish it would get to the point where Putin could get along with others and feel
like in some way he is the ringmaster. Right? Because that's what he has to be in his
mind, but he isn’t. I wish he could control that need and strategically work in a positive
way to find win win situations where he can actually try to get along with other people.
He just has a problem getting along with anyone.
Does that change for Putin in 2026 or not? I feel Trump's going to put him under his
thumb. Much to Putin’s dismay and hit to his ego, I feel he's (Putin) going under
Trump's thumb, and ... But there's not going to be a love dove deal between Russia and
Ukraine. So, everybody can just stop thinking it's a Coke commercial, because it's not.
Can they reach some peace deal? Yes, but no love lost between the two countries.
To be clear. Putin's going to get very sick. Putin's going to get sick. Putin's been sick,
but they have been treating him... But all of the things that are so advanced, I mean,
sooner or later the human body is just the human body. It worked for a while, so I feel
like you're going to see some really severe health problems with Putin coming up in the
next two years, if not death.
Actually, there will be a younger man that will come into play and the younger man is
going to have a different philosophy. Russia will see less of that whole extreme “old
school Russia” approach and style. Changes are coming to the way that they live under
such authority, and Russia will become more... It'll never be the UK. It never will. It'll
never be Italy, but it will have more of a freer vibe... They're going to want to open up
tourism. They're going to want to bring tourism into and open it up. It's going to be more
like-minded, younger thought. The man that comes in is younger, very tall.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 99 of 116
Australia.
Let’s talk about Australia right now. I see things improving in many ways for Australia. I
think Australia, you're going to benefit a lot from this Trump presidency, and I feel it's
going to be much better for the people, because Australia went bad and kind of “still
waters” for a bit. I think that's almost the worse thing sometimes. I think still waters are
problematic.
And so, I think there's going to be something huge for Australia working with the United
States, and coming in closer with the US, and I think it's going to help a lot of people,
and it's going to help their dollar. I see really good things coming for them.
You know what bothers me about Australia? The people that are running the
government for Australia don't know what they're doing. Really, it’s like the government
leaders thinking, "If we don't do anything, they won't pay attention to us." I think they're
actually going to Trump to say, "We need help. We're stuck." Contrast that with Canada
and they have been too dug in to ask Trump for help. Trump will help Australia and he
could and would really help Canada if they would simply ask him. Canada will start
changing their tune soon though. Let’s watch this closely.
The way they run the country in Australia is a challenge to some degree. Magistrate,
and that's not the way that country should be run.
China.
China has something coming out, again, with some sort of a germ warfare kind of a
thing. They're going to have something let out. There's going to be something very
sickly that comes out over the next winter in China. And it makes me feel like friendly
fire. Another virus coming out of China. I don't feel it will be as “bad.” I don't feel
anything will be bad as the overall COVID scenario again, not in my life time. Are there
worse viruses that have been created? Yes, but not released on everyone in my
lifetime.
I feel the wheels are turning to try and derail or slow positive change. That’s why things
come out of China. Listen, everything that the US President is trying to do, bring to light
and show people, just think about all of the people that don't want that to happen. His
life is so in jeopardy, even more now than ever even before the election.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 100 of 116
They, opposition to positive and meaningful change, want distractions. Any distractions
they can create, they're going for and this would be part of that.
President Xi for 2026?
He has heart problems. He has heart problems. It wouldn't surprise me if he has to go
under for some sort of a heart surgery, but he has heart issues. His health is not the
best.
Xi is a very, very, very vicious, vicious satanic figure. He is not here from the light of
God. He is here from darkness.
China is, here's the ironic part about evil. Evil wins for a really long time until the devil
takes it back, and I really feel like China is going to almost self-implode within the next
10 years.
He is as evil as they come. He is just an evil, evil, evil man. I feel Trump is working to
position him where he needs him, where he wants him.
I think Trump is going to start taking back more of the land that they've tried to steal
from the US, and there's going to be boundaries. We don't own Chinese land. We don't
own any land in China. So, I think there has to be some balance ... They should not be
able to come here and think that they can own strategic swaths ... And they want us. It's
really pathetic, but we are the ultimate prize in their eyes. Don’t ever forget that. We
are the long term goal. They want control and it is their long term dream to control the
US by any means possible. It’s not going to happen.
So, I think there's going to be a lot that's going to come up with new rules and regs with
China. Not just with tariffs. There will be other aspects. And the things Trump will
implement in 2026 are just so exciting. Just remember, sometimes with change there
are short term challenges. As you saw with Tariffs. Everyone thought that the sky was
falling and then once they figured out it wasn’t, we saw a turn around pretty quickly.
Expect more “tariff” type of scares that will be navigated in fairly short order. When
you’re going through a scare, it never feels like it is resolved quickly, but in the big
scheme of things weeks and months are insignificant. When challenges arrive, we
aren’t talking years to get back to feeling optimistic again, that’s what I’m saying.
In the past years we published that China would not invade Taiwan in 2024 or 2025.
With Trump in office, he is a major deterrent. China will not let go of their Taiwan goal
and their longer term goals have not changed. They will go after Taiwan in time, just
feels like it is later than 2026.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 101 of 116
Ukraine.
End to Ukraine and Russia War?
So much death -- this war is so sad. I hate that this war is still happening. Even before
Trump won, they (spirit) clearly showed me all the work that Trump was going to put in
to stop this war and I felt with that effort we would see an end to the war which we will
fairly soon. Let me be clear though, there will never be love with Russia and Ukraine,
but the war will stop.
Here’s exaclty what I predicted over one year ago in last year’s annual report. This was
my prediction for what we would see in 2025 related to Ukraine and Russia. Here’s
what I said:
"I want to be candid and straightforward about this. Trump wins, war stops and
no WWIII" - Sept 9, 2024
So we’re close to the war ending and now I have new predictions for 2026 and beyond.
I see a change of presidency in Ukraine is on the horizon, if not in 2026 then not long
after. I feel there’s a change of presidency, Zelensky has to go. So, I feel there's going
to be a change in presidency, and I feel that they'll try to focus on rebuilding. You
already know I see Putin gone in a couple of years and then Zelensky gone, maybe
there is a chance to reset the table, so to speak.
I feel Zelensky was shitting himself in the White House recently. I have never seen a
man look so scared in my entire life. I do not feel he will be in his current position in the
next years. I do not feel he will be in there. I think he will be gone and he will be told to
be gone.
It's quite interesting for people, and if you don't see this, then you're not paying attention.
But it's quite interesting to see the demeanor, how it's changed from his (Zelensky’s)
arrogance with Biden and all of Biden's families’ corruption with Zelensky to seeing him
being slapped around now makes my day.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 102 of 116
North Korea.
Kim Jong Un, he's a problem. He's really truly a problem. He's insane. The flexing of the
muscles. I really think he's a problem. He's on my radar.
He's a problem. He's a loose cannon, that's the problem. When you're in your own
head ... something with North Korea came up recently, and I think it was Trump talking
about them crossing a line. Right? And I got a message, something like, "That's a real
problem. That's a deranged man. That's a problem."
He really is. He's someone that needs to be on the radar. Yes, control him with force,
sure, but when? You can’t wait until after he kills hundreds of thousands of people just
because he wants to show people he's not giving up control. We've got problems with
him.
Interviewer: Yeah. I lived in South Korea for a year and before living there
I did several multinational exercises in SoKo. During my time there, I went
to the DMZ, the demilitarized zone that borders North and South Korea ...
And there’s a window where you look right at the North Korean soldiers
and they look back. Eye to eye. You can look them right in the eyes... It's
bizarre. You're literally eye-to-eye. There's only a window separating you.
And while a lot of it is just propaganda, posturing, and flexing, their eyes
tell a story. There’s a lot going on, the eyes are devoid and psycholooking.
I know they're acting, to some degree, but they really do look
disconnected and psycho. And you know what they say, “soldiers are a
reflection of leaderhip.”
Yeah. What they did to that ... I follow his mother, the college student, Otto Warmbier,
the little college boy that they waterboarded to death. He (Warmbier) took down a
poster at a hotel while on a tour of North Korea and was sentenced to 15 years of hard
labor -- about a year and a half into his sentence he was tortured and sent home to die
just days later. Why they took college kids from the United States to Canada and from
Canada to a Chinese Tour Company to North Korea, why you would even do such a
thing, and they brought him back completely brain-dead. And I follow his mom on
Facebook, because it disrupted my soul so much.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 103 of 116
Europe in general.
First and foremost, watch the European dollar, watch the money mechanisms over
there.
I see Germany becoming even more of a hot spot and not in a good way. And I've got
nothing else on that one just other than to put it that way. I think Germany's a hot spot
right now. I feel it was really good for a long period of time that ... I have clients that go
to visit loved ones there, but all of a sudden, I just feel like there's some dismay. It
doesn't feel right to me. Germany stands out.
Listen, right now, there's just a ... We're in a period of unrest. It's ironic, because it was
the U.S., the U.S., and the U.S. that had all these problems, the George Floyd riots. We
saw all of this for many years. And Europe was always the gem to travel to and
everyone was like, "Let's go to Europe where it's peaceful, Rome and Paris and..." And
now there is a complete transition. That is not the same as it used to be.
Switzerland.
No place is perfect or immune from everything, but if I have to pick one place to visit in
Europe, it’s Switzerland. For many reasons, it seems to be one of the better places and
what I’m sharing today is it seems to stay that way. So Germany, no, not feeling good
about it, but for Switzerland, good for you guys.
Interviewer: So interesting. A couple of our friends spend a lot of time in
Switzerland, in Bern, Zurich, and Lucerne and they're like, "Of all the
places around the globe we've been ..." They’ve been everywhere in the
U.S., been everywhere in Europe, been to the Almafi Coast, the UAE, all
the nicest places, they’ve spent time everywhere. They say if they could
choose one place to live, it would be Switzerland, number one place they
would pick to live. And they name the cities. They go, "You have no idea
how clean and safe it is, how meticulous"-
Yes. It stands out to me today and what I’m sharing is it stays that way. Funny story,
my girlfriend said some of the streets are heated. Listen, not saying perfect, just
relatively speaking, it's the shops, the food, the way it's run, the friendliness, the
cleanliness, the safety.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 104 of 116
I think maybe we should go one day. I think maybe that will be on our bucket list to go
together to Switzerland one day.
Ireland, great, but that’s mostly sheep and beer. That's two days. No offense, but
Switzerland is more long term living. Nothing wrong with Ireland. I love you, but your
people are not known for great food.
Yeah. So, anyways, Switzerland- If I ever leave the country again, Switzerland it is.
Italy.
Not feeling good about Rome right now.
Mexico.
General feelings for 2026 for Mexico? Sad. Not good. They need to start from scratch
and everyone knows it. Mexico, the problem is that Mexico has never had a
government-run country. It is run by hoodlums. And so, unfortunately that continues.
I won’t go to Mexico. Pray for all good people in Mexico, there are so many beautiful
souls there.
Canada.
I see Canada slowly trying to get out of where they are. It's taking on the feel of a very
slow transition. I see them trying to make their own way independence-wise, but
coming more towards the US and Trump. I think they need to get out of their whole little
socialism BS, because I've had clients die from poor healthcare in Canada. I have many
friends in Canada. They want their independence. They've got their little mini France.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 105 of 116
But they need to really get it in gear and figure it out, and they need to get moving...
Trudeau being gone, that’s a blessing.
Bottom line, with Canada, it's baby steps, basically. When I looked at Australia, it was
big steps. They can turn it around, but I don't see major major changes in Canada. It’s
like Vermont. Vermont is always going to be Vermont. Maybe I'll be alive to see things
turn around in a major way for Canada, maybe I won't.
A chance for Alberta, Canada, to separate from the rest of Canada? Sorry, I just
heard spirit say no.
Dubai.
Last year I shared Dubai was great for crypto people and safe and one of the best
places to live for crypto business, tax, and economic reasons, but I also shared I wasn’t
the least bit interested in going there myself. I feel the same way this year and of
course it’s the Middle East, but still okay for now. There are many opportunities in
Dubai for people who are interested and go in with their eyes wide open. Go with
Sweden over Dubai. Here’s the challenge, things can change. I do feel Switzerland
has the upper hand on long term safety and security. Someone asked where they
should live, India or Dubai? Listen, you can make a go of it anywhere, but for now I
lean heavily towards Dubai. It really depends on the person and so many factors.
New Zealand.
I feel that's going to change a lot. I feel there's going to be a transition that's going to
take place, and it's going to start to take ... I think that Australia is going to make a
quicker turnaround than Canada will and New Zealand follows along with Austrailia.
They (spirit) just said they're going to be on the coattails. That's what I just heard.
They're going to follow Australia. It's a piggyback.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 106 of 116
Japan.
I feel Japan's really coming into play with the United States. Even more. Close allies.
South Africa.
I don't see us getting involved, and I think it is just very sad. I don’t see much change
there and I’m sorry to have to say that. I feel it's running in the same way over the next
few years. And this has been going on as far back as my clients and my friends being
there, and that's 30 years ago.
Israel.
Ugh. That's a lot to take in. There's so much that's going on right now about Charlie
Kirk's death and Israel. I said this before they caught the killer, I saw that it was just a
crazy, psycho, little messed up kid that did it. Could there be more going on with this?
Of course, we already talked about this.
The whole Israel/Gaza thing has been going on for a long time. Do I think it should
come to some sort of a stop? Yes and I predict it will. We’re in September and it’s still
looking shakey, but that will change fairly soon. I think it's got to stop, but there's so
much hate. That's the part that's sad about the whole thing.
Trump is not happy with Netanyahu. Strained relationship right now.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 107 of 116
Turkey.
I have a lot of friends from Turkey. Overall, Turkey is a very dangerous country. It is not
a place that Americans should go and let their guard down and be running around, and
getting plastic surgery, or whatever. The problem with Americans, Americans think that
their liberties follow them around the world and they do not. They do not. There are
some who are inhumane in Turkey. They need to all watch that movie from the '70s,
Midnight Express, and they need to ... Americans need to stay out of Turkey. That's the
end of the story. They don't want you there. They don't like you. They'll pretend, but for
americans, use your head. Now that can be very different for Turkish people from
America who go visit. A lot of people are fans of Turkey ... And I have friends, like I said,
who love going to Turkey, but it's different for them. When they go to Turkey, they're
Turkish. It's a very different thing and that’s what I want you to understand.
When I was a little girl, many of my friends were Turkish, and their parents were from
Turkey. So, the one girl liked an American boy. This is a true story. And then the
father ... She used to come by my house, and the American boy used to pick her up.
And then the father found out that she had been dating this American boy. They shaved
her head. She had long beautiful hair. She was 16. They shaved her head, sent her to
Turkey, and I never saw her again.
My girlfriend, another one at 16, we're in school, and she's like, "I'm not going to be able
to come back to school." I go, "What are you talking about? Where are you going?"
She's like, "I have an arranged marriage."
I do not feel very good for Turkey... I’ll put it this way, all the energies that are around
there have gotten much worse for me than when you had me look at Turkey last year.
So, with that energy comes a lot more of the earthquakes, or problems, but Americans,
you are not safe there. And if you go there, that's a “mess around and find out” type of
situation. Fair warning.
India.
I want to go so bad. We have the largest ... And I'd like you to look this up. We have the
largest temple that's ever been built in New Jersey, and my best friend is from India.
She's like, "T, I went to the temple yesterday." I go, "Why didn’t you take me?” So,
she's like, "We're going. We're going. We're going."
You have to Google it, because it's enormous. Wait until you see this. And it's about a
half an hour, 40 minutes from my house. Bottom line. I’m obsessed with the history, the
culture, the food, the people, just so much. So, I would love to go to India. That being
said, it is not a place where you can just let your guard down or put it on autopilot. It
has the best and worst of everything.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 108 of 116
India, it's, like, when they tell me. So, I had, and you can share this, I had a girl come
into my shop in my career, and she wanted to communicate with her 17 year old brother.
He ate off of a food cart, and died in India. Perfectly healthy 17 year old boy. So, go
and visit, yes, but only if you have common sense and street cred.
India, 2026, a better year than 2025 or a worse year than 2025? I feel it's about the
same. India's got to get out of its own way. They have to figure it out. It's just a mess.
It's a mess. It is literally like the land of extremes. From best to worst. From richest to
poorest.
5 Most Powerful Countries - “Overall
Stronger or Weaker in 2026?”
United States. 1st. Stronger
China. 2nd. Neutral
Russia. 3rd. Neutral to weaker
United Kingdom. 4th. Weaker
Germany. 5th. Weaker
When it comes to countries, things take time to play out. Russia will decline but there is
hope with new leadership in a couple of years. China has challenges, but will
strengthen some before imploding. The US is divided but under Trump grows stronger.
The United Kingdom is in decline as is Germany.
Remember what I shared about the United Kingdom last year? “Unfortunately the UK
will continue to see lots of chaos and destruction. Their open border policy will continue
to crush them. I would trust nothing of what I'm told. Just like in the US and other
countries, there’s a lot of brainwashing going on there in the UK. Their courtrooms are
rigged even more than in the US. Back to Keir Starmer. I get he’s like a predator,
obsessed with sex and at one point in his life, that will be his downfall. Yep. Sexual,
sexual, sexual. He will be brought down sexually. He's a little kinky boy. I can see he's a
handsome man, but he is very ice cold. He is very ice cold. I would tread very lightly as
an enemy of his because he is as vindictive as they get. His time as prime minister will
not be on the long side. I feel he goes both ways. I think he's just... Certain people have
sexual heightened appetites, that there are no borders. Probably too much information,
but you asked." Tia Belle, September 2024
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 109 of 116
Global Politics, in general. Trends
coming for 2026?
For the US and elsewhere, we all know how the left went full on third-world country and
tried to imprison their political rivals. Even they know it was despicable and
unforgivable. Somehow they feel they can get away with things by irrationally
rationalizing in bizarre ways. The party of murder and gas lighting is exposed and
people are wisely and quickly distancing themselves. Many who were involved are
being exposed. Yes, TDS is a real thing, a pathology. Many are going to be exposed ...
And even if it's not full-blown arrests, the faces will be shown in the square, so to speak,
and you'll know what these people have done, all of that dirty behavior they thought was
hidden or thought they could just get a way with. I think there's going to be a lot of
things on display. I think people are going to be put on display.
I feel there's going to be a couple of main player “removals” or passings in 2026 and
that will be good for the world.
Pelosi has karma coming and I feel Barack Obama, which we have previously
discussed, I feel he's going to go into hiding for a time.
Charlie Kirk's death caused a massive ... So, here's where we are, and we needed to
talk about this, because we had discussed, and you and I said this, I said ... Going back
when Trump was out and about, and I said, "We're at the highest level of evil and
demonic activity on this planet I've ever seen." Like, it was choking me. It was thick
black smoke. You can't see it. Right? But I feel it, and I see it.
What you just had was a religious martyr (Charlie Kirk). And you said to me, "What's
going to help?" I said, "The only thing that's going to help is for people to join together,
pray, and for the people on Earth to go up against it." Since I shared that have you
seen the movements begin. Yes, even before the large gatherings, I asked you for a
favor, to pray as a group. It’s happening on a larger scale now. This is global.
I want you to see everything that's taking place now in the prayer groups, the vigils,
you're going to see people going into church that haven’t been in years or never went to
church, you're going to see young people come together.
The sacrifice of this man's life has given many churches a chance for a fresh start.
It's about religious martyrdom. So, that sacrifice, and now you're seeing young people
starting to transition to prayer, to church. It's a movement. Thank God. We needed
something to wake the kids up and snap them out of all the years of programming.
You’ll even see more public prayer in restaurant and other places and I love it.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 110 of 116
Now that we’ve gone through some
of the major countries one by one,
let’s put it all together for 2026 and
beyond.
China, Xi, wants the “ultimate prize” and the ultimate prize for China is the US. They
will not let that goal go until they implode. You may hear that China is a house of cards
ready to fall, but do not fade China for the next 5 years. China is flat out dangerous to
the Western World. Dangerous for Europe and non communist countries.
China has been and will use North Korea to distract the US. China will also continue to
use Russia. Russia, Putin, does not want to be driven or controlled by the US and will
continue to present challenges for the US and Europe. Good news is he is gone within a
couple of years.
Japan is with the US and that helps keep India in check, but India is India and will go
with China, Russia or whomever funnels money their way and that weakens the US.
India will also try and play nice with the US, but make no mistake, India (the gov’t, not
the people) has no loyalty to any country and Modi is driven by power, not principle. As
I have already said, I want to go to Inida so bad, but India is a mess and I wish they
would get it together because there is so much potential for them.
Australia is with the US along with most of Europe.
Canada is in slow mode trying to establish indepence from the damage Trudeau did.
They slowly make nice with Trump and the US.
The balance of dominance the US had was devastated by the Biden administration (to
be fair, politicians (Dems and Republicans) had sold out the US years ago and vastly
weakened the country long before Biden showed up. That being said, Biden put
everything bad into hyper drive. I’ve said this before, if we had had 4 more years with
Biden and the Dems, it would have been game over for the US and the world.
Bottom line, when Trump came into office in January of 2025, US Hegemony was
significantly diminished and while it doesn’t happen over night, drastic measures are
needed to slow things or to even just maintain the status quo from this point on.
Solutions coming, expose the corruption and root out evil in the US and around the
globe. Next, look for a a new deal in Europe and also devaluing of the US Dollar. Look
for more cracks in the European Dollar and also the US Dollar and Bond Market
challenges fairly soon and look for Trump to present radical solutions.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 111 of 116
Some will say that Trump’s Tariffs have made things worse since coming into office. No,
things were already bad and it’s part of a multi faceted strategy as a last-ditch effort to
slow BRICS and the dedollarization process (threatening US World Reserve Currency
status). Yes, countries were already on the fast track after Biden f’d up with Russian
sanctions and they were quickly moving towards doing this so Trump and his team are
playing chess with Tariffs to try and shock the system and buy time. Tarrifs combined
with Stable Coins (remember they’re using these to prop up government lending) and
crypto are just part of the strategy. The challenge is that the Euro is so week it’ll be
exposed sooner than later now.
Listen, some of this happens fast and some of this takes years to play out.
From day one Trump planned to expose evil, put a spot light on our enemies (Foreign
and Domestic), and turn the US around. Again, this takes time. The tactical measures
include tariffs (tariffs quickly let you know who’s with you and who’s against you and
they force countries to focus their energy on resolving current trade instead of things not
favorable to the US. It’s a distraction to some degree). Force Europe and others to pay
for their global interests.
Another tactical move was the Stable Coin Act and becoming a “crypto friendly nation.”
We all know stable coins bolster the US Dollar as they must be backed by Treasuries
and other US Dollar assets. Next will be the Market Structure legislation and the
acceleration of “asset tokenization.”
The growth of crypto over the next several years is key. When I tell you your crypto is
going to be big in the future, I don’t think most can fathom just how big it will get.
Picture Bitcoin around $2M within 7 or so years. That will put the total market cap of
just Bitcoin around $40T. Think about that. In time, the total Crypto Market Cap will
pass $100T.
Another tactical measure Trump will implement as soon as 2026 is “a new deal” for
servicing national debt by restructuring and “partially backing the dollar with assets.”
Remember he wants to do this in the second year of his second presidency. The goal,
make sure the US Dollar is the most wanted global currency for as long as possible
while bringing national security related manufacturing on shore or with incorruptible
allies.
It’s a big game, expect more moves in 2026. Future generations will look back on 2026
as a “Foundational” year. Hey, do you remember, before the election, in Sep of 2024 I
gave you what the major theme for 2025 would be for crypto? I predicted future
generations would look back on 2025 as the year of “CHANGE.” Pretty obvious that will
hold up.
Yes, we will have shocks to the system in 2026 and of course the solution will be more
money printing to bring us out the other side into an even bigger bubble and yes, unless
you own the right assets, your economic horsepower will be reduced.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 112 of 116
Don’t believe the hype with AI and robotics saving the day in the next few years. It’s too
early for AI and it will take a little longer than most are projecting.
What can you do in 2026? Pray for everything to come from good and for good. Have
pure intent. Be a patriot. Don’t fall for the communist lies. Get your financial house in
order. Have your dry powder secure and ready to deploy. Buy Bitcoin when it feels bad
and then hang on.
The “Title” for this report should be, “What a great time to be alive! I feel this
sunlight from God on all of us.” You picked this time to be your schoolhouse for
a reason. You are so much more powerful than you know. Be brave and
contribute.
One or two spiritual tools for
protection, access to being present,
to eliminate confusion, help us
separate truth from fiction, things
maybe to help with addiction or selflove
and worth?
Always prayer first.
Work with crystals. If you're going to work for crystals, you want your protection, you're
going to go with black onyx. If you want insight into your brain, you want clear crystal
quartz. You want to work on something for addiction, you should have on amethyst.
Those are three basic starter packages that I've always given people to start to work
with.
But dive into your crystals and then just always regularly work with all of your prayer and
your candles. I mean, I can't emphasize enough just how much prayer and candlelight
can do, and that's really how I live my life.
5G and like electro smog and EMF. Does it feel like organite can help with protection
from 5G and all of the energy swirling around?
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 113 of 116
Of course human beings are affected negatively by 5G, all the electronics, computers,
EMFs- but the way this question is being asked, no, organite's not the answer. It's not
going to do what you want.
I’ve always said the way to go about shielding from all of that is to find your
consciousness and to take yourself out of the placement. I mean, if you really want to
make things better get away from your devices for a bit. Listen, we all know red light
therapy is one of the best things on the planet. So get yourself in a sauna with red light
therapy, do that for 15 minutes a day. That's how you're going to take yourself out of
that equation.
Let’s wrap it up!
I’m asking you for a favor…
Please take a few minutes out of your day and just throw your
love of God into the universe for protection of humanity. That's all
I'm asking because the more we all start to do that, the higher
levels will be created.
I hope this report helps you in some way. May your heart be filled
with peace and love.
Take time to really enjoy what matters most in life -- your loved
ones.
You know how I like to sign off:
EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE -- set your intentions and keep
working hard.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 114 of 116
Make sure that you stay positive, dialed in, and focused. I really
believe in energy and what you put out there and how you
manifest. Never feel defeated; everything is a matter of
perspective. You will do great! Manifest the things you want.
REMEMBER to always be bold, be brave and keep shining
your light. You are more powerful than you realize.
“Fear does not stop death, it stops life. And worry does not take
away tomorrow’s troubles, it takes away today’s peace.”
Fear often stops people from doing what they need to do in order
to put themselves on the path for positive outcomes. Keep the
fear in check.
Love is the most powerful force.
You are important. You matter. Dream big, work hard, do the
right thing, and keep the faith.
I’m so grateful to spend time with you. I’m sending you lots of
love along with prayers for abundance and protection.
Blessings of Light to you, Tia
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 115 of 116
Tia Belle. Psychic Medium. Spiritual Consultation. Life Coaching
www.tiabelle.com I’m still booked solid for the next handful of months.
Please never pay for a reading before talking with me first.
We’ve included Tia’s BIO just for our new friends who’ve
asked.
Tia Belle BIO
Tia Belle is an internationally acclaimed spiritual consultant, life coach, psychic medium,
public speaker and crime scene detective. As the TV Star of A&E's Psychic Tia, Tia's
magical abilities have helped her become an international celebrity. She is well-known
in the United States as the resident Psychic Medium for Good Morning America.
Having been blessed with the God-given ability to provide others with insight, guidance,
and direction, Tia gives spiritual advice and support to a diverse roster of private clients
including A-list celebrities, Fortune 500 corporations, CEO's, Business Moguls,
Influencers and Law Enforcement.
Tia discovered her abilities at three years old when she began to receive
messages from the deceased. Tia's family encouraged her to embrace the gift as it has
been passed down in her family for many generations. As Tia matured, so did her ability
to tap into the spiritual realm and she began her mission to make a difference. Tia has
helped people across the globe connect with loved ones that have crossed over.
By age 11, Tia was actively reading and advising family and friends and word quickly
spread about her extraordinary abilities. The turning point in Tia’s life was when she had
a near death experience. Tia received a message from God that changed her life
forever. She decided to leave her law enforcement career to fulfill her destiny and
purpose in life of helping others.
Over the years, Tia has risen to become one of the most in-demand Psychic Mediums
in the business. She travels the world providing special services as a life coach, spiritual
consultant and offers customized solutions. Tia has been featured in major national
media outlets such as WSJ, People Magazine, USA Today, Forbes, and Good Morning
America to name a few. A&E Networks tapped Tia to star in her own television special,
‘Psycic Tia’ which enabled her to share her gift.
Tia believes that to those whom much is given, much is expected in return. She lives by
this philosophy while on her journey to make the world a better place.
2025/2026 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 116 of 116
“TIA BELLE and Team” are the copyright owners of all material published on the
Patreon channel. As provided by United States copyright law (Title 17, U.S.
Code), no part of “TIA BELLE” or “Tia Belle and Team” may be reproduced,
modified, displayed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or
mechanical, including photocopying or by information storage or retrieval
systems, without prior written permission.