2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 1 of 32
Report #49 -- Published October 16th 2025 by Tia Belle & Team
Tia Belle
Report #49 - October Report
17 October 2025
Readings by Tia Belle on 16 October 2025
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 2 of 32
Caleb and Brown is a preferred exchange. Use this link to
get started: https://calebandbrown.com/
Uptrade exchange (Uptrade.au) is our only other preferred
exchange. For our friends who can’t use Caleb and Brown,
try Uptrade.au. Use this link to get started:
https://onboarding.uptrade.au/authenticate/?ref=TIABELLE
Need Tech or Security Support? The only place we go for scheduled tech help
is PappyDeez, but please DO NOT REACH OUT TO PappyDeez for “Patreon”
issues or support!
Visit pappydeezinvestments.simplybook.me/v2 to book your appointment.
Here’s the PappyDeez email contact to see if an appointment is
needed: pappydeezinvestments@protonmail.com
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 3 of 32
If you’re new to cryptos and/or want to see all of the amazing PappyDeez e-books
and tutorials which cover security, wallets and so much more, they’re all on this patreon
site under the published posts. You can also do a quick search on our Patreon under
"security" or "PappyDeez."
New Report Starts Here
Q: We have one main question for you before
we get into everything. Is this crypto market
cycle on track, delayed or toast?
Tia Belle, 16 Oct 2025: Not toast. Don’t start going into depression.
What you want to talk about today, it mattered and there’s something
related that’s making me feel like crying and I don’t know why.
I feel like why your asking can prolong things to some degree, but
people are forgetting we can also speed up for the reasons we talked
about in the Annual Report. I’d really love our whole group to have it, it
might be the thing that separates the haves from the have-nots over the
next 7 years. Please read “the two groups of people in the future” part
of the Annual Report again. I feel it will help right now.
No, you are not toast, but they (spirit) said this matters. This caused
some damage. Like with an earthquake. Okay, the worst is over, but
there are after shocks for a bit. I feel like we can go one of two ways in
the very short term which is not my specialty, but they’re (spirit) very
clear that when it comes to the longer term, it’s up.
Tell me what happened? Tell me how our friends are doing. Why am I
so emotional right now. Can you also tell me how much the total crypto
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 4 of 32
market cap was just before the election, about a year ago, and how
much it is today?
Interviewer. We had to get that out of the way, to not “lead the
witness,” so to speak. We had the near-term leverage event you
warned about, and it blew up the market. I didn’t expect it so soon
and it was big, crazy. Honestly, it caught everyone by surprise.
We have a lot of questions, but let me answer that total market cap
question first.
Just to answer your question, which is kind of funny in the context
of all of our questions today. Total market cap of crypto right
before the election was about $2.1T and today, after the flash
crash, it’s about $3.7T. Massively higher, but you wouldn’t know
that based on most people’s sentiment. Kind of funny you asked
me that as I hadn’t thought about it and I bet most other people
haven’t either. My guess, if there are still some after shocks as
you just said, maybe a little more down before heading up. I don’t
really care about the short term, but it does make me feel more
settled knowing that can happen. We’ll see if it does soon enough.
Can I just say something before we get into everything?
Tia: Of course.
Interviewer: I have always felt that smart people can look at an
accident or crime scene and put the puzzle pieces together to
figure out what happened. That being said, I’m not as interested
in those people because the damage is already done. Justice, yes,
I’m all for it, but I have always felt that the smartest people in the
world are those who can predict the accident or crime before it
happens and maybe help a few people “side step it” or minimize
the damage.
This is why I have made it my mission to find “the best in the world
psychics” and combine the messages they (spirit) share with my
own research rooted in who I feel are the best at technical analysis
and compiling the fundamentals.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 5 of 32
For what it’s worth Tia, everyone in our group knew your number
one biggest “NEAR TERM THREAT” to the crypto market was
LEVERAGE. And, you also really emphasized not using Stable
Coins and not putting your crypto up for collateral -- it looks like
those two things specifically played a role in this as well. You just
happened to mention CZ in the Annual Report. From the research
we’ve done, it appears now that it was some combination of these
warnings which led to the massive cascading leverage liquidations
which caused the biggest “flash crash” in cryptos 10 plus year
history.
Emotionally, people can say “no one predicted this,” but we side
stepped this because those of us holding “spot” still have the same
number of coins we had before the event happened.
Intelligence has nothing to do with IQ, it’s about your ability to
predict the future. You have done better than anyone else
who’s alive when it comes to markets, in my humble opinion, Tia.
Many in our group really appreciate you. Some may want the
numbers higher right now, but even they will admit they dodged
three of the bullets involved in the flash crash because of your
consistent warnings about “leverage, stable coins, large
exchanges, the near term greatest danger to crypto, etc.” The
market is down maybe 20% or 25% which is avg by traditional
bull market standards. We normally get a half dozen of them
(sizeable corrections) in a run up to a blow off top. People just
forget because it’s an emotional event and it really is scary in the
moment. That being said, this one was intense.
Did you know that just 3% of days account for 95% of the gains?
I’m happy to hear you don’t think this “event” changes everything.
I think people are getting bluffed out of their poker hand. I’d call
this “the big bluff.” I don’t know if it was smart, but we exhausted
the last remaining dry powder we had last Friday (10 Oct 2025).
From what you said when we started, maybe I should have waited
a couple of days. It is what it is and I was happy with the prices
relative to where they might be in the future.
Hey, you may not remember when we got started and for the first
couple of years, you said to keep half of your crypto holdings in
some combination of Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and ADA. Anyone
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 6 of 32
who did that is still up this cycle by over 5 X on Bitcoin and XRP.
They’re up about 2 X on ETH and ADA (depending on when they
got in). I still think your altcoin picks are about to enter the stage
where they do nutty good things and people will be shocked, but
what do I know.
I also want to tell you that during the summer, in July, XRP hit a
new all time high. So summer wasn’t big big, but there were new
all time highs for a few coins. Also, in early Oct, Bitcoin hit a new
all time high. Again, not big big, but note worthy. I feel like you’re
calling the time frames pretty accurately, but the pumps are not
measuring up for some reason. My take is we need more juice in
the system, more money and the Fed has to be close to helping.
Anyway, that’s my two cents.
I need to let you know something about this recent market event,
Tia. I’ve been in crypto for over 8 years at this point and I have
never seen anything like this. Again, if you weren’t playing with
leverage, then it’s pretty much just a normal correction with most
things recovering to within 20 or 25 percent of where they
were a few days ago. However, anyone playing with leverage
($20B) was completely wiped out. Insane! Not normal and I
would love your perspective on whether you feel this is bad
for the market, good for the market, or neutral for the market?
Obviously it was bad for anyone who was using leverage, but I’m
asking in the “overall market” sense of things.
Is it possible after this massive crash that crypto is cooked for
a while and doesn’t have the nice run we felt was coming in
the next few months?
Are our targets for our favorite altcoins “blown out of the
water” for now or is it really more a case of “nothing has
changed” or “a delay to work through things?”
With the momentum interrupted and wiped out, will we get it
back soon or long delays?
Was this on purpose, accidental, or manipulation? Was it a
combination of factors caused by someone starting a fire and
then losing control of it?
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 7 of 32
Tia Belle, 16 Oct 2025:
Listen, Pete, you need to hear this. Do you think Trump wants this to go
way up while the Democrats have the government shut down? You
have to be reasonable. You’re fine “big picture” wise, but what if things
take a minute to get better? You have to be okay with that. The shut
down is a headwind. It just is. It’s stupid, but it needs to end.
I think when people are scared they irrationally sell, that’s a real thing so
you can get some down and up and all over the place, especially until
the government opens back up.
So is it a coincidence the government likely opens up around November
and then that’s when gold tops and then crypto breaks to the upside?
When I made all of my “November” timing predictions, the government
wasn’t shut down. Gold wasn’t in a short squeeze and the “Leverage”
blow up wasn’t on anyone’s radar. So, I still favor November, but this
event caused damage and people need to heal.
Would I sell right now to protect my profits. That’s for each person to
decide. I don’t have a lot in the market and I won’t be able to time
getting back in so it’s a non starter for me. Especially because I see
where this is going in the future. No, I’m not selling yet. I’m not doing
anything until my targets are hit.
I get it, you’re saying nobody really had a chance to panic sell in the
flash crash because it happened so quick. That was mostly just
leverage getting evaporated. But people have to work through the
emotions of what just happened and some will throw in the towel and
sell in the next days. They already have been because they’re very
emotional right now because they aren’t pros. I feel the only game a
non pro can play when it comes to crypto is the long game. I’m playing
the long game and I feel we recover.
Hey, if you don’t have time on your side and your not a pro, it’s hard for
the little guy to have the conviction and sheer “will power” to say “I do
not care about the short term, I will win this game no matter what you
throw at me.”
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 8 of 32
I feel the key for our friends right now is to not get upset about anything.
Stay calm and don’t blow yourself up. Don’t let yourself get huffy and
find an excuse or reason to give up. This is a time when you fight.
Is everyone afraid of altcoins now before we get to November? Maybe
that’s a good sign. My point is, be reasonable and don’t go crazy right
now. I feel the prices you’re getting on the good altcoins are great if
you’re playing the long game. I told you the four I would go for in the
Annual Report. I heard one of them is up like 50% or so since we
released the report a week ago. Maybe some of the others are down
and are worth researching to see if you like the prices more now.
Interviewer: Fair enough, I’m stupid bullish right now. I don’t care
if it rips in 2 weeks, 2 months, 2 years, but I want it to shoot up in
2 weeks.
To me, the things I care most about, Bitcoin Dominance and the
broader stock market are at the point where they will soon tell us if
we’re going up. Maybe I’m hanging on to those two things as my
last hope. I get it, maybe I’m smoking hopium, but I find it hard to
believe that it’s over for now. How can this market not have even
made it to the $5T marker and somehow be over with? Sure it
made it to within 20% of that, but do you know how many smart
people in our group told us how stupid was to even say a number
as low as $5T?
Nope, I’m not buying it. I admit that things always seem to take
longer than I would prefer, but like you always say, Tia, “Things go
slow until they don’t.” And to your point, you have been talking
about altcoins finally catching a break in November for the longest
time. I can’t wait for November. Hope this didn’t delay that by a
month, but I can’t think of anything in the short term that will deter
me. I know you can’t time it. I guess what I’m trying to let you
know Tia is that this was the first thing that has got to me this cycle.
To me it really doesn’t matter because if you aren’t in crypto or
precious metals or something hard right now, you’ll get chewed up
as money gets weaker and weaker. They have to print more
money, that is unavoidable. We know they have to run inflation a
little hot to mitigate all of the government debt that they have piled
up, all around the world.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 9 of 32
What option do we have? I can’t see any other option where we
can get a multi x before getting back into cash. I mean, yes, go to
dollars, but not until you have multiplied your money by 2 or 3 or 5
or 10 fold. Until my money has multi x’d, there really is no other
move as far as I’m concerned. The only asymmetric bet I see is
crypto right now. I think a lot of your targets will hit, I just don’t
know when.
To me, the risk reward is so good, I can’t pass it up. Let’s say
you’re wrong in the short term and the “cycle” is over. Okay, so I
risk going down whatever, 50 or 70 percent, over the next months.
It isn’t a realized loss if I don’t selll. And if I wait, I know Bitcoin
and the good altcoins are going into the stratosphere, as you say,
in the not too distant future. It just doesn’t matter. The upside is
too great to pass up. All I have to do is wait. You know the saying,
“No risk it, no biscuit.” Nothing and nobody will convince me of
anything different. This is the only inevitable winning trade I see
right now. Your 7 year outlook from the Annual Report is
inevitable in my opinion. I’m flat out using that as my map.
Let me ask you a question, T. There’s a guy, I don’t know if you’ve
ever heard of him? While he’s kind of a salesman guy, I think he
has somewhat of a valid thesis. His name is Mark Moss. His basic
thesis is: “This time the bubble is not primarily in real estate or
stocks or crypto, it’s in money itself and in treasuries and bonds.”
That general idea lines up with your dollar/bond market prediction
from the annual report. That lines up with what you said in the
annual report about “…in the second year of his second term…”
Anyway, his thesis is basically that you can never be in dollars
because you’ll get eaten up over time.
Well, back to what you said when you first started talking. Don’t be
“stupid bullish” or “stupid” anything. You’re smart. You’ve calculated
the risk and you can live with it, but I don’t feel you’ll have to worry about
it for much longer. Let’s tackle some of the questions you asked.
As for the person you asked me about (Moss), I feel he’s missing an
important nuance. There are short windows when you’re better off in
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 10 of 32
cash. I feel you need to go to cash after you get big and fast gains from
any asset. When everyone at the party gets drunk, it’s time to leave.
No, nobody knows when we rip higher in crypto, but it doesn’t take
months to get moving up, it’s more in the weeks to come.
I gave you my big picture feelings on everything in the Annual Report
and the global predictions section is probably even more important than
the crypto section.
I’ll let you in on a lttle secret. The team didn’t really want to take on the
Annual Report this year and they only agreed to do it for two reasons.
First and foremost, the majority of you asked them to. Second, they
asked me if it would be valuable and would help our friends.
Why didn’t they really want to do an annual report? It’s a lot of work, it’s
literally 100s of hours for them. Did you know they asked me to do this
“emergency report” ASAP and they will probably stay up all night to get
this in your hands by Friday? My point, this is all a lot of work. They
care, I care and I feel all of the work, especially for this annual report
was worth it. With all that has happened, those who got it know what
I’m talking about. I would not skip the “foundational” annual report --
we’ll be building off of it for the next years.
Here’s another little secret. When we finished the Annual Report, the
team said “Thank god we did this because it forced us to put the work in
and produce something a regular monthly report would never produce.”
No one could consistently put in the time and work that’s required to do
an annual report more than once a year.
If I had to choose, I’d rather see people get the annual report once a
year and not the monthly versus getting the monthly and not the annual.
No, I don’t feel that’s optimal, but I’m lovingly trying to let you know this
Annual Report is important.
I want everyone in our long time group to get it. There has to be
balance and fairness so we can’t give it away, but where there’s a will
there’s a way. I guess I just want you to know that I’m encouraging you
to read the annual report, especially this weekend. Find a way to get it,
the large majority in our group have -- I wouldn’t say that if it wasn’t true
and you can feel that. Bottom line, next 7 years are different from what
the majority of people out there in cyrpto think.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 11 of 32
I’ve asked the team to build a special tier, only for our long time
friends and only for one week, and just for our friends who need a little
wiggle room with finances in the near term. You will be doing great
before you know it. I know you can feel that too. Here’s a link for you:
https://www.patreon.com/c/tiabelle/membership
Select the “TRUST” tier. It says $39.88, but will only charge you an extra
$20 per month for 5 months. Your monthly membership is automatically
deducted. Just stay in there for 5 months and then get out We trust
you. As the team loves to say, “No worries, no stress.” I only want you to
use this option if you need it and can’t just pick it up now any other way. If
you go with the TRUST tier, it’s up to you to get out after 5 months
and the team cannot do refunds for this. If you stay we will just
donate the extra money. Bottom line, here’s a way to get the report now
and I feel you should.
Let me get back on task here. Let’s talk about Phase 1 as outlined in
the Annual Report.
Don’t forget, I want to make sure you’re getting this, you will need to go
to US Dollars when we line up for “Phase 1” and that is not years from
now like you’re saying that guy, Moss, is saying.
No matter what happens in the short term, as long as you can be patient
and have a little time on your side, I don’t feel the time to “go to all cash”
is now. But, when that time comes, don’t miss that move.
You can’t be like, “Oh, I want this to go up right now, this is “supposed”
to go up now because of whatever you said, “Bitcoin Dominance” or “the
Russel 2000.”
If you don’t have patience, you’re going to get messed up. Patience!!
And put two exclamation points after that. Sorry, you need to deal with
that. Things will run, but they will run when you likely don’t expect them
to run.
In the Annual Report last week, we talked about something I’m sure you
guys dialed into. We said you needed to shift to a new “mode.” Look up,
in the Annual Report, the word I used to describe which “mode” you
need to be in now. You have to know what you’re doing! Trust yourself.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 12 of 32
Everyone, break out the Annual Report so we can really talk about
where we are and what I feel you should expect now that we’ve had this
event (leverage liquidations/flash crash).
The number one point we talked about in the Annual Report was how
“cycles” are different and “the old way of modeling no longer works.”
Remember the “4 Phases” I talked about in the Annual Report? That’s
important. That tells you whether or not I feel we are in an overall bull
market or bear market. Even those terms, “bull and bear,” confuse
people.
Let’s keep it simple. Yes, regardless of how long it takes, we’re still in
Phase 3. Yes, of course this flash crash might add a little time to that.
We have another pump coming in Phase 3 and then we move to Phase
4. Obviously the phases will expand and contract with the headwinds
and tailwinds. We’ll talk more about “headwinds” and “tailwinds” in a
minute.
When you use the Annual Report as your guide, you will know what I
feel is coming next -- we just can’t nail down the exact timing. I lack that
ability. Nobody has that ability for all the reasons we’ve talked about in
the past.
Do you remember, your “key” to doing well in crypto? Remember how
we get the edge? Go through the annual report, take your time and
make it fun. I really feel like it’s a type of “treasure map.” Just like any
good treasure map, you have to do some work on your own. I can’t
provide schematics or blueprints down to the millimeter. I can only
provide an overview and some clues.
In the Annual Report we listed the headwinds and tailwinds for our
journey to hit our targets. We also talked about something important
and how the targets would be changing in the future. We’ll check my
targets later in this report. I can already feel that some will adjust, but
most have not changed.
For headwinds (things which slow us down), we have “Leverage,”
“Stable Coin risk,” “the Fed,” “China,” “other countries I talked about in
the annual report,” “Tariffs,” “Dollar/Bond Market (Europe/US), “Gold,”
and the dumb-ass “Gov’t Shutdown.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 13 of 32
I hope the gold target they (spirit) showed me in the Annual Report does
not hit in the next few months because we want gold to slow down or
stall out this month or next so Bitcoin can catch up. I have to admit that
it was weird they (spirit) gave me that number for gold while working on
the annual report. I still predict Gold will roll over in the weeks ahead,
but when it comes to a blow off, things can spike higher than what is
rational. Of course they drop like a rock right after. Bitcoin is behind
Gold in its’ run and it always catches up as we’re in Phase 3 and Phase
4. We want that number they (spirit) gave me for gold to be a little later
on!
For tailwinds (things which speed us up), we have the SEC, altcoin
Spot ETFs, Stable Coins in the sense of bringing more liquidity and
attention to crypto, eventually the Fed loosening -- stop selling
treasuries, bonds, and to lower rates and then to start buying treasuries
and bonds (silly money printer go brrr meme). More tailwinds coming
are the Market Structure Bill, Gold slowing/rolling over, “the gift that is
given to you,” the gov’t shutdown ending, “the push of the button(s),”
and dare I say leverage. Leverage can cut both ways and we will get
that short squeeze up at the “end phase” of this market.
So all of these big “headwinds” and “tailwinds” are variables which
will speed things up and slow things down. We’ve identified them!
None of the headwinds that we’ve talked about are “black swans.”
Of course when something Big and “Bad” happens, it will slow things,
but you have to know there’s always something Big and “Good” coming
down the pike, especially this year and even into next year before we hit
our plateau. See annual report. You know the list of headwinds and
tailwinds. We’re due for some tailwinds soon!
I’m not the girl who can say “oh, yeah, darn it, we just got hit with a
headwind item, so it will take an extra 42 days for things to play out.”
I’m not the girl who can say, “oh, we just got one of our tailwind items,
so it will speed things up by 21 days.” I can’t do that for you. Nobody
can.
I can share we’re not done for the “cycle,” but you know I don’t want to
refer to things in “cycle” terms anymore because of how I see this
playing out over the next 7 years (read Annual Report).
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 14 of 32
I feel it’s best to play this game in terms of the “4 Stages” outlined in the
Annual Report, not in terms of “the cycle.” Hey, argue all you want, I’ve
been saying this for a long time, “The cycle is different in some ways.”
You have to let go of “timing” or you will drive yourself nuts. I get it.
Everyone wants their money now, but investing doesn’t work that way.
Everyone wants “cash day” now. It comes when it comes. The trick is
knowing whether it’s coming or not. If you’re not up in crypto right now,
you aren’t supposed to be. Virtually nobody is “up,” it isn’t that time yet.
We’re almost at that time, but don’t go all crybaby before we get there.
Don’t shoot yourself in the foot after coming this far. Just take a deep
breath and get back in the fight.
Yes, “cash day” is coming. When? Soon, but you need to let go of
“soon” and “when” or you’ll blow yourself up. You know that.
Go to the annual report right now. Read the section titled “The first
“Major Message!” The team said it’s around page 11 or 12. It relates
to Bitcoin. Read that whole section right now. I still feel that way and
that tells you something about my timing “estimate.” Of course I will be
right on timing sometimes and wrong on timing most of the time.
I know this “flash crash” or whatever you want to call it, is a big deal to
you guys, but it doesn’t register as “critical” or even “big” on the global
scale.
Listen, 99% of the world did not see or feel this “flash crash” in crypto
and they could care less. Measuring your “wicks” down is ridiculous,
there was no money, no liquidity so the prices were not real unless you
got caught in the 10 or 20 minute shit storm. That whole event was only
“real” to those who were leverage betting, but it does have a little hang
over effect. Yes, it’s ver sad. It still makes me want to cry. People died,
didn’t they? Hold on a minute. Okay, let me finish my train of thought
before I get into that. This is important.
You know when you use leverage you are borrowing money from the
people you placed the bet with. They are the “casino” and the casino
will always cheat if they think they can get away with it. It’s too tempting
for them not to. That can’t surprise people.
Everyone in our group is well aware of the game of risk. We did a whole
section in the Annual Report about “It’s a game of risk” and we talked
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 15 of 32
about it in detail. We talked about the “Stages” and how they relate to
risk.
I feel sick for those people who got wiped out. There’s nothing worse
than a dirty casino. Sad part is, only tourists go into the sketchy casinos
without top cover and that’s how they learn -- they learn the hard way.
It’s a harsh lesson. Learning the hard way is the least efficient way to
learn, but it’s the most common way people learn. What’s the most
efficient way to learn? Easy, just model someone who does it right and
skip the hard lessons. People don’t need to learn the hard way.
Yeah, there were some big boys in the casino, but they got priority when
they wanted to sell and buy. The little guys were at the back of the line,
like they always are.
When someone gets hurt, whether they play a role in it or not, we have
empathy. And, this really shouldn’t have happened, this was very dark.
If you’re still standing, you have dodged a bullet! Just give it a little time
to heal. Crypto is a game of risk and survival. You side stepped the risk
and you survived. You’re good to go, as long as you chill out and stay
patient.
We’ve talked about not leaving your crypto on any exchange other than
Caleb and Brown and/or Uptrade.au and people always say I’m wrong.
Okay, I won’t debate you, I only share what I’m doing and feeling and
nothing is 100% safe. We’ve talked about not using leverage, not using
your crypto as collateral until BItcoin is over $1M, and not storing money
long term in stable coins for the next couple of years. The team is
saying that the beginning of this flash crash started with a stable coin
depegging. I don’t know what that means, I just know I have always felt
there is risk with stable coins that people don’t fully understand.
At this point, a week after the crash, I feel people have figured out how
this happened and they are talking about it. I wouldn’t obsess over the
“post mortem” details. Instead, I would focus on today and where this is
heading. We haven’t even gotten to a real Stage 3 or Stage 4 yet, so
hang on.
Something “like this” will happen again, but this crime, the way they did
this on purpose to the people, it will never happen this way again. What
do I mean by “something like this?” Wait until we’re in the hard bear
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 16 of 32
market and some big company with a Bitcoin treasury goes down. They
(spirit) said, “selling.” Like, forced to sell and while it won’t last long, it
will scare people half to death who don’t understand things. It will “feel”
like it lasts for a long time to the people who are in the market, but
relative to other bear markets you’ve lived through, it will be shorter.
Maybe that’s a clue to when our Stage 4 ends? Doesn't it usually take a
year for Bitcoin to bottom in the standard crypto bear market?
Let’s sum this up and just get to the
core of what everyone wants to know.
So that was the leverage that we heard them (spirit) warn about.
No, not the end of this market. This is another trap. Don’t lose hope, they
want you to lose hope and give up. Keep the faith, stay calm and hang on.
I feel we're still going higher. I feel you're going to see everything in store
for you that I've been speaking of, but I didn't realize in any aspect of what I
was talking about with the leverage, that it was going to be as criminal and
evil and as severe as you’re describing. People killed themselves. Look,
I'm crying from this. I'm really sad for that. Because people are taking their
lives from this. That's so horrible. I'm sick to my stomach. It's really horrible.
I feel this was totally done on purpose. It was planned. And I'm going to
tell you why, and I'm going to say exactly what they're (spirit) telling me.
This was done now because they know where crypto's going and this was
the last time they're going to be able to pull this maneuver.
This is the last time they could rob the crypto bank because soon the crypto
banks are protected and monitored, so you can't rob the bank anymore
after it’s protected. So the group who did this, it was a large group of
players and they said, “We're fucking doing it before you can stop us.” This
is so messed up.
For the overall health of the market, do I feel like this was good, bad or
neutral for the overall market, going forward? Not to use a phrase that, but
it's really the truth. From the ashes, we shall rise.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 17 of 32
I'm really, really, really, really, sick to my stomach. It's more than one
person who killed themselves.
All I keep hearing from them (spirit) is, “That was the leverage. That was
the leverage.” So the crime, and it was a crime with many victims and
death, that’s blood money now. That was what they did. That was what
they pulled. I mean, Don't think that there's not going to be some heads
rolling and jail time for this. Why are… One of Trump’s son’s, whichever is
more into crypto, is going to get involved with exposing this and bringing
justice. I know some of you just hate anything to do with Trump, but they
already know who’s responsible and he’s telling his people to go after them.
Because of all of this, and this will seem counter-intuitive, I feel this event,
this flash crash, I feel when we get a come back that it's actually going to
be volcanic. When? Stop with the when, please. When it happens, soon
enough.
There were a lot of people involved in this. There were a lot of people, but
the male that I see that, he has dark hair, mid to late-40s. He was a ring
leader.
Key player. The level that we spiritually have to look upon this with is that
this level of crime is done by evil and it caused so many horrible things to
happen. It caused so much collateral damage that there is payback
coming. You can't do that in life and think you got away with something.
Do I feel like China was involved? Yes. They (spirit) just told me yes.
Do I feel CZ was involved? They (spirit) just said that that man (CZ) travels
back and forth to the United States very often. He is here a lot. That's what
they (spirit) said, and that's the indication that they're telling me as to
whether he was involved. You think about that, why would he fly here to the
US that much? This man doesn't speak on the phone because he knows
he’ll get caught. He coordinates with some in the U.S.
Interviewer: With Trump’s people?
No. With those who manipulate markets. With those who know this will be
their last chance to rob people this way and to try and slow it down. That's
what they're (spirit) telling me right now. Trump wants the opposite, you
know that. So I'm going to end this on this note that they're (spirit) saying
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 18 of 32
to me right now. Just remember, the outcome of this is blood money. This
is blood money.
You didn't rob the government or a bank or a business here. You robbed
people.
That just wiped out my mood, man. I was in a great mood and now I feel
like I just got punched in the gut. Some people wish they could do this work,
it’s a blessing and a curse. It can take a toll on you on days like today.
Do I feel like this makes us have to lower our targets? They (spirit)
already showed us this goes volcanic. No, no, no, no, no, no. I can’t tell
you when, it isn’t long though. We don’t have to lower our expectations.
For what was done, those people are going to pay. They are going to
get caught. And you could take that to the bank, this is not going to go
away.
People will not forget about this. You cannot do this to human beings. You
just can't. This was sacrificial. There's too much justice on this right now,
and it's being held very, very secretive. Very secretive.
The authorities know. They don’t know everyone involved yet. Some
people, they know. 100% they know. And the people that they know, so
let's play a game. So you are a criminal in finance. We can't get you maybe
for that one particular thing, but we can get you for something else. So no
matter what, there's going to be a course of action for some form of justice.
Now the upside for everyone else is that crypto is going to blow up like it's
never blown up before. We are on target for everything that we needed.
Yes, always delays and then accelerations as part of the game.
When that crash happened, that was a smash and crab robbery.
Do I feel this event was built in to my predictions and doesn’t move
the needle? I do feel that way in some sense, but I also feel this needs
to be emotionally processed. Taking the human element out of it, which
I can’t do, you guys who read the big annual report know I spent almost
a whole page on “THE” NEAR TERM RISK TO CRYPTO,” and so, yes, I
feel this “event” is factored in for the most part. Yeah, thank you, the
team said page 40, 41 of the annual report.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 19 of 32
I just want you guys to have the best chance to do well. Deep in my
heart and soul, I want you to succeed more than you can imagine.
Can I ask you a question? What did the big boys do during the crash
where everyone got wiped out? Okay, see, I don’t know this, but the
team just said, “BlackRock and whales bought everything they could
when it was happening.”
So Trump had to play hardball with China and people are saying Trump
kicked off the “sell off.” No, it could have been anything, this crime, and
it was a crime, was already planned for a while.
Try to put this event behind you for now. Look at the game plan outlined
in the Annual Report. Nothing has changed and all of my “targets”
are still on the table. We’ll check a bunch of them before we finish
up for this report, but I can already tell most will be within range.
But remember I have always emphatically said “I can’t time this. Some
targets will hit and others will not -- that’s why we play the long game,
have the “patience of a saint,” and diversity.”
I’m not even changing my long-standing approximate timeline for
altcoins catching sun around Nov and a plateau around January and
that probably seems impossible right now. I bet anyone really looking at
the “technicals” will say I’m going to have egg on my face. No, I can’t
time it, nobody can. I’m just sharing that this market is not over. This
market will recover. If it’s delayed some, it’s delayed, that doesn’t
change where this is heading. Yes, the plateau AROUND January, then
correction and then bounce. Want to know more about the “plateau”
and “bounce” and what it means, just go to the annual report. That all
still stands.
What just happened doesn’t move the needle in the big scheme of
things “overall market” wise. Just wait until that button is pushed (see
annual report). He’ll (Trump) push a button when the time is right. This
can turn around when you least expect it to, but you have to be in the
game when we get a surprise to the upside. Go back and read the
headwinds and tailwinds section again.
Listen, maket wise, the only thing that changed was the numbers on
your screen, digitally, right, as long as you were holding what you guys
call “spot positions,” you’re still in the game.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 20 of 32
If you think you’re just going to half ass things from here, you’re in for an
awakening. This all requires your full attention.
Do not “step over dollars to pick up pennies” meaning DO NOT neglect
a large opportunity in favor of a small, insignificant one. The team tells
me 75% or so of our group got the annual report and that makes me feel
good. For some reason a small number of our long time friends haven’t.
If there is some reason or crises, reach out to the team privately. They
will always try and help the people who have been with us for years.
You know this. They love you and so do I.
Here are just a few of the many comments about the annual report we’re
so grateful to have received:
Finished reading the annual report and it surely did not disappoint. I wouldn't want to be without this
guidance in the crypto markets. What a gift that is and I'm so very grateful for it. Thank you Spirit, Tia, Pete
and Lisa for all you do! I consider myself blessed and priviledged to be in this current position - armed with
the knowledge and wisdom that this report provides for the coming years. Huge changes are coming to our
world in so many ways and we're in that window of a few years that can make all the difference financially
for the rest of our lives here - and even enable us to pay it forward and help and uplift others who are in
need. “To whom much is given, much is expected”
_____________
Timing of this report yesterday couldn't have been better! Just woke up and saw 19.3B in liquidations
... Reading through it a second time now... so much amazing info ... thank youb
______________
Looks like those repeated warnings about leverage we received ended up being very important. Thank you
thank you thank you I hope everyone is ok after the major move today. Hang in there friends
_____________
This is Pure Gold.Thanks to all of The Team for putting this all together.It has been a super human effort.
______________
Amazing Report, so much information! Thank you so much for what you guys do!! Feeling grateful
_____________
What a great report -- so much information.
This may sound a bit funny, but after reading the intro and skimming through the crypto section while taking
a few notes, I gave the non-crypto section my full attention. I mean I read every single word. Once I started
reading, something in me said "Concentrate on this. It's very important." And so it is. I know that there are
some of you who are only concerned with the cryptos. I know because I regularly read your comments. Yes,
some of us are on a tight budget and have skimped on a lot of things in order to put money into this market
over the years, hoping and praying for a huge life changing windfall BUT all of that won't matter a hill of
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 21 of 32
beans if we don't survive long enough to enjoy that windfall. And so I'm urging every single one of you to
spend a little extra time on the Global and Spiritual section. It could literally save your life. Later today I'll
start at the beginning again armed with Highlighters and post-it notes. Then in a day or two I'll rectify that
info with my personal tracking reports which I've kept for the last few years. this is how I stay on top of what I
own and what I am interested in. I revisit this compilation regularly, even if I don't have money to invest at
the time. I am determined to be in the 5% of successful coin holders.
______________
I'm only about 1/3 of the way thru, and WOW. Just WOW. Tia has really brought it with this report. To
anyone who hasn't bought it yet, don't sleep on this!! To Tia and the Team, thank you thank you thank you.
Truly amazing to be in this group with you.
______________
For anyone who hasn't bought and downloaded this report: Don't sleep on it!! IMO, this is the most densely
packed report yet. I'm so grateful to have this information from Tia and her guides.
Clarification for “Supra” in Annual
Report.
629 Supra $0.0024 $.0008 - $.09 revisit 4 or 44 X?
Tia’s message from spirit updated on 16 October 2025 follows: Supra. Yeah, they
just gave me eight, nine, so I would still think eight or nine. Forget about the decimal for
now,I can’t see where it fits in. All we need to know is that once it hits the first 8 or 9,
we need to check on it. Could it be the decimal is somewhere else? Shit, I don’t know.
Factor in that I can see if it’s two zeros or one zero. I can’t, I don’t know. Yes, they’re
still going to try and pump this, from the inside and I don’t know exactly what that means.
Hey, it may work, it may not. I’m not feeling rock solid on this one, same as I felt when
we worked on the annual report last week.
Check in on Theta Network (THETA)?
$11 is completely doable. My target has not changed. Some who didn’t get the Annual
Report want to know why a few people took the comments in the annual report as not
super optimistic. I didn’t say anything I have said repeatedly over the years about Theta.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 22 of 32
Read the annual report. Like most coins, I’m not sure about the 3, 5, 7 year outlook. I
did the 7 year outlook on a handful of coins and found clear messages for those most
likely to have long term success. I found the strongest project and named it in the
Annual Report. We have an option for you outlined in this report if you would like to get
it.
Check in on Mog Coin (MOG)?
I feel it has a comeback and a good run coming. I do. I feel it will go in and around the
proximity of where it was. I don't think it's going to be like a rocket right now, but it does
have vitality to it. But after it runs to around where it used to be, get out. Don’t push to
far on this one or any meme coin. Dump.
A Sports related crypto?
But I have a question, what's the one that is sports-orientated? There's a coin that's
either, yeah, there's something that's coming out that's a coin that's involved with sports.
Not out yet but will capture some attention.
There's going to be something that's going to be... Maybe there's a football, College or
NFL related project that’s coming, but there's going to be a coin that's going to be out
that will understandably fall in alignment with sports, like actual sports and it looks like
football.
That's something that has to be looked for because here's the thing, it's going to come
off as a fan backed project or coin, but it's really being set forth by someone much
bigger.
And you know who I think it may be related to in some way? I don't know the man's
name. He's big, he's fat, he's old and he's got this super young chick.
Interviewer: Bill Belichick? His girlfriend is in her mid 20s, Jordan
Hudson.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 23 of 32
Okay. If he’s the big old guy with a super young girlfriend. It would be her putting this
out. There's a time frame of the age, the understanding of crypto, young in the mind
and then having that stuff around with the symbolic football.
But she wants to do it and he's going to give her the money to do it.
Interviewer: There you go. So will it get a run?
Wait till we get it and then I'll figure that out. I mean obviously he would give her the
money to do it. She would have to find someone that has that perspective and
education. She can't do it. But I'm like, who are these people they’re (spirit) showing me.
Who are these people that I'm looking at? I’m like, why are they (spirit) showing me this.
Hey, I’m just the messenger. You guys have to figure it out.
Tia’s Portfolio:
Let’s check in on every one of them covered in the big Annual Report
and see if things have changed. I will show you some and then our
friends can refer to the annual report for their favorite “coins.” Please
listen, seriously, I’m not just saying this -- you will know so much more
about what’s going on now and where we’re heading if you get the
annual report and read it three times. Fair warning. Everyone who has
the annual report knows what I mean when I say “fair warning.”
Rank Token Price (Oct. 14) target potential
5 XRP*^ $2.46 $5, then $8-$9 2, 3.6 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: XRP. Easy. Even after the flash crash. And our
other old man coins, they're still going to be fire too.
8 DOGE* $0.20 $0.70, then $2 3.5, 10 X+
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Totally. DOGE is going to run.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 24 of 32
10 ADA*^ $0.69 $7s 8.7 X+
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Cardano. Yes, double like we shared in the annual
report. That makes more sense now and then I think it's going to go in the sevens, but
lets stay in the sixes. They're (spirit) showing me a clean seven, so I feel you're going to
exceed where our current target is, but that's always better to leave a buffer, but stay in
the safe zone that you're at with six.
16 SUI*^ $2.76 $18-$20 5.7, 7.2 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Yes, leave the targets the same. You know I love
SUI. There’s just something about that.
28 TAO* $442 $5000-$6000 11.3-13.5 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Yes, leave it the same. That's another blow up as
in it’s big.
Interviewer: I had to check on this before I told you, but during the annual
report, we did all that work. The coin, the number one coin you talked
about with the biggest potential out of the 50 coins we looked at for that
annual report, you said TAO had the biggest potential in the future. Of all
the coins we looked at, you said TAO is the one. TAO was $300 when we
did that annual report. We published it, when we published the report, it
was like $330. TAO went up 50% and the market was collapsing. That's
when this market, flash crashed. TAO still held its own and has recovered
and it's still higher than when you said that. Anyway, I needed to tell you
that, that it was one of the only coins that held up Better than Bitcoin as
crazy as that may sound.
43 ONDO*^ $0.77 $3, $6, $12-$14 4, 7.7, 18.1X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Ondo. First stop, maybe three to six. It has to go in
those increments. It's never going to jump that high in one move. The three and around
there feels very comfortable for me, where we're moving to in the near term. That's what
they (spirit) said. Then we can look for the final jump.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 25 of 32
48 ICP* $3.49 $60-$70, $80 17.1, 22.9 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: 70, just make it simple and go with $70. You know
why? They (spirit) said go with the mid point. I just heard that. 70 is the mid point
between 60 and 80.
.
59 RENDER*^ $2.80 high $50s, $75 20.7, 26.7 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Render. The five is it, so it’s in the fifties first.
62 SEI*^ $0.22 $5s 22.7 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Sei. They're showing me a seven. So dare we
bump it up to $7? That’s what I just got. Maybe play it safe and say 5 to 7 for our target.
66 JUP*^ $0.37 $5, $11 13.5, 29.7 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: JUP. You might come in a little under that five.
Later the 11. Call it less than 5 or in the $4s, then $11.
83 AERO* $0.88 $5, then $9-10 5.7, 11.4 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: AERO Yeah, that's a solid coin.
85 ASI (FET)* $0.33 $11 33.3 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Leave the 11. I know everyone is selling it, but they
(spirit) showed me the 11. Leave it 11. Despite the disruption and break up, I feel it
could still do good. We didn't even start yet, people. I feel there's still a possibility with it
because we didn't even get to where things have started to move.
89 PYTH* $0.12 high $3s 33.2 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Pyth. Totally doing it.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 26 of 32
105 SONIC* $0.20 $4+ 20.4 X+
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Sonic. Yes, they (spirit) gave me 4. So same.
108 WIF* $0.56 $16-$17 28.5-30.3 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: WIF. I feel you might get 10 first before you go up
to the 16 - 18 range.
166 SUPER*^ $0.42 $5, $11 11.7, 25.9 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: SUPER. We're looking for the $5 range then the
$11 range. Yeah.
182 AKT* $0.78 $10, $20, $30 12.8, 25.5, 38 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Akash. Move first target to six and then secondary
flight from that to, just call it $20s. Good for this go around, but this is going to die one
day. This will die
255 MINA*^ $0.12 5, later on $11 40.3, 88.7 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Better be patient, but it has the potential to do it.
Maybe it’s not this cycle? I don’t know. I just see it can have that longevity that many
others don’t have. Like Akash, it’ll die.
283 GRASS* $0.54 $15-$20 27.8-37.1 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Grass. I feel you're going eight first and then from
the eight, it's going to go up to around that 20s range, maybe 24. Make this two targets.
8 and then 24.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 27 of 32
503 Arcblock*^ $0.56 $4, $20 7.2, 36 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: Leave the targets the same.
741 GUNZ* $0.023 $0.75, $1.25 33, 55 X
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: GUNZ. That's easy, but patience on this as it has
long term viability and that is pretty rare.
1389 XPRT* $0.028 $1.20, $2s, maybe $9+ 43, 118, 320 X+
Tia’s review on 16 October 2025: XPRT. Can we revisit this one in next month? This
one, they said this needs to hold.
Interviewer: I was listening to an interview with Tom Lee and he was asked if he
was “retarded for being so bullish on Ethereum.” Tom Lee, didn’t miss a beat
and said, “Retarded in crypto is a good thing. I’m ETHtarded.” I laughed and
then asked myself, “Am I being XPRTarded?” Really, what are the chances this
thing does nothing and just goes to zero. Are we wasting our time with this coin?
They said this needs to hold and we need to check on this next month. No, I’m not
saying it’s dead. I’m saying what I just said, that’s all. I go with what they (spirit) say.
Old man large cap coins
Refer to Annual Report for Targets. We can’t give
everything away from the annual report and I want
everyone to have a copy to get them through the next
years, so please refer to it for the target zones!
Bitcion. Easy. Same as annual report.
Ethereum. Same. Yeah. Same as annual report.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 28 of 32
Solana. Yeah, that's totally going to move.
Chainlink. Keep it there. First jump then up to the 100 range. Leave out the 80.
Chainlink's got massive muscles attached to it.
Stellar. That's easy.
Avalanche. Leave it the same.
HBAR. That's easy.
Monero. That coin is going to stall out first before reaching it’s higher numbers. It's got
a stall to it before getting there. It's going to stall, but just stay steady with it if you like it.
I don't know why they're telling me that there's going to be a stall with it. Somebody's
screaming in my left ear “legality.”
Polkadot. Leave it.
Polygon. That's fine where you have it.
ALGO. That's another one that's like, slower but it just might make it there.
* = Tia’s Coin Portfolio per 2026 Annual Report
^ = American token
*^ = both!
A little background research on
“what caused” the crash:
From Article: "The October 10-11 catastrophe wasn't primarily about excessive leverage or
regulatory failures. It was about misaligned incentives in market structure. When those
responsible for maintaining orderly markets can profit more from chaos than stability, chaos
becomes inevitable.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 29 of 32
The timeline data reveals market makers didn't panic—they executed a coordinated withdrawal
at the optimal moment to minimize their losses while maximizing subsequent opportunities."
--------------------------------------------------------------
CrediBULL Crypto:
This actually makes a lot of sense and is the most plausible reason for the marketwide alt
bloodbath. Forced selling of all kinds of alts that were being used as colateral to back leveraged
positions on CEX’s as those positions began to get liquidated. This set up is exactly what would
cause a simultaneous dump across the board of “all” the alts because the liquidations would not
be limited to just BTC or USDT. And with alts having relatively low liquidity once some began
being liquidated it would basically cause a chain reaction for anyone else using that alt as
collateral, and it would then spread across all alts available as collateral one after the other,
nearly simultaneously. This is also why (like Arthur said) we won’t see those wick lows on many
alts again- those were bottoms formed by a massive forced selling event across a huge number
of market participants on major CEX’s. There is no one left to willingly sell down to those levels.
TLDR your spot holdings are going to be fine and if you managed to buy anything on the dip you
got a hell of a deal.
_____________
Arthur Hayes:
Word on the street is that big CEX’s auto liquidation of collateral tied to cross margined
positions is why lots of alts got smoked on the move down. Congrats to all you stink bidders. We
won’t be seeing those levels any time soon on many high quality alts.
Closing Comment!
There will be payday for the flash crash. Karma will come their way and the loss of life,
for me, and the tragedy of that, all because of money is not why we're here. I'm just so
heartbroken today. I'll shake it. I'll say a prayer by myself later for those people that
had that happen to them. And mark my words, the way this went down, this will never
happen again.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 30 of 32
Let’s wrap it up!
You just have to hang on. I know it’s hard, but it will be worth it.
I hope this report helps you in some way. May your heart be filled
with peace and love.
Take time to really enjoy what matters most in life -- your loved
ones.
You know how I like to sign off!
EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE -- set your intentions and keep
working hard.
Make sure that you stay positive, dialed in, and focused. I really
believe in energy and what you put out there and how you
manifest. Never feel defeated; everything is a matter of
perspective. You will do great! Manifest the things you want.
REMEMBER to always be bold, be brave and keep shining
your light. You are more powerful than you realize.
“Fear does not stop death, it stops life. And worry does not take
away tomorrow’s troubles, it takes away today’s peace.”
Fear often stops people from doing what they need to do in order
to put themselves on the path for positive outcomes. Keep the
fear in check.
Love is the most powerful force.
You are important. You matter. Dream big, work hard, do the
right thing, and keep the faith.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 31 of 32
I’m so grateful to spend time with you. I’m sending you lots of
love along with prayers for abundance and protection.
Blessings of Light to you, Tia
Tia Belle. Psychic Medium. Spiritual Consultation. Life Coaching
www.tiabelle.com I’m still booked solid for the next handful of months.
Please never pay for a reading before talking with me first.
We’ve included Tia’s BIO just for our new friends who’ve
asked.
Tia Belle BIO
Tia Belle is an internationally acclaimed spiritual consultant, life coach, psychic medium,
public speaker and crime scene detective. As the TV Star of A&E's Psychic Tia, Tia's
magical abilities have helped her become an international celebrity. She is well-known
in the United States as the resident Psychic Medium for Good Morning America.
Having been blessed with the God-given ability to provide others with insight, guidance,
and direction, Tia gives spiritual advice and support to a diverse roster of private clients
including A-list celebrities, Fortune 500 corporations, CEO's, Business Moguls,
Influencers and Law Enforcement.
2025 Copyright TIA BELLE and Team – do not copy, post or reprint Page 32 of 32
Tia discovered her abilities at three years old when she began to receive
messages from the deceased. Tia's family encouraged her to embrace the gift as it has
been passed down in her family for many generations. As Tia matured, so did her ability
to tap into the spiritual realm and she began her mission to make a difference. Tia has
helped people across the globe connect with loved ones that have crossed over.
By age 11, Tia was actively reading and advising family and friends and word quickly
spread about her extraordinary abilities. The turning point in Tia’s life was when she had
a near death experience. Tia received a message from God that changed her life
forever. She decided to leave her law enforcement career to fulfill her destiny and
purpose in life of helping others.
Over the years, Tia has risen to become one of the most in-demand Psychic Mediums
in the business. She travels the world providing special services as a life coach, spiritual
consultant and offers customized solutions. Tia has been featured in major national
media outlets such as WSJ, People Magazine, USA Today, Forbes, and Good Morning
America to name a few. A&E Networks tapped Tia to star in her own television special,
‘Psycic Tia’ which enabled her to share her gift.
Tia believes that to those whom much is given, much is expected in return. She lives by
this philosophy while on her journey to make the world a better place.
“TIA BELLE and Team” are the copyright owners of all material published on the
Patreon channel. As provided by United States copyright law (Title 17, U.S.
Code), no part of “TIA BELLE” or “Tia Belle and Team” may be reproduced,
modified, displayed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or
mechanical, including photocopying or by information storage or retrieval
systems, without prior written permission.