All right, good morning, everybody. It's exciting to see so many old face and a new face. So, when there's no face, there will be the ghost that stay there.

They still there, right? You know that based on the quantum physics, they are still there. So just who knows. By the way, we have a lot of things to cover these two days.

I will try my best to deliver this information, right? I'm excited because we done this before for the small group, which is I try to do this as the traditional way. So teach it by the small group. And I find that it's exciting if that concept can have more people can use them.

So if you can use this concept, you'll be able to deal, in my opinion, all the conditions, all the problems where you need it, right? So we always asking why, why you have to do this, right? Among the today, so many technique. You go to Google, go to internet, the thousands. You can figure out that every day has a new masters born from the universe, right? They all can say, I download the information from God.

So I download all they created. They are, so why you create it? Why you do this? So based on the what we say, everything happen for a reason, right? They gotta be have a reason. If no reason, never born.

So if it can born, can exist, they gotta be have a reason. So what is the reason? Why we needed to do this? So before I answer these questions, we have to see why the situation as a today's society, we are all deal health, right? Most of the time we deal for health. But most time when we say we deal for the health issue, we are not deal health issue.

We are dealing disease issue. Understand what I say here? Health issue and the disease issue is a totally different. Health is a positive thinking.

Disease is a negative thinking, right? So health is unlimited. Disease is a limit. How much disease you can put on your body? You put more, you're gonna die.

That's it, that's it, you're finished, right? But health, you can be unlimited. You can continue generation to generation and eventually you will never die. It's a possible yes.

That's what we say you are part of the universe. So if a universe never die, you shouldn't be die, right? As of today's, if we will study the quantum physics, you understand consciousness never die, so therefore you are never die. But unfortunately, we don't meet this requirement.

Whoever got it, they never say anything. So that's why in the Tao, they always say, he who says doesn't know, he who knows doesn't say. That means I still say, I still doesn't know, right? Somehow, yes, I still doesn't know.

I'm still in this path. I'm passionate because I see the benefit. I've been using this one for the first day where I learned the concept.

I have to tell you the stories. At the beginning, when I started my business, when I started this healing, I meet, I'm fortunate enough, I meet my master. So I say, tell me what I can do in today's complicated disease, illness.

I can do something without make a mess. Right, without make a mess. He would teach me because do something what you good for because everyone is unique.

So you have to use unique of who you are. So because you are unique, then you apply this unique concept to everything what you deal, then you're always ahead of the game because you are unique. So whoever come to you, they are also unique.

So the light connect to the light. That's the concept. So I learned the concept of the liver issue, right? Because when I practice on my energy, because our system force me, has a tremendous the way to develop my liver function.

So my liver function pretty damn good, put it that way. So then he say, deal this way, then you'll be able to deal many issues. So therefore, what I learned the system, we call the green dragon system.

It's idea is green dragon, so represent us the liver function. So we deal with the liver function. After couple years, then I find that it's exciting, but still difficult.

Because when I see the patient, they are not a first-hand. Do you know the first-hand patient? They are not a first-hand patient. They are last hope, but they come to me.

So when the last hope come to me, they already go through the many hangs. So they say many hangs go through, then the condition already mixed up, right? It's layer after layer, layer after layer. So one condition become two condition, one medication become two medication.

The end that they come to me, they already go through the many different medication, many hangs already into this parts. So making me more difficult, even though I want to go through the liver issue, based on what we say, everything is connect. So if I can go through the liver, I should be able to connect to everything.

Suppose it should be, right? But unfortunately, I still don't have enough time to meet the requirement. Think of this way, right? So most of the time you go to physical therapies, they want what? Three times a week, right? You will literally understand three times a week go to the physical therapy, it makes sense. Who we think come to the acupuncture three times a week? Out of pocket, no one do that, right? They think it's not, so now you tell me you go to physical therapy three times a week, you come to me every two weeks.

How can I manifest two weeks? It's almost like a one cup water dump to the desert, try to save the plane. Impossible, right? So then I figure out that, okay, how can I do something different? You know, so that's why I introduce different. So my master said, okay, go to the different kind of concept, add it together.

So you need a partner now. One, your single veins, one man's veins is not enough. You need help, you need to create the teams.

So that's why I created my different systems. So I do the liver function, they add the digestive system function because in the Western, we're all about the eat, right? Eating, but food is a big issue at a Western society, right? You go to the restaurant, immediately they give you ice water, even now it's all ice water there. So you eat the raw vegetables, you all constantly eat different kind of foods.

Then digestive system be mixed up. Digestive system disorder, and then on top of this, if you have more medications, what's happening? You're different, your digestive system has a problem, right? So when the digestive system has a problem, on top of this, you will have a liver issue. So add it together, you have more issues.

How can we add all these more issues and find the simple, easiest way? It's very difficult. Very difficult to deal conditions. So the only way is how to deal the condition follow the natural law, so which means you don't deal the disease, you deal the health.

Then go back to the same concept, we have to change the way thinking body can heal itself. If we all believe body can heal itself, then the question become, what is the requirement? How do we provide the opportunity allow body can heal itself, right? Otherwise, all we just say that body can heal itself, and then I don't do anything, body can heal itself. You still do something, right? We still have a cell phone, we still answer all the emails, we still deal all the conditions, all the crazy lifestyles, how can we do nothing? Right, we still do something.

So therefore, we still impact to the energetically, emotionally with the situation. So our system still cannot function in harmony. Then miracle never happens.

Healing will never happens, suppose we want to happen. Based on this kind of concept, there are so many illness, so many disease, all the autoimmune disease, look at today how many tons autoimmune disease, you can name all the disease, right? You can name all the different kind of illness and the disease based on the metabolic function disorder, right? Digestive system, that's a huge, on top of this two big chunk of the disease and illness, this also has tons of other things. We don't know how to deal with that, right? Headache, migraines, allergies, all of these things.

So how can we deal with something? Simple, easy, follow the natural way, and without make a mistake. What's called a mistake? It's our limited mind to try to understand unlimited body. Right? Because the body is unlimited.

Information is unlimited. How can we diagnose, how can we step in without making mess? We do something, we add in the other things, so therefore we create a mess, because we are limited understanding, right? So today I'm going to try this way, I try to introduce in different concept in a Chinese way called the Xiao Dao concept, right? That's a two concept in here. Idea is that we don't deal the disease, we deal the health.

That's the huge difference. We deal the health, because we believe the body can heal itself. We believe if we provide the right information or right opportunity, right the basic skills or informations or environment, body can heal itself.

That's the whole concept. So you guys follow me, I'm going to go through this way. There's a lot of things we need to cover, right? A lot of things to cover.

First things we cover this, this concept is the Eastern concept. It's a Chinese medicine concept. So before we go down this Chinese medicine concept, one of the most important things I would like everybody understand.

You want to learn this, you have to change your mind. The mind, what is? The Chinese medicine try to find the similarity. The Western medicine is to try to find the detail.

What's the definition? Difference. What is the difference? You have a cancer. What kind of cancer? Where is it? You know what I'm saying? You penetrate deep, deep, deep.

So separate everything. The Eastern concept, which is a Chinese medicine concept, I try to see not that you are not separate. You are connected to everything.

So unless you truly understand this way, then it will be very difficult. Do not use Western concept. Try to find the individual.

I need to know why, why, why, so the more you ask why, the more you go too deep. The more deep you are, more separate you are. Right? Instead of go deep, you want to go wider.

You want to connect everything. You want to ask what is connections. So that is the first step.

Try to see similarity. Try to see what is the connections, interrelationship, right? That's the very important concept. In order to deliver this concept, I have to deliver some kind of basic knowledge.

Basic knowledge. We all have to agree before we can go down this path, right? So we go first thing, so which is everything is energy, right? We all understand. Right? So we all have to agree everything is energy.

So once we say everything is energy, what is energy? Right? Define it. What is energy? How do we call the energy? People say, oh, I'm tired. I don't have energy.

It's a very simple way. I don't have energy, right? So how do we say, how do we define I don't have energy? Energy, mentally, physically, emotionally, right? So you say, I don't want to do anything. What do you say? I don't have energy.

Right? Even though you want to do everything, but you don't have energy. I'm still tired. I don't have energy.

So therefore, I cannot do anything. So the energy become very important concept to allow you to define yourself at which level of your health. Energy is the way to show what you have, the positive way, what's called the power, what you have in the called the creativities, your strengths.

But that energy has to come from somewhere, right? The energy is not just come from your mind. At the beginning, you can use your mind. You feel tired, get a cup of coffee, you know? So if a Dunkin' Donuts coffee is not a strong, you get at the Starbucks, right? So you can get a shot.

So I'm not here to promote the Starbucks coffee. I'm just telling people thinking Starbucks coffee as a strong coffee. So you want the stronger coffee give you additional push.

Push what? Mental, mind, right? You feel exciting. Then you can do more. Otherwise you go out for smoke, right? Smoking give you additional exciting.

Yes, smoke, it is give you exciting. So you can push, right? So the energy become very important. So everything is energy.

But once we understand everything is energy, that's not enough. Because all the energy behind this energy has consciousness. We are energy.

I'm energy, you are energy. If we all just look at it, so therefore you go through the x-ray, you go through the security check, they can check you as energetic way, right? National security, you go to the, you want to get a nice vacation, you have to go through the check. You have to stand there and then they scan you.

What do they scan? They scan energy, right? It's energy. But you are not just energy, right? You have your consciousness. You have feelings.

You have your purpose. So what's the purpose of the consciousness? That's the last one of the most important things in this concept. Everything's energy.

All the energy has a consciousness. All the consciousness has a purpose. So which is we go through it here.

That's after that one. So in order we do this, that's called the basic laws. We have to cover them, right? Basic technique you need.

You need a technique. You need a consciousness. You need a level of the practice.

Otherwise, you cannot deal the disease, illness, right? Patient come to you, they complain headache. You have to immediately say, what kind of headache? What cause? Patient come to you to say, okay, I have a stomach issue. What kind of stomach issue? What cause? There are so many disinformations, so many conditions.

Your level has to change, right? How to diagnosis? How to see this information, right? How can we see these things? How can we deal with these things? We say to deal with these things, information, right? We deal with this, and then we go to the next one. This one is very important now. Now follow me, right? That's the most important things.

Now we have to all agree this. Otherwise, it will be very difficult to go down. First things, there are no accidents.

Yeah, everybody, yeah, yeah, yeah, I believe it. I believe that there are no accidents. No, they don't believe that there are no accidents.

They only believe that there are no accidents, good things happen. The bad things, that's an accident, right? Good things, that's not an accident. That's a hassle.

You know, if bad things, oh, that's an accident. Can you believe? Can you really look at that there are no accidents? Can you really see this? Can you really believe that? I'm just testing you guys, the same thing. Don't think that you believe that.

I still challenge you, don't think that you believe that. If you do believe that, you will get a little enlightenment, little enlightenment. Why I say that, think of it.

If there are no accidents, think of this. Today's a Sunday, why you sit here? Why you come here? There are no accidents, right? So therefore, even though you say, I make my purpose, I make my desire, I want to come here. But you want to come here, that's look like you want to come here, right? There are no accidents, you still sit here.

But that's another end, that's not called a period, finish. No, if everything is energy, all the energy has a consciousness. You come here, it's events, events has energy, right? Action has energy, right? You have to drive here, you move here, you have to see there's a lot of energy, there's a lot of consciousness.

Now, what is the purpose? Does anyone ask yourself, what do you want end of these two days? What do you want to get home? That's the purpose, right? Now, the question become, you want to take things home for today, or for tomorrow, or for 10 years later. What's happening? Are you pick up the information for 10 years later, or are you pick up the information based on the 10 years before? You should ask you this. That's exactly what I try, that there are no accidents cause effect.

What we deal, we deal effect, or we deal cost. I make you guys confused. You can confuse a little bit, that's okay.

So that's the whole purpose. That's the whole purpose, Eastern teaching, is to make you confused. You have to confuse.

Otherwise, you still stay the same way thinking things. Your mind has to jump different ways, real think a different way. If there are no accidents, I'm sitting here for what? See, there are no accidents.

You sit here for purpose. The purpose is come from where? Most of the time, you can easier to say, because I have condition, I want to help some people. All you say, I want, I want, I do, is based on what? 90% I can doubt that you guys all based on the past, based on the information what you know, right? You never think, based on the information I haven't know yet, maybe I have a psyche.

I pick up the something 10 years later. I need this information. If there are no accidents, think of this whole concept, whatever what I taught to you today, whatever what I presentation, whatever I say today, all has a benefit for you, because there are no accidents.

You wouldn't sit here. Think of this way. If you can think of this way, then you will open your mind, just walking in the, like walking in a buffet, right? Don't eat for your stomach, eat for your eyes, because you pay the money, eat all you can, right? You should eat from your eyes.

Now you have to eat from your consciousness, because there are no accidents. Don't use your mind. If you use your mind, every time I say something, your mind constantly discriminate it.

You constantly put something past, and try to screening what I say. Make sense? Or does it make sense? You immediately try to discriminate what I say. So you're missing the opportunity, right? Because there are no accidents.

You sit here, everything what I say will be good. You all need it. Think of this way, right? There are no accidents.

Now, everything is energy, I already covered it, right? The other things, because life, we are dealing for health. We are dealing for life. Life is based on the cooperation.

Here has one of the concept. This concept is very important, right? It's not a concept, it's a life based on who's stronger, who has more easier survive. Understand what I say here? Life is based on the cooperation.

Whole nature, look around, is all based on the cooperation. Life is based on the cooperation. If life is based on the cooperation, then health has to based on the cooperation.

When a disease happens, it's because of cooperation, interrelationship, right? So therefore, you will allow you see, oh, that's a relationship problem. So if you know how to deal the relationship, you know how to deal the disease. Then after two days, you all can be say, I'm PR firms, right? You become specialized for PR, for relationship.

It's all about the relationship. You and your body relationship, your mind with your body relationship, the organ with the organ relationship, you with the environmental relationship. It's everything is about the relationship, energy with energy relationship.

Later, we will discover this kind of concept called the relationship concept, right? And then the other things we need to deal here is because life is based on the cooperation, right? Then this cooperation is not alone. It's everything, everybody. Everybody agree working together.

So you have to look at this concept. Your body has all the different organs, all the tissues, all the bones, right? They are all agree working together as the system. As you need, as you need human beings.

It's the system. Each one has a different system. You can separate that as the called the digestive system, you know, blood function system, whatever you can name it as the system.

The question become, if the system has to be function right, you have to meet the requirement. Every system has their own requirement. Every system has their own requirement.

Your digestive system, digestive system has a requirement. You meet this requirement, digestive system will function naturally, right? You just have to understand requirement, you have to meet. It's not to say, oh, I want to go, but you don't meet the requirement, you never can go.

You have to meet requirement. Energetically, function consciously, you all have to meet the requirement. Once you can meet the requirement, body can function itself.

System can heal itself. Because every system you go, you penetrate down is a cell, right? Molecules. All of this, each one has own consciousness.

Each one knows their own purpose. So each one will waiting to function as the whole function together, right? That is the couple basic foundation. If we all agree, I can continuous.

If we don't agree, I still continuous. Because they are no essence, it's your problem. See, how do I do that? I throw the hot potatoes to you, now become your responsibility, right? See, I'm very genius, right? I put that they are no essence.

So that's why you catch this hot potatoes continuous, right? At least they help you warm up your hand, right? Good. So, how do we define the human body? Because we are feel the human body. How do we define it? I go to the Eastern way first.

In the Chinese medicine, we say human beings is a combining for the heavens energy, which is a universal energy, with the earth energy. These two energy combining together, combining two energy, earth energy and the universal energy, then create it, that's called human beings. That's the Chinese medicine defined what's called the human beings, right? Let me say that one more time.

That's a very important concept. That's so important. So the Chinese medicine say, the human is living in between the heaven and earth, right? We are, earth is between heaven and earth.

We are either there. So therefore, they are in the heavens, when the Chinese doesn't say universe at that time, and they always say heaven, because they think heaven is the highest, highest power. So idea is a whole universe.

If I translate the English, so should be. It's a whole universe energy. We know earth, right? Just a folding in the universe.

So that all the stars, everything just shooting down to the earth, right? Even we don't see, we know this information still shooting there, coming down to the earth. But we still living in this earth. We are living in this earth.

Earth itself has the own energy, own unique energy, right? We are not living in Mars, right? Otherwise we're all crazy, right? That's why we are not living in Mars. We are not living in the moons, right? That's different. We are living in earth.

So the earth has earth energy. So the human being is earth energy with a universal energy combining together. That's called the defined, called human beings.

But this information, the sun look like it's so sexy, so exciting, but useless, right? Yeah, useless. How do I do that? I can say, oh yeah, you are human being, you are heaven. How do I see the universe of you? Can you look at someone and say, I can see the spring? I can see the spring come out of your head.

You cannot say that, right? I can see the winter. Oh, you're so cool. No, right? It's supposed to should be, because you are universe, I suppose should see your face that I can see all the seasons, supposed.

But unfortunately we never learn this language, right? We never learned this way how to see these things. We all can look, we cannot see. Because it's not that we cannot see, we haven't trained to see this way, right? We haven't trained it to see this way.

If we train it to see this way, each one of us, we are capable to see, right? We can see. But because of this way, we say we are part of the universe of human beings, it's a universal energy and earth energy together. That's Chinese medicine way.

So now I'm going to turn this way to the Western way, to the different kind of way. How do we define the Samoa as a human being? How do we define the Samoa? So we need to know a couple of things. We need to know, we first ask you, who are you, right? Who am I? Right? We ask you this, who am I? Where, who are you? Where are you? How are you? What are you? There's a full basic question.

We might can define who you are, right? So we go to the first one. Who am I? Does anyone ask you, who am I? That's another psychology question, right? It's a real question. You should ask yourself, who am I? Which level? Body, mind, spirit level.

At the body level, you should ask you, who am I? Male, female, blood type, right? There's so many things, nationalities. What kind of organ? You're born with one kidneys or two kidneys, right? You're born with a big heart or small heart. You're born with what kind of lung? See, your body part is different, right? At least each one, the blood type is different, your body part is different.

So that's why your body has a body level, body ways. Your hair is white hair, gray hair. Why when your age change, your hair change? Think of this, right? What kind of nail you are? What kind of tendon you are? See, that's called a body structure.

At least that you need to know, right? So but no one will say, who am I? Including my body, so I have to test it, tell you. Then you will find that, oh, it's different. Your body and his body is different, right? Even twin, it's totally different kind of body, body part.

Now at the mind, so you should really ask yourself, in the mind level, how do you define yourself? What kind of believer you are? What kind of feeling you are, right? Your emotional level, right? What kind of creativity you have? Now even, I wouldn't ask you, what kind of dream you have? Does anyone? We are not a dream, same dream. Even though we are at the same dream, each one in the dream is a different shows, right? You show at the same dream. You have, oh, last night you are in my dream.

If I in your dream, who am I, right? Think of this way. But dream also is a part of who you are because dreaming can tell each one of us has a specific dream, but no one will talk about it. That's a completely different kind of story than one day, if possible, I'll give you a whole class of how to, through the dream, see things, right? That's more exciting.

In my opinion, that's the most exciting things because the dream state can manipulate everything, time, space, all can be manipulated. In this reality, you cannot manipulate space. You cannot manipulate time, right? Only at the dream, you can manipulate.

You can call your grandmother come back and you can call yourself a couple thousand years ago, you'll be the king or queen or in your dream again. Whole situation change. Your boss can be your slave, right? And then your lover can turn to the dog.

You can change everything what you want in the dream state. And even if you don't like it in the dream, you might kill somebody and they wake up, oh, oh, oh, that's just dream, you're laughing. That's just dream, right? You won't consider you're really killing somebody, right? But eventually you are at the different levels, right? We're not gonna talk about these things.

Otherwise we'll never finish, right? And at the spirit, the last one is the spirit. Spirit is the most exciting. In my opinion, it's the most exciting thing.

Spirit doesn't mean what kind of religion you are. The religion is a path. Religion is a path that allow you to discover the spirit, the true spirit.

The spirit what I say is universal spirit. Think of this way, it's universal spirit. It's a nature spirit.

It's the earth spirit. It's the moon spirit. Can you connect it to the moon spirit? Can you connect it to the sun spirit? Can you connect it to the big, deeper spirit? Understand what I say? That's the spirit, nature's spirit.

But today we are not thinking, we think a spirit or just my religions that call us spiritual, no. Real big spirit, much bigger, right? That's what you should ask yourself. How much will I connect? If I'm part of the universe, if I'm the child of the universe, so which one I will connect, right? I look at my mother or I look at my cousin.

So if you look at the moon, it's your cousin. Do I look at my cousin, moon, or I look at my brother, sun? Think of this way, right? So if we look at this way, so you have to really see that kind of level, which is body, mind, spirit level. When you ask yourself, who am I? So after you ask yourself, who am I? So what's the second question you were asking? Where am I, right? So when you ask it, where am I? How do we do that? At the real estate, anyone's a real estate agency here? No, no one there? At the real estate, how do we call? Location, location, location, right? Right, location, location, location.

It's a very important location. But where are you is location. Also, it's very important.

At the illness and the disease and health, it's a very important location. In the Chinese culture, they always say this way, different location will create a different kind of human bodies. You will see some people born at a different location, they are more flexible.

Some people born at a different location, they are more tough, they are not flexible. Because location, it means that you are part of the nature, you understand? You are impacted by the nature's spirit. Nature's energy will make your flow, make you different.

So the location is very important. Even though today we say we have allergy, think of the location also meaning something, right? What kind of working environment, right? What kind of job you are, right? What kind of your neighborhood you have to see, right? Location is very, very important as of today. You go home, it's different location.

You go to work, it's a different location. Which highway you drive, don't think of this all because they are no accidents. Even with your path that you take to the work, it's very important.

You take a train, you jump in the train or you drive by yourself. Think of this, you take a train. Why you always see the someone you don't like? He might most time, every time you get in the train, he's there and he always love to sit next to you.

What's happening? Did you really see that, right? Do you think that's just accidents? Why every time you go, you say today, I mean, they leave me late, 10 minutes. He is still there. What's happening, right? I didn't make up, but you know that everyone say, yeah, make sense, right? They are no accidents.

Location, even the train is considered as location. You take a bus, there's always someone there. And then you know, why? I see him again, why I saw her again, right? Location.

Where are you? It's very important because that's at the core that you with the natures, you with the space, the relationship, you really have to see that. You know, you are living space. There's a lot of tree next to you or just building to building.

As today, think about that. You know, if you're living in a New York City, forget it. That's different kind of location.

You among the block to block, right? It's called a modern jail. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say that. You know, the top of the jail, the bottom of the jail.

So you be in a box. You are isolated with the nature. Generally speaking, it's that kind of way, but we won't say that that way.

We won't say that's a million dollars view. So you pay the million dollars view, but it's a million dollars jail. You can see that you cannot touch it, but you only can receive and communicate it by your eyes.

But you can see, you can look, you cannot see. You don't see the nature. So what do you feel? You feel anxiety.

You feel depressed. Now goes to the, how am I? How are you? Right? Fine. Right? In the morning, how are you? Fine.

Fine. So one fine can cover everything? No, right? That's a lot of stuff, right? Right? So think of this the way. So when the people ask you, how are you? I'm fine, like that.

Just say, shut up and don't ask me anymore. Right? But literally they say that, but they say they're nicely fine. That's it, they cut off.

But how are you? The how are you is until today, until this moment, everything you accomplish, right? How are you? Think of this. I'm 65. 65 years, you meet the requirement of the God's will.

You still staying there, even though you screw up so many times. Think of this way. That's accomplish, right? You accomplish your life for 65 years.

That's great deal. Have you seen that? No, by the way, we have an age discrimination. You think that yourself too old, right? But you never see, I'm become wise.

I accomplish something. I have so many years of relationship with the nature, with the society, with all of these elements. I accomplish.

I use my what I have, but maybe you haven't used wisely. You haven't used everything, but at least you use something, right? You use the gift. You use your genetic power, your age.

Right? Your job, your family, right? You accomplish and marry. How many times? Oh, five times. How many kids? A couple.

Even now you become grandmother, grandfather. That's accomplish, right? You generation to generation. Every time you go to see your grandson, why you so exciting? Think of this way.

Anyone here is a grandmother or grandfather? You know. So when you see your grandkids, what do you see? You see yourself. You see yourself and the different forms of the future.

But we wouldn't say that that way. You wouldn't say, oh, I see myself. Right? Your son maybe say, hey, dad, don't say that.

Right? That's my kids, right? But from the generation to generation is accomplish. That's accomplish, right? You accomplish a lot. You raise the kids.

Now they are go to college. Now they are successful. Now they are married.

It's your accomplish. You put your heart there, right? If you single parents, you raise kids, that's best. You see that you by yourself, you can raise the kids.

Now they are still successful. The everything when I say it. When you say, how am I? There's a lot of issue into here.

Right? Now think of this. Health. When we ask you, how are you? Does anyone can consider health as a part of the how you accomplish? It's your accomplish, right? Disease and health, both is accomplish.

You accomplish these things. Or you say different way, I can say you created these things. Because they are not come from outside.

They come from inside. Right? Disease happen from inside out, not from outside the in. Even though we say it's a virus, you catch a cold, you go out, you catch a cold, it's a virus.

But virus only get in, you open the door, right? You invite the virus coming. Because what? They are no accidents. You guys should continue use this concept until you will love it.

Every time difficult to go, difficult to understand, step back. Use this concept. They are no accidents.

If they are no accidents, why happens? Why happens to me? Always say, why happens only? What is the purpose? The God has a purpose, right? Nature never waste anything. You are part of the nature. How can you be waste? How can be just, nothing happens.

There's always purpose. Right? There's always a purpose. Now, the other things.

In your mind, how much you accomplish? How much time? How many different kind of mind you change? How many different kind of emotions you change? How many different kind of belief you change yourself? You have to think of this way. Right? You accomplish two things. Visible and invisible.

Here is very important. You accomplish two things. Visible, invisible.

Visible, your degrees. Right? I get a PhD. How many? Two.

Two PhDs. Wow, a lot. Right? Accomplish.

I graduate from the college. You graduate. That's all knowledge.

For the visible things. I accomplish. I have a two house.

I have a three house. I have cars. I have things.

That's all materialized. Accomplish. Right? Materialized.

One is non-materialized. You accomplish. Right? Non-materialized.

You grow up. You go to different kind of spiritual path. You go to different kind of training.

You do the different kind of meditation. Right? You accomplish different. You change different kind of belief.

You change different kind of feelings. Right? Your emotions. Before you always get angry.

Now you know how to control. You can calm. You can say, oh.

You can say, I don't care. You can say, I can let it go. Before you wouldn't let it go.

Now, I can let it go. See, that's your accomplish. You know how to manage.

You know how to control your emotions. Right? You accomplish invisible and visible. So you have to see invisible part of yourself.

How much you accomplish. That's also part of the... And then the last one is exciting things. What are you? Anyone ask yourself? What are you also has many different views.

You should ask yourself. There's two kind of way. One is you, me, and the society's way.

You guys are how to look at me. Right? The other thing is how do I look at myself? Right? You want other people look at you. You want other people think about you.

That's your perception. You are thinking yourself. Right? As of today, you have more, right? You go to the Facebook.

It's a different name. So you go to the other one. It's a different name.

So you have so many different faces now on the other kind of society. In other words. But most important, when you're alone, what do you see yourself? What do you see yourself in your mind? And what do you see yourself in your dream? I try to raise this question for you guys to really see.

Now the question become, when the society's you or public of the you and the internal your own image of the you doesn't match. Doesn't become one. What's happening? Now what's happening at the there? You are not satisfied, right? You have issues.

You feel sad. You're depressed. You can get angry.

You can get many different ways. That's what we call the disease and the illness start. Because it's a perception that's a match.

Outside, inside, never match, right? If that things happens, then we saw disease, illness. Because it's energy. Feeling's energy.

Thinking's energy. Thought is energy. It's the thought processing.

It's the feeling processing. It's emotions processing. All of this is a processing.

When these two processing never match, never become same pictures. Now we have the issues. Among all of this information, what are we gonna do? Now we have here.

All the information. How are you? Where are you? Where are? All of this. I say this so many now.

Now you suddenly among all of these things, the information at the there, now the disease happen. How do we diagnosis this condition? Is it come from my spiritual, who am I? Or is it come from how am I? Is it come from where am I? Or is it come out what am I? Think of this. Where they come from? There's so many information among of this.

Now here still doesn't, I didn't put in you with the natures, right? You with the nature's relationship, though I didn't put it in. So just by all of this, among all of this information, what are we gonna do? How do we gonna diagnosis a condition, illness and the disease? Think this way, right? So we are human being. We say that before.

We are human beings, right? We are between heaven and earth, right? We are three dimensional mirrors. And the show and the universal energy and the universal spirit, or we call the universal consciousness with earth consciousness, everything we show in our three dimensional bodies. Now when we go to the faces, we go to the diagnosis, we go to the hospital, so we go to the check, health check.

What do we do? We transfer this three dimensional become two dimensional, right? You get a CT scan. You go to the MRI. What do they do? From three dimensional become two dimensional.

Anyone study the science, you understand three dimensional become two dimensional. How much information lost, right? Information lost. Now you see the three people and suddenly become one picture.

How do we see? Now what's the part is the blood test. You know, do the blood analyze. Blood is a container, all the consciousness.

But the blood test come out is number. How can number represent the consciousness? How can number represent who you are? Think of it this way. It would be most of the sad things that based on the blood test, they say you have this disease.

They call the blood lines, right? Ancient time, they all say, oh, you own your blood lines. Why blood lines are so important? Think of this way. Why your blood line is so important? Contain the wisdom, contain the information, contain the consciousness of your blood lines.

Think of this as of today, each one of us. How long you've been in this earth? Anyone ask this question to you? You ask yourself. If based on the blood lines, you've been here for how many years? Millions of years, millions of years, right? Your generation to generation, your blood line continue pass down.

So what does that means to you? That means your blood lines, your genetic code meet the God's will, meet the nature's requirement. So therefore, your blood lines can continue pass down. So if a blood lines can pass down, you think do the blood test and give a number.

The number show you meet the requirement of the God's will? No, the number only show you have a disease or not disease, right? Never show this consciousness level. So therefore, based on this kind of concept, it's very difficult to diagnosis illness and the disease. So we have to find one solution, one different kind of way can deal the situation, can deal with what we call the illness and the disease.

And without that, make a mistake, right? Because we are limited understanding of the human body, limited understanding of the human life. Energy, because we say everything's energy. The Western way we say everything's energy and the Eastern way in the Chinese medicine, they don't use energy, they use Qi, right? I would rather everyone use Qi because the Qi is more defined or much bigger than the energy, right? Much bigger.

So if we put it this way, we are human beings standing between heaven and earth. A human being, heaven and earth, you stand there, right? So now you have to look at that. Everything is Qi, everything's energy.

So when everything's energy, how do we get it? We can get energy, food. First thing, food, right? We have to eat, we have to eat. What does the food mean? The food means it's energy, right? But how does the food come from? We talk about the wheat, right? Then corns, rice, all of these grains, everything, fruit, vegetables, they are all grow.

They grow based on the what? They grow based on the energy. They grow based on the, they communicate with the nature, right? Even though they grow in the greenhouse, they still have to meet the requirement of the growth, right? They still have to meet the requirement of the nature's law. So therefore, whatever we eat, the food, it's just translated or transformed of the natural energy become food, right? That's the first things we take it.

So therefore, when you take this apple, what do you take it? You are not take apple. You take all the information of this nature in this apple. Understand what I say? So here is the most important things.

They are not just apple. You can see it's apple, but behind this apple, they need all this communication with the natures, with the relationship, with the harmony. Apple tree also has to meet the requirement of the natural law, right? So therefore, the apple itself is represented harmony of the nature.

So you have a food. You eat the food, right? So what else we can get from outside for ourself? We have a five sense, right? We see things, we hear things. So what do we do, right? We see, right? Nature's trees, all of this.

That's also allow us receive the information, right? For the nature's information. So now when you look, you go outside, when you see the tree, it is tree or it's the life. It's the life of the nature.

It's the life of the communication. It's the life of the harmony. But we won't see that.

But we only see it's a tree. But tree represent harmony of the nature. If that tree what we see, that tree doesn't meet the requirement.

All that means that the tree transform to different forms, right? We only see called the energy transform through the six sense. But then the other things that we also related to the whole nature is by seasons change, right? Winter, why we all wear different clothes? We know it's winter, right? But do we really see that? Do we really feel the winter energy inside of you? Couple months later, then that's it, spring come. You see that seasons change.

When the seasons change, energies change, information's change, consciousness change. So you continue with this group of the communication. You're still in this kind of concept of the chi, nature's chi coming in, right? All of these things get in your body.

Now look at this way. When they get it in a body, what are you gonna do? What do you do? You think something, right? So that's why you survive. That's why you're alive.

That's why you have a beautiful skin. Oh, that's why your hair grow. That's why your nails still grow, right? You use this energy to use your own body, digest, processing, transformed to the what? To your own body.

And then after your own body, then transform to your creativity, your thoughts, your minds, your feelings. Now you have to ask yourself, your body is a different forms of the outside the universal cheese, right? Based on this concept. Your body, it is.

You can say, oh, my joint is represented Grand Canyon. My fingertip is represented, let me see, where is the most powerful things? You can say, oh, maybe pyramid. All make sense, depending on how do you want to connect, because they all exist, right? Their energy is still there.

Or you can say, oh, my hand is represented as the sun, because the sun's energy come to the earth. The full received, right? You have to see this ways. If you can see this ways, then your feelings will be this ways.

Then you will see yourself, the chi can transform to different form of the body. That will be exactly as today what we said, E equal to MC square. Energy and the matters are interchangeable.

So when we look at the human body, do not just look at it as the human body. You have to look at it as energetic forms, information forms. That human body represent a lot of information, right? It's represented as the chi, and the chi is formed, and the different kind chi become materialized chi.

Human body become materialized chi. So that's why when we deal this, we have to deal the chi. So after we deal the chi, we know that kind of power, the chi.

Wow, my body can do this. I can have this. So the Chinese always say, Chinese medicine always say it's a chi.

Okay, so the chi, how do we define the chi? So when we say chi has a, generally speaking, you can say chi has four different areas we can say. What is the chi? First, when we say chi is the power, right? Like today, we say, do you have chi? Yes, I have chi. I have energy, concept, that's ideas.

Do you have chi? I have energy. I can do something. I can say something.

I can make something. I can run. I can do, I can lift things.

That's energy you can use, right? That's called a strength. That's easy to see, right? You have a strength. Your body has a strength.

You have more chi, right? So when you have less chi, what's happening? You have less strength, right? What's happening? Your muscle becomes saggy, right? You have more wrinkles. I'm sorry that it is true. The chi is gone.

There's no chi. Chi doesn't go here. Chi go to other place because other place are more important.

The body has a wisdom. You have to see yourself. That's different issue.

I shouldn't put it this way. Otherwise, you all be exciting because talk about the facial. Everyone excited.

How can I release, you know, raise my wrinkles? You can. That's just energy. Okay, just a minute.

Okay, why here wrinkles start first? There are no accidents. I'm telling you. There are no accident.

You should look at yourself. Which part of body wrinkles start? And then based on this map, location, location, location, right? Based on this location related to the energy path, you will immediately know which organ function disorder that part energy missing. That's it.

Body never lie. I want everybody get it. Body never lie.

Does always tell the truth. Mind constantly lie. The eye doesn't want to see.

So therefore, we screw. Right? Idea that it is the way, right? So body never lie. The information always true on the face, on your body.

I go too far. So I have to pull back. Okay, so energy, right? First energy is very important.

We'll call the power. That's very important. Second one is in this power has information.

They are not just a power, right? There's information in this qi. So that's why you think that you have a different organ. Each organ has their own qi.

So you think your liver qi will has to be stayed in the liver. It's the liver qi, right? Stomach has a stomach qi. Lung has a lung qi.

Has their own information. They represent who they are. Own personality.

Qi has own personality and their own way. Liver has a liver qi. When the liver qi sneak out to the other organs, that's called a condition.

I give you example, acid reflux. That's exactly called the liver qi sneak to the stomach. It's a liver problem.

It's not stomach problem. Unfortunately, we punish the wrong guy. We're shooting the messenger, right? It's the liver.

Liver energy goes to the stomach. Liver qi is not to stay there. Liver qi feels so depressed.

The liver says, I want the freedom. So when they freedom, they go to the stomach. They want to go out.

So they push the things out. It's the liver qi function disorder, right? That's called the liver qi. Has information.

Each organ, each qi has own qi. Own qi has information. They tell you what they should do, what they shouldn't do.

It's called the information. So the qi contain the information. Then the third one of the qi is called the consciousness.

This one has a little bit of tough way. I do my best to explain it this way. We say everything's energy.

All the energy has a consciousness, right? So if everything's energy, then the qi is energy. So the qi has a consciousness. Because of this consciousness way, what we have to say at the beginning, what I say that Chinese medicine always look at the similarity, right? What's called similarity? So the later on, we're going to go to the five element consciousness you will understand.

In elements. In the earth, we say earth has earth elements. The tree has tree element, we call the wood element, right? It's the wood element.

So the liver qi is associated with the wood element, right? Once you make these connections, which means liver consciousness, liver qi has a consciousness, will connect to the wood consciousness. Understand here now? I jump down, right? Everything has energy, right? All the energy consciousness, okay. So the liver has a liver qi.

Liver has a liver consciousness. Got it? Good. Now the second way is because the Chinese will figure out, okay, how can I create one kind of system? They are all can be, has a similarity.

They can connect to the one group energy. So what we call the element energy. We divide the whole world, whole earth, whole universe that has a five different basic elements.

So they call the group elements. So the liver become group elements associated with the wood. They are one of the element called the wood, wood elements.

So the liver are belong to the wood elements. Once you put the liver belong to the wood element, what's this connection you make? You make the consciousness connect together. Now it's not a materialized now.

It's a non-materialized consciousness. So the later, I will go down the later, so we don't start, when we go to the five elements, I will let you see. You have to see the wood element consciousness.

That's the most beautiful thing. So that's why the liver is the most powerful thing, which is we can deal maybe tomorrow. Today we don't have time.

The liver is your body. How do I put this? So I jump out the first, all right? Think of this in the business model. Business model, we have five major organs, right? We don't say the organ.

We have to, you go to the business, big corporation. They have what? They have a chairman, right? Chairman. Where are they? Chairman always at the Miami Beach and play the golf.

Chairman doesn't care, right? The chairman play the golf. Now who's to make it in charge? CEO, CEO, CFO, CTO, COO, right? Liver is a CFO, CTO, or you can call it a CTO, or you can call it, I think it's called CEO will be the best. Liver is the CEO of the business.

Make a decision, make it tough, make things move, right? Liver is the most important things in the Chinese medicine. They call the liver has, each organ has own spirit. Think of the personality.

Liver spirit is like a body guard of the heart. The heart is to control your spirit. The liver is the carry on, is the shadow of the heart, shadow of the spirit.

So whatever the spirit goes, you don't see the spirit, you only see the liver. Put it this way. Which means the liver can carry all the spirit, go anywhere, anytime.

You want your spirit flow, you have to allow your liver flow. Think of it this way. If your liver doesn't flow good, your spirit doesn't flow good.

It's very simple. You are not flexible, your spirit never flexible. So the Chinese medicine always look at this concept.

But this concept hasn't been real practice in a medicine way. They only practice at a spiritual way. So we have to use this one.

In my opinion, use these things in a medicine way, we have a better deal, we have a better result. We'll do that later, don't worry about it. You will have a lot of this one to go, right? So the consciousness, I say the qi has a consciousness, which means each one, the qi, each organ's qi, they represent the much deeper of the purpose.

Idea is a purpose, right? Liver has a liver purpose. Liver has liver consciousness. So this consciousness is not just the liver itself.

The associated whole group, whole elements of consciousness. So once this way you see, my body's qi, then associated with the nature's qi, then associated with the universal qi, now you understand whole lineage, whole relationship of the qi. So that's why in the Chinese medicine, we never say you have what kind of disease.

They always say, oh, you have a liver qi issue. Or you have a stomach qi issue. See, they only use qi issue, they don't use to say you have what kind of disease.

Interesting? They just say, oh, it's a qi function disorder. So qi can be stagnation, or qi can be, you can be the blood stagnation, or you can be qi stagnation, which means the condition can show at the materialized, or can show as non-materialized, right? Materialized become blood stagnation, blood clot, right? Like you get a sport injury. Once you get a sport injury, what's happening? You sprain your ankle, you see the ankle get a swelling, you see the bruise, so what do we say? We say the blood clot, right? We say the stagnation, that's what does materialize.

Now you have a materialized stagnation, but also can have an energetic stagnation, because the invisible qi and the materialized blood has a unique relationship. It's a unique relationship. So if energy can move, the blood can move.

So that's why in the Chinese medicine, we deal with any kind of sport injury, most likely we always deal with the qi first. Qi can flow, blood can flow. If qi flow, stagnation will go.

Then the last one, when we talk about this kind of qi, is talk about wisdom. So the people always ask you, what's the difference between consciousness and wisdom, right? What's the difference? English is not my major, you have to understand, I just pass English 101, so I don't get too deep, right? I just use the way, easiest way, you have to see. The consciousness has a quarter, the consciousness and the wisdom has a huge difference.

Wisdom means that they have a unique way, it's complete, put it this way, wisdom is complete. The system itself knows why, how, what, when. So the system itself is complete.

The qi itself is complete. It's a complete wisdom, which means understand and can do, it's not just do, consciousness can do. You can manipulate a certain kind of consciousness, you can do something, but the wisdom you wouldn't do, you wouldn't go over it.

I'll give you an example, put it this way. You see the tree, I still use the tree as an example. You go to the forest, you see that every tree will grow itself, no matter how close you are, right? The tree can be side by side grow, I mean that's called, even though they all know for life, they don't say, I need to grow, I'm gonna kill you.

No, they have to simultaneously cooperate each one, get that you need the way, get enough sun, right? They don't kill each other, they don't say, let me go to tidy your room and kill you, and then I have more space. No, it doesn't do it that way. It's not like your neighbor doesn't like you, they cut off the trees, right? We don't do that way.

Nature never do that way. Nature always a cooperation, that's called the wisdom of the cooperation. In the tree, they both need the sun, but they don't say, I need more sun, therefore I cover your top, you don't see the sun, so therefore you don't grow, right? You go to the nature, you can see each one, that everyone will grow themselves.

Either you love the sun, you don't love the sun, they are grow perfect way. They say the tree never grow one branch is not necessary. But unfortunately, we do the perfect bonsai.

Have you seen the bonsai? That's called a human discrimination of the natural law. Yeah, it's beautiful in human eyes, but you never ask permission of the tree, can I cut you, right? Today I email you, I text you, so tomorrow I'm gonna cut you at eight o'clock, would you agree? No, right? Email sent out, you never see response. But anyway, that's different issues, right? That's a different issue, but however, at this kind of, we have to know in the tree has four areas, I want everybody understand, so that's why when we talk about this tree, we will talk about this concept, right? So we know what we need to do, what do we need to do, we need a power.

Without power, tree doesn't flow, right? So we need a tree, we need a power, but power is not enough, right? It's just a power, it's a cowboy, right? You need a little bit of wisdom, so therefore you need information, the carry on information, the tree can carry information, can move on. The spring tree come, spring information, spring wisdom, spring consciousness, everything will grow with this, but you can see big things, right? After we've done this tree, now we enter one of the core of the spirit of the Chinese medicine, the most important thing. Without understanding this, you don't understand Chinese medicine.

What is the Chinese medicine come from? Chinese medicine come from, doesn't come from the tree. The tree is just a vehicle. The Chinese medicine come from, is come from Marines, because the Chinese medicine discovered that they are, we only see in the movies, right? Have you anyone watching the mattress at the end where he sees all the lines? That's almost like a mattress.

If you use the different vocabulary, it's Marines. The Marines is the most exciting. The most exciting is the spirit of the Chinese medicine.

Without this, all the Chinese medicine doesn't make sense at all. It's all based on this invisible network. Why I say invisible network? The network, I still use the small vocabulary called the network, but it's not the network.

The Marines is a universal network, but download in your body. So therefore, when you say, when we say human being is the between heaven and earth ideas, human being is between universe and earth. If you download the whole universal network and the function at the earth, how easier you are.

You just have a four-wheel drive and the drive on the city road. That's easy. You don't like it, you can go four-wheel drive, go off the road, right? You have a four-wheel drive cars.

I know you are much better. The four-wheel drive still now that you have a 007 cars. You want to fly, you can fly.

You want to go to the water, you can grow water, right? It's much better. It's dependent. Do you have the skill? That's the question, right? Car, just a vehicle.

Technique is a vehicle, you understand? Just like a later, you know, and so that's why we put the technique will be the last day. It's a technique, it's easy. I can give you your best car.

If you're a lousy driver, you still hit the tree, right? It's a driver problem, it's not a car problem, right? But unfortunately today, we always change the car. We think of this lousy car. We never go back to the driving school, start it again, right? Go back to the Marines.

The most important things in the Marines is the universal network. It's invisible things. That invisible network allow you to make all the connections.

Everything you want to know is already downloaded in this Marines. Everything you want to know. Marines is beyond the time, beyond the space.

Beyond the time, beyond the space. I give you this example, it means that you think of this way, right? So because you guys don't have this experience. We often heard people say the light is the most, it's a faster speed, right? As today, we all say light is that nothing can go faster than the light, speed of the light, right? Speed of the light is what? One second came around the earth, seven and a half time, right? Or six and a half time.

That's the fastest. I'm telling you from what I see, from what I know, Marines, your chief in the Marines is 10 times more faster than the speed of the light. 10 times more fast than the speed of the light.

10 times more faster. So because they can fast that way, so we allow you download so much information, can allow you prevent your future what's happening. So that's why we say they are no accidents.

How do you know you are not a city here based on that you already pick up 10 years ago or 20 years ago or 20 years later, something might happens because the speed of the Marines, non-local. Because of these Marines, it's invisible. Therefore, they have a skill to make a connection between visible and invisible.

Now we go back to the physical body. Location, location, location. This location of the physical body can connect to the internal organs.

It's all based on the Marines. It's not just based on the nerve system. The nerve system still is materialized.

All the materialized things is not fast than the non-materialized, right? Non-materialized is the Marines. Because the Marines, their speed of the most speed, speed 10 times faster than the speed of the light, they will allow a lot information and the wisdom can download in. Because the Marines exist, so that's why we say body can heal itself.

The answer within. Why they say answer within? Because you have the Marines. When you die, what's happening? Marines disappear.

You don't have the Marines. So if Marines get the damage, you are dying. That's it, you are finished.

You can missing the organ, but you cannot missing the Marines. You cannot get the damage of the Marines. Marine damage will create a very, very difficult condition, physical condition.

It's almost impossible at the physical way can heal. I'll give you example, right? If people say you need example, so we shouldn't do it. Like breast cancer, very simple, right? Your breast cancer, when they do the biopsy or the lymph nodes, after they do this, they cut it, they take off.

We take the knife out, there's nothing, there's no cancer. But what's happening after that? Your arm get a swelling. So no matter what kind of medication you take, the water never go away, right? The arm still sweating.

What's happening? If we all think that because caused by the water, why? We take the water pills, doesn't release in this condition. Because it's a Marine damage. Because at the surgery, at the wrong time, damaged the Marines and body never can heal.

Because at the invisible level changed, changed the soft way, understand what I say? So you continue to deal harder way, harder way doesn't do. It's a soft way problem. So the only way can heal this, you have to do the Marines.

But unfortunately, many patients say, my doctor say do not put the needles on this hand. So what do they do? They go the other hand. Is it possible? Yes, everything is a connect.

But in order to do this, acupuncturist, it's not acupuncture problem, acupuncturist, their own energy, their own level is not in that level. So therefore they put it there, doesn't impact to this side. The level, the practitioner's level, it's not acupuncture wrong, it's a practitioner's level.

It's not high enough. So therefore cannot impact. Think of this way, you got a donation.

They give you a donation, $100. But you have 10 people waiting on the line, each one get a $10, so what you can do? Your $10 go to the Starbucks, only get a two cup of coffee. It's not enough, right? So you need $100.

But you cannot give it to one person, 10 people waiting. So you do the one treatment, so many organs need help. You don't have enough energy to real impact this one.

You understand what I say? So therefore, it's a millions damage. I'll give you another example quickly called millions damage, how serious. C-session, today so many people get a C-session.

45% child, new baby born, it's a C-session now. C-session, they cut, depending how they cut. If they cut wrong time, wrong way, damage the stomach of Marines.

If they damage the stomach of Marines, then the mother will automatically no milk. The milk will disappear. So they wouldn't understand before the child born, they already have milk come out, right? Why after C-session, milk disappear? Think of this, what's happening? Marines damage.

So because the Marine damage, the system doesn't function. Then the mother doesn't have a milk anymore. This kind of condition, we will never understand if you went through the Marines way, you will never understand it's damaged by Marines, right? So therefore, Marines is the most important.

They tell there's so many connections, right? Visible and invisible, body and the minds. You change the mind, all is based on that. Mind can change so quickly.

So that's why they say, why acupuncture sometimes so good? Because they through the Marines can interrupt the mind function, the brain function, right? If you do good, it's the best because they can interrupt it. It's a system, it's invisible system. It's your life source.

How do you know you are still alive? Your Marines still function. How do you know you're still connected to the life source? Because you still have a Marines. You should so proud of yourself, you still have a Marines.

Your Marines is allow you connect to your life source. So no matter how many times you donate your body, you take a medication, as long as you have a 1% hope, your Marines will function. So that's why I say you have to stimulate the Marines.

That's your life source. It's not the body, it's the Marines. Body is the vehicle, Marines is the driver, right? So Marines is the most important thing.

So that's why when you say, when people say doing Qigong, why Qigong so good? Good Qigong, they do the Marine exercise, they do the life source exercise. They are not doing physical exercise. They directly try to connect to the life source.

They can achieve network, right? So you help all the chi can connect each other, can help your consciousness connect each other, can help you connect to the visible, invisible. How can you connect to the nature? Think of this. When you go out, how can I connect to the sun? How can I connect to the moon? Without your mind, think of this way.

You definitely can say, oh, imagination, my mind, I mean, that's imagination, that's still your mind. Mind too slow. Mind too slow, you understand? So that's why they can use EKG or MRI to see your brain function.

They can find it, they cannot see the Marines. You need a fast, you need a more powerful. You need some kind of system can download the information just quantum way, not the classical way.

So the Marines can connect invisible, visible, right? So our body part based on these two connect. That's why we need the Marines. So that's why people say, why acupuncture can help, can heal the things? Because it's Marines.

They are not doing the nervous system. They are not doing these things. They try to connect to your life source to make the body reconnect.

After we done this Marines, and then the last one is acupuncture, right? We know under this Marines, just like a highways, right? You see that the highways. On the highways, it has many stops, right? Gas stations, the city to city. So if you cross the country, drive, right? City to city, some in lousy city, some good cities, some dead cities, whatever you call, right? You can think of the acupuncture just like different cities.

Different cities has a different mayors, has a different personalities, has a different ways, right? So that each acupuncture point has own personality. So you think a different way. I give you a different way.

Each point, acupuncture point is like a different satellite. Think of this way, different way. Acupuncture point is a satellite.

It's a small satellite allow you connect to the universe. Every point, acupuncture point can be as your third eye, allow you see outside the reality. Think of this way.

It's the window, allow you open. Each acupuncture point has their own personality. As the person, don't look at it just as a point.

Don't look at it just like a window. Each point has own personality. Therefore, it's not every point you can manipulate.

That's what I will try to tell. Each point, because it's a different city, right? Different city has a different mayor, right? You can at a small town be the mayor. You cannot go to the big town be the mayor, right? Requirement different.

So that's why I tell everyone it's the same concept. When you give someone, when you receive acupuncture for the body, don't think just a point. You have to think as the personality.

Are you the person can manipulate that point? Some point do not touch. You are not qualified. They are so unique.

They are so sensitive. They take so many years to accumulate their own consciousness, own spiritual purpose, understand? So if we buy your limited understanding, you manipulate the wrong, you destroy the whole thing. All right? So just be careful.

Certain point is very, very important. If you make a mistake, generally speaking, from what I learned, it's the point no return. It's not like an organ you're missing, you can do something.

Meridians, you do that, and that's it. Almost impossible to find the site. There are some masters can deal, but you won't find it.

You definitely cannot find this kind of master. So that's why acupoint is very important. So each point, because each point so unique, then therefore we can find which point we can use for right purpose, right? So because the body is a unique system, the body is all connected together.

How can we do this? So that's why tomorrow you're going to learn called the four energy gate. I learned it from my master many years ago. That's the story we tomorrow say.

I say, how can we find the easiest way and can stimulate this four point, then the whole body can organize together, right? That's what we're going to learn tomorrow. Because that's so easy. You can do it, and it wouldn't make a mistake, right? So you needed that part.

So the meridians, we say that each one, or the point, each one is unique. Each one is the gate, right? Each one can heal certain things. But some is so important.

Some is so important, right? So if not necessary, do not let the needle go there. Once you make a mistake, point no return. I think I covered one of the most important concept is the meridians.

So network, we covered it, right? We covered the network, we covered the qi. Qi is very important. So, but qi, how to flow? Qi flow in the meridians.

So here people always have to ask the question. So what's the difference, the qi in your meridians, or someone, the qi in the hand? Think of this. You can do it a certain kind.

Everyone have a qi. Like everyone have, if you do the, or I can do my hand to healing someone, my heel there, you feel. That's not a meridian's qi.

That's called outside the muscles qi. Skin qi, you all have qi. To stimulate the meridian's qi, which is your life source, you are waiting to connect to that source, life source.

You need a different kind of system. Otherwise, that system itself has wisdom. They have own secret code called the security code.

They won't allow you break in. Called the security code, because each one, think of this way. Let me think.

Why you so unique? Why you so unique? You think that's just a body part? No, it's your meridians make you so unique. So that's why we always, I always learn, my master say, you don't know what you can do. Because your meridians can do more than what your mind can think.

But you haven't have a chance. Allow the gift, give it to you. You download the damn meridians, understand? The meridians is a soft way.

The body is a hard way. You have all the soft way and all the answers, but you haven't used them, because it's meridians. It's the most important things in the human life.

When you die, your meridians never die with your consciousness. Your physical body can die. Your meridians never die.

So that's why someone can see you, someone can see so many years, they can see your grandfather while they die. Because they see the meridians, it's not to see the physical body. It's the meridians that's still there.

So good things, we cover the meridians, you know you're still alive. You have one of the very important, very important gift, answer is in your meridians. So you have a qi, qi is a flow in your meridians.

You have all the disappoints. Every point is your satellite allow you connect to the universe. Now the question become, can you let your satellite all function? Do you have enough power or qi to allow all of these satellites on the space and connect to the universe?