I'm going to do, we're going to ask a couple questions first, right? Otherwise, I'm continue to talk. I even don't know, do you understand or not? Maybe I talk to myself. And I get excited and then someone doesn't know.

Have you seen it? We all at the college, right? Some professor, they are so excited, always right, that they're always right. And they say, you understand? No, I don't understand. Right? He's talking to himself.

He's so excited, he write everything. He doesn't care you guys understand or not. But I don't care you guys, you know, the whole presentation is for you.

I already got many times, many different angles. I tell you the, I tried this, which is I learned from my master. He say, you have to break down everything.

Reorganize it, just like do the puzzle, right? It's easy when we buy puzzle, they all show the picture. Can you smash it every way? Then you can pick up the reorganize, not just from, you should try from left side first, right side. From many different angles, you should be able to complete again.

If you cannot, that means you still don't understand. If I cannot use my own language, my own language explain the way what I understand, that means I still don't understand. Do you understand? That means I still got the information.

Now, I just pass the information to you. The information has to be turned to you guys. You have to digest this information becomes your own wisdom.

Otherwise, it's just information. It's the data, very good for mine and the useless. Do you understand? It's the information.

So what? Everyone can read, but only you hear the different angles information. So we can do a couple of questions first. Anyone want a question, you better raise your hands so they can pass the mic to you.

So we do the couple of questions first. So that's why we can lose up. I can lose up your mind, or my mind, and you can lose up your mind, and then we both understand each other.

So that's why I can see the chair relax first. Go ahead. So in relation to the five element framework, so when I was in school, and I know that everything I learned was not exactly correct, but when we looked at this chart, the generation symbol, which you described to us, and then the other, the thing that looks like a pentagram, the support cycle, which you have as support.

When I was in school, they taught it as a controlling cycle. And so I like the idea of a support cycle, but I was just wondering if you could clarify that for me so I can understand how those relationships work, as opposed to controlling like metal chops wood, that kind of water puts out fire. That cycle that I was taught, that maybe there is a different insight that I can learn.

Thank you. OK. Does anyone understand what are her questions? Good.

If you don't understand, go to internet, which is they all tell you in this five elements chart, and outside this circle is called the generation, which is it hasn't changed yet. I tell the generation, but I have different ways. I have different ways to understand the generation means.

So I haven't really go down this deep yet to you guys, because I think maybe it's not necessary right now to go too deep, because we are not at that level yet. But the second is inside the circle. You see the arrow that way, so that way.

Then they say it's a control, which is in this reality, what we already see, this reality in what we can see. Definitely, water control the fire. Fire definitely control the metal, right? You melt it, no matter what.

The metal can chop the wood, and then wood can grow up with the earth. The dirt will change. Dirt can stop the water.

Make a perfect sense, all right? Perfect sense. However, when we talk about this, I say that there are many layers, many layers. If that's so simple, everyone should gather.

But that's not just simple. They can have many layers of the five elements that's charged. The superficial way, which is a materialized way, it makes sense, a perfect way.

But they are not just materialized. They have non-materialized things. They are representative of the universal law.

One of the universal law is life, right? Universal is for life. So you guys have to think, does life is based on the cooperation, or life based on the control? Think of it this way. We hear, as many people get married before, or have a wife, or has a husband, has lovers, does you on the other side constantly control, do you think that you will be happy? Think of it this way.

If your husband constantly controls you, are you happy? You'll never be happy, right? If your wife will always control you, what are you going to do? Inner peace. Inner peace. And how long can you be in peace? You cannot hold on long enough.

And then what? Your blood pressure going higher, and then you have a high cholesterol. But you never say that, that's my wife who control me, right? So now think of it this way. The whole concept of the five elements is cooperation.

Why need cooperation? Why? It's not a what. It's not a how. It's a why.

Because it's one of the requirements of the life. Life is based on cooperation. So the cooperation, what does cooperation mean? It's still difficult to translate it.

You have to understand. They are translated from Chinese vocabulary. The Chinese vocabulary, ancient time, their vocabulary, it is called control.

There's a superficial way to say the control. But it's not just control. The control means I'm only control your function out of balance.

But they didn't say that part. You only say I'm control. You control what? You understand what I say? I'm a control disease.

That's OK. I'm not a control you to grow. So the Chinese use the control, the words are called ke.

It's a control. But however, the control has many different meanings. So the liver only control when the stomach cannot reach highest level.

So tell me, what's called a control? It's called a biofeedback for the positive way. In the control way, it's called a biofeedback. Biofeedback is for the positive way, not for the negative way.

So which means in order stomach, the earth elements reach highest level, which is called a 40 potential of the earth element should be, the requirement is what element has to be part of this growth. Without the earth, what element 100% participate or working together, cooperate together, the earth element never, never reach highest potential. So then how can we understand this kind of cooperation? So the vocabulary we translate it to control doesn't make sense at all, right? You cannot base on the control to reach the highest potential.

In today's society, you think a control can real control? Can we control the disease? We cannot. Can we control the life? We cannot. How can we control? We even cannot control our own mind.

You think I control some people's mind? Control doesn't make sense, see? Based on this way, so that whatever the classical way or not classical way, in English as of today, five element when they translate this relationship, they say control. In my opinion, it's wrong. So that's why I change it.

I say instead of we call control, we should call the cooperation. Because only in cooperation can reach the highest limit. Control never can reach the highest limit, right? The cooperation.

So therefore, the liver is the liver's duty. Think of this. If I'm the liver, you are the stomach.

It's my responsibility. Think of this way. It's my responsibility and it's my duty to help you reach the highest that you can.

Think of this way. It's no way out for me to support you. It's no way out.

See that? I want you to understand. You put your whole different kind of perspective, way to understand liver function. Do you understand? It's like they are not just a support.

They are bodyguard. They support. So the only things which is why, that's difficult to understand disease because we understand disease.

We only understand disease as the negative way. Once we translate the disease as energetic concept, then we have a completely different way to understand what's called disease and illness. So the only way it can be explained to this line called control, it's called cooperation, right? However, here has one thing.

I want everybody understand now. You have to, I hope everyone, you have to understand it's the quantum way. Cannot understand it's the classical way directly.

It's a quantum. So which means they both happens not in here. The both happens in there.

It's a quantum. Earth element is here, but the earth element also can be any earth element out of space, right? If that's a quantum, how do we know this earth is not represented that earth? We don't know. How do you know your liver, what element is not represented in the other element out of space? Yes.

So how do you know your liver doesn't singing for the outer space the liver sing? Think of this way. You'll be proud of yourself. You are the dancing star.

Your body will be the picture of the universal dance. Right? Then you have to understand, once you understand this, then this line is not only earth, not a wood element. 100% has to be support the earth element.

Also earth element is 100% allow wood elements coming in. Also support wood element too. Energy always both way.

Love always both way. Never it's a one way street. The only show because for this sooner or later, we're going to change it.

Sooner or later you have to see this aura because if I put a one more this, you know, too complicated, ideally it's a both side. Never just one side street. Right? So you have to see that this way.

So the liver can deal because the most likely liver wanted to help. So therefore most likely you will see liver energy impact to the earth energy. You always see this way.

It's easy to see this way, right? But a very difficult to see, excuse me, earth energy impact to the liver. Still see that earth energy impact to the liver. What is earth energy impact liver? I'll give you an example, right? Childbirth, when the mother deliver the child, then lose a lot of blood, right? Blood.

The blood that we call the blood deficiency. If you have a blood deficiency, you have what? Qi deficiency. So the blood deficiency and the Qi deficiency all come from the stomach.

It's the stomach, right? When the earth, when the stomach of this organ has a deficiency, then what? Impact to the liver. Go back to the impact to liver. So what's happening when this one impact to the liver? What is the one of the common conditions as today after mother deliver the baby? Not the fever, anxiety, depression.

It's the blood deficiency caused. Cause the liver doesn't function right. That's from this side impact to that side.

Still can impact, just different ways. You have to look at it both way. You have to look at, because here I just, here I can talk to the many levels, many different way.

This one is not a simple. It's a simple to understand superficial way to apply this framework into your daily life. Into the, it's not easy.

If it's easy, everybody do it, right? Takes a lot of faith, a lot of understanding, a lot of practice. You have to again, again, again to use them. So you have to use them, not just take technique away.

You have to use this one at the spiritual way and emotional way. Name the system is yours. Otherwise system, just information allow you talk.

Look like you have a lot of knowledge. You have to use them, right? You have to use them. So earlier, I think you said that consciousness never dies and each of our organs has its own consciousness.

So do my organs really belong to me? Do I have the same organs the next life that I have? No, next life you don't have the same organs. So what happens to the consciousness of the organs that I have today when I die? Skype, go to the, go to the, what do we call the Skype? Oh, no, no, no. Go to the, what do you call it? No, no, no, no, no, no.

No, cloud. Go to the cloud. Goes to there.

So you all put your photo, go to the cloud, right? We send it to the cloud. So your liver, so you all go to the cloud, go to the universal library. So the next time, next life, and the people going to depend how do they like you to pick up the picture.

Go to the scan and then they see what do I want. So all the information will be still there, but they won't chose the same organ. The organ itself, that's a very good question.

I know you guys want to know. It's too tough to explain. I only can explain it this way.

Marines never change. The Marines is come from the spiritual journey. It's at your spirit make a decision.

Understand what I say? You have a body, you have a mind, you have a spirit. You have two things. You have a body, you have a spirit.

Body is come from your genetic line. Marines is come from your spiritual line. The two lines has to meet.

So that's why I say human being is the heaven, is the spirit. Earth is the body. Understand why that? Now I put it this way.

It's bloodlines, it's your earth. Your parents living in this earth generation to generation. That's the bloodlines.

Your spirit, every life is a different spirit. Just like apartment, your house. Owner can continue change.

It's the same house. Next life, you will be different spirit. But you might have the same body because the bloodline cannot change.

Material cannot change. But you might choose different kind of material for different purpose. Just like this life, you chose eyes, your mother's eyes, your father's nose.

You chose different purpose. For what? For allow the Marines, allow the spirit can use in this life. Next life, you have different purpose.

So therefore you chose a different material. How much you can do? You cannot do too much in the Marines, but you might can do a lot at your physical body. So that's why you can move your organs.

Understand? You can moderate that, you can reorganize, you can remoderate your kitchens, your bathrooms, but you cannot go too far because if you're living in apartment building, how far you can go? Even you living at the house, you still cannot go too far. Every town has its own law. You only can go how far is it because the footprint cannot change too much.

The Marines cannot change. But organ can change. So every life I have the same meridian system.

No, every life has a different meridian system because every life have a different purpose. So the meridian system changes to support my spirit. That's right.

The meridian happens is based on the spirit one that happens. The house is a limit. The car is a limit, but driving driver skill is unlimited, right? So if a driver has a good spirit, but I see that in the lousy car, the driver have to figure out how can I drive this kind of old Toyota or not older, whatever called the car, older car and drive safely still cross the country.

A car you cannot change, but driving skill can change, right? The body power you cannot change. You cannot change it too much. You cannot change.

So who is your parents and then that's it. You got it, you got it. You cannot change.

Your nose like your father, you cannot change too late. That's all cell already downloaded for this purpose. You cannot change it now, right? But the spirit can change.

The meridians can change. You can think, okay, my nose shape cannot change, but now you can think if a same nose, can I smell the snow? Can I smell the snow two days later, the snow come? Can you? You can. Some people can smell it.

Some patient will know because they based on the pain, my arthritis from the knee all the way down to my toe, I know it's a two inches snow. Yeah, some patient can know because they based on the other way. But can you based on the five things to do? That's the skill.

That's you have to enhance your meridians. Otherwise it doesn't do. So next time, next life, sign a good contract.

Yes, find a good lawyer to help you. You know, that's a greater way, that's in the other way to truly understand life. We already say that life is between heaven and earth.

So when you getting in, you have to understand what am I gonna do for this life? I wanna be the male, I wanna be the female. What am I gonna do come up? Everything is a set up before you born. Think of this way, you'll be very interesting understand a lot of issues.

Going back to vocabulary, when you were talking about the kidney, so we learned that the emotion that's related to the kidney is fear, but you mentioned about mystery. And so I wonder if in ancient China, if the vocabulary really was fear and whether or not it's, could it be the mystery and the unknowing that we interpret as fear because it's unknowing. You know, I was just wondering if the vocabulary really was fear.

No kidney emotions. Each one has their own emotions, right? Each organ has emotions. The fear emotions is related to the kidney.

That is the right, that it is to make sense. That's true, it is. But kidney has many different things behind it that's just emotions.

Emotions is just a personality, but personality can change, right? Have you found your personality change? So if your spiritual change, your personality change, right? The personality is based on your understanding, your emotions, your beliefs. So when the beliefs, other things change, your personality change. If your energy change, you are connected to the meridians level, you might change more because you see things more.

Then you'll be able to change more. Master Liu, so how do you find one, how do you find your purpose? If you say that you're choosing before you come in, how do you uncover what your purpose is in this life? Ideally, I cannot go, you know, that's a very big question, right? So short answer, difficult to do. So only can go back to the first line, we say foundation.

First foundation say, what it say? They are no accidents, right? If they are no accidents, each one of us has to see why you do, what kind of job you do. They are no accidents. Even they say, I don't have a job, so I need to do this to pay my rent.

Even do this to pay your rent, still no accidents. So everything what you do has a purpose, has one part of the fulfillment, your destiny. But you just have to see through this job, through what do you do, what do you gain at your spiritual and physical.

You made the point before that you can have a green thumb, a passion for gardening, but you also have to maybe pay the rent or just can't do that what you love. You know, how does that all work? Why if you're passionate and you have a green thumb and you can't make it, let's say, financially. You definitely can make it, just the financial, how much you make it the financial is your perception.

You only, when you're asleep, you only need what? Train back or whatever, you know, how much you need to sleep? You don't need a king size to sleep from that side, roll over to the other side, right? When you sleep in the straight or side and it depend how much you need a straight, when you walk out, you didn't carry the whole suitcase every 10 minutes, change your clothes, right? That today I change it, I only do the one day. Some people do twice a day, you know, they do for purpose. But if you're not doing for purpose, but you chose the today best one, then that's it, right? So you have to understand how much is enough, your perception, right? One last follow up to that, could there be a stagnation if one can't find his or her purpose and they're stuck, quote unquote, could there be a problem with the five elements? Yes, one can road to the other one.

So that's why it's a tender to very difficult concept, particularly a lot of professionals that you are here, you know, you deal with your patients when they come in one road to the other. And that's easy, you already say that one be covered on the other. One is a side effect of the other and there's so many things, the condition, all pop it out, how do we treat it? How do we treat it from all of these, each organs have a condition, how do we deal? You have to pick up the one or you pick up the two, right? How to deal with this? So that's the whole purpose of today, we are here, try to learn, you know, how do we deal with this kind of situation? And the simple, easy, without have too much mind, everything's a mind, right? How to diagnose that we use the mind? So once you diagnose the mind, then if you make a mistake, you totally make a mistake.

Right, how can we not make a mistake? We still can help people. Or how can we start something healing program for ourself without a misunderstanding or without a misdiagnosis, right? That's the whole purpose. So that's why we try to do these things.

We try to introduce this concept, right? Shout out concept. It's the concept, right? It's a different kind of framework. So this framework will make your list using your mind.

Don't use the mind. Mind is based on the past. Mind is based on the yesterday.

Life is a future. How can you use the past to understand future? You cannot understand future. Life is a mystery.

You cannot, you never can, right? So that's how we chose this concept. So the Chinese, which is exactly, the Chinese vocabulary, unfortunately here, you know, it's all will be simple way, will be the shout out, right? Understand one thing, the Chinese vocabulary is not English. When they become this, when you read this, has no meaning at all.

When you see this has a meaning. That's a picture, right? The Chinese vocabulary is a picture vocabulary. They say one picture is better than one.

Thousands of words, thousands of words, right? Thousands of words. This picture, the shout is the first, yeah, if you say X-I-A-O, but if I show you this, it's a huge difference, right? It's a huge difference. If we say shout, this vocabulary, translate the English can be many different ways.

Eliminate, something just have to pass, right? Releasing, peel off. You can have a many different translation, just like a vocabulary, how to translate it to English. You can have a many different way.

Peel off, digest, you know, digestions, all of this, right? He has one, two, three, four. I didn't put a one, that's the five. Number five, I didn't put on.

All of here is called eliminated, disappear, right? Digestion, peel off. All of this meaning, this four-point meaning is what? Out, right? From here, out, just take it out, move out. The last one I didn't put in, receive.

That's the secret I hold it. The best part is receive. That's exactly the doubt.

In order to receive, you have to let it go. Without the let it go, you cannot receive. So you have to let it go first.

You have to let it go completely. So that's called the shower. In the Chinese vocabulary, it's more beautiful.

This side is represented as the water, left side. In the top also represented as the water. The bottom is the moon.

Ancient, very ancient, that's ancient letters. So that's why ancient has ancient explanation. This vocabulary is called shadow.

Moon in the water. If a moon in the water, what did you see? Think of it this way. If a moon in the water, what do you see? You see shadow of the moon, right? You see shadow of the invisible.

You see shadow of the life source. The moon represent the life source, represent the invisible. But that invisible things, you are not directly say, see that, you see in the water.

You see the moon shadow. You see the moon reflection in the water. Does anyone have that kind of experience? See the full moon in the water.

You feel chill, right? Has different ways and touch you differently. That's the word of the shadow. Now think of this way.

How can you apply this concept? The word, vocabulary itself has a tremendous power and a spirit and a consciousness at that day. So we have to apply this concept into the program, right? To use this concept. Can we eliminate? Can we cure off? Can we let it go? In the end, can we receive, right? Can we see the real power and the shadow, invisible? That's the first vocabulary called the Xiao.

Now we'll go to the second vocabulary called the Dao. Let me see, do I have it here? Yes. Second vocabulary, right? Dao.

Now you can, yeah, that's most easy. English, you go to the vocabulary. They say, you know, any kind of vocabulary that will tell you guidance, transmit, right? Leading to them, right? That's all English can.

They only can do this way. Say, hey, I'm guide you. I'm lead you, right? I'm transform you.

That's called the Dao. Now, ancient time, the vocabulary itself is a total different. The vocabulary itself divided for the top and the bottom.

Top part and the bottom part. There's two things. Top part is exactly the vocabulary in the Chinese vocabulary called the Dao.

You know what is Dao, right? It's a universal law, the Dao. On the top is Dao. On the bottom is the inches.

One inch, one inch. It's exactly called the inches. So that means an inch on the bottom, Dao on the top.

What's that mean? Ancient time, they described this vocabulary. They called step by step, follow the Dao. Inch by inch, step by step, follow the Dao, right? Whole concept is you have to follow the natural law, follow the natural Dao.

It's not that you just come in, do something, lead me, why you lead me? Blind lead blind. You still become blind, go to the water, right? You have to follow the Dao, follow the truth, right? So that's what the Dao means. So therefore, when we put these two vocabulary together, Xiao Dao, they are not just like ancient time.

These two vocabulary in the Chinese medicine at the ancient time only means to good for digestive system. Anyone want to have a good digestive system, they say, take Xiao Dao herb. Because ancient time, the herb only used for digestive system.

But today, we are at the modern time. We're not ancient time anymore, at the modern time. So the modern time, we are not just to say, hey, we don't have a good digestive system.

Everybody is a big eyes, small stomach. You are bigger than your stomach and you eat more than what you can, right? As today, we are all greedy. We're constantly hungry, we go to internet, we even, you know, food is not enough.

We go to internet, we want everything, right? Constantly, our eye want to eat, our ear want to eat. Our nose want to eat, our mouth want to eat. We all want to eat constantly, we see, we see, we see.

We're greedy, we are not enough. Instead of say, hey, I get too much, I'm constipated. Now I better slow down, I'm getting bloated, right? I need a good digestive system, I need to digest.

I need to follow the natural law, right? I need to digest, I need to pure off. I need to eliminate all the not necessary stuff. How can we do that, right? That's the whole concept.

You put these two vocabulary together, that's the concept. We have to follow, right? We have to follow these two concept. One, let it go and receive the two.

Second one, we have to follow the dial, step by step, inch by inch. We're not going to follow the men's law, we follow the natural law. So if we can do this, disease cannot enter, life will come back, health can regain.

That's the whole concept. We're going to do this. Is it possible? Yes, from my opinion, from my many years of this experience, I see that, I see the so useful, I see the so easier without this complicated diagnosis and you still difficult to find what caused.

How many times you know when they come to you, your patient coming to you, and they never tell you the truth, right? Unless you ask it. Even you ask it, they still don't tell you the truth, right? They're hiding the information. They're hiding the information.

So without the perfect information, how do you know? They tell you the truth, right? We know two things, body never lie, right? Understand, body never lie. Second things, they are no accidents. Use this concept, I'm telling you guys, you should.

Real practice, they are no accidents. Every situation, can you use this concept, there are no accidents. If you want to go to this kind of natural healing, if you want this truly Chinese medicine spirit, you have to real grabbing it.

They are no accident, this concept, right? Based on these two things, then you will be able to see, see the condition, see the symptoms totally different ways. Now we go to this concept. If we need to use this concept, Xiao Dao concept, even though in this concept still has many different levels, they still has a body, mind, spirit level, right? Because we are not just a body, we have a body, mind, spirit.

We have a body, mind, spirit. So the every condition, all the condition, which today, whatever we call the illness and the disease, that happens always from the top down. It's from top down, never from bottom up.

But we only see bottom. All we see is effect. We never see cost, unless we really want to see.

If cost effect is from top down, how can we deal, how can we do something, or how can we start something came from the top down, right? How can we do that? How can we understand the conditions that happens because it's emotions, because it's their spiritual concept, their life, they are something they are not understand. They manifest at the physical body. Because we say that we go back to the five elements, right? Each body has elements, right? The body has elements.

Let me see, it's still there. Go back to this one again, right? Each organ has their own elements. Now we say, this element is organ itself, but this element also is outside the nature itself, right? Now follow me.

Outside the nature itself is nature, or outside the nature itself also is the moon in the water. When we see the tree, do we really see the tree, or we see tree manifest universal energy? Can we see that? Can we see the tree represent two years ago the spring energy show at this year? Can we see that? We don't see this. That's not what we're trained to see, right? We never see these things.

We say, oh, this year is pretty good. Oh, this year, mm, what's going on? Doesn't grow. My daffodil doesn't grow.

My hydrangeas are never born. That's all you see. You think they're dumb? They think they don't got enough fertilizer? No, the energy is not right.

They know, right? They follow the natural law, but we didn't follow the natural law. We based on, we follow the human law. Look at the human law, what we do.

Winter, here, I just showed. Today's winter, you go out, what you see? Cold, everything calm, peace, right? Everything go to where? Underground, underground. Underground, they are not sleep.

They reorganize, we accumulate all the nutrients, prepare for next year, for the spring, right? We see preparation, peaceful, and waiting for the next year to grow. That's nature. Calm, peace, and do good.

Now, look at the society, what do we do? Buy, buy, buy, buy, that's the last two minutes. This last day, it's the best to sell. Buy, buy, buy, do good.

Spend, spend, spend, right? Spend, spend, spend, let it go, let it go, let it go. So what's the end? Pocket empty. My energy's empty, my money's empty.

My mind's exhausted, right? Parties to parties, see? That's all we do against the natural law. What's happening? After this, spring, so many illness and disease. You see someone catch a cold, someone thinks, why? You're against the natural law.

That's the natural law. We didn't follow that, right? So we have to really enhance this kind of natural law. So each organ has their own consciousness.

This consciousness connect to the nature's consciousness. Nature's consciousness connect to the universal consciousness. All of this consciousness through your meridians and show on your physical body, three-dimensional physical body, and through your qi.

So you have to ask yourself, what kind of qi do you have now? What kind of energy do you have? What kind of consciousness level where are you now? So you have to prepare yourself this way in order you can follow the natural law flow. So we have to follow this natural law. We have to follow each element's natural law.

So we see the shell, peel off, let it go, right? We say we have to let it go. We have to let it go. So liver is a real represent how to let it go, right? Can you let it go? Can you be free? Can you flexible? If you're not flexible, how can you let it go? So you have to be flexible.

So you have to know how to let it go. So if you say, I can let it go and then I be empty, then I can receive. Once liver can say, I receive the energy, then we transfer it to the earth.

What does the earth can do? Digest, right? Transform. So we can digest all the issues, emotional issues, physical issues, conditions issues, pains issues. So you can look at all the different kinds of illness and the disease, it cannot be digested, right? Can we do that way? Think of this.

I just, now I shift them now, right? Digest. Digest think concept, it's not just for food. It's not to say, can I digest today's hamburger, the lunch when I just eat it.

Can you digest the food? Can we? So if a food can be digested, what is the food? Food is energy, right? Food is energy. So we can digest the food, we can digest energy. Make sense? Good.

Does your emotions is energy? Yes, right? So if a food is energy, emotions energy, then your digestive system should be able to digest energy, right? So therefore your stomach, your digestive system supposed to should be digest your emotions, right? So any kind of tumors, virus, right? Infections also can look like it's a materialized things. Can we digest? Can we peel off? Can we eliminate? Can we let it go? All can understand, can be understand by these two concepts, shout out. And it can be used in these two organs together.

That's the whole concept. So the question is, if we can follow this law, then we'll be able to deal all the conditions. At least that you can start with all the conditions, simple, easy way without make mistake.

Human make mistake. I stop at here. Any questions? Because otherwise, if I continue, it will be more difficult.

So then is it stomach and liver, the key, the two key points? Because you, I get now the stomach, that was amazing about the tumors. You have to digest everything, like kind of to get it all out of your body. Because if you don't let it go, it's kind of like the liver, it's you're not letting go.

And it's gonna manifest in all kinds of illness. So would it be stomach for, is it both liver and stomach is the pivotal way to go with this treatment? These two organs, or we call these two systems, is we are going to start. Treat together, both of those.

That's right. We need a team, that's right. We need a team.

So now I go back to the, again, all right? Often you see people say, which is a liver control the stomach. I say it's a cooperation, right? Now look at this cooperation. What's that cooperation means? Think of this, what kind of way they can be cooperation? Is a partner, husband, wife? What kind of way there has to be cooperate? You cannot separate anymore.

You have to understand, do not, individually you can look at the individual system. Each one, each one deal for different things. Each one deal different thing.

Each one deal different consciousness. But together, they deal much bigger. Which is when they together create harmony, one plus one greater than the two.

How can we create one plus one greater than the two? Is how can these two organs can function in harmony? How can we allow liver 100% participate, 100% waiting to step in? How can your stomach say, I'm not afraid, you will control me. I will allow you to take over, right? Have you seen find it? People blocking, doesn't want you coming. They afraid that you control me.

How can we allow the stomach to say, I can let it go? Come on, take it. Something we will say, right? You want to clean my house, clean, but don't touch this. This is my grandmother's stuff, right? So even you want to clean, don't touch that, right? I don't sell these things, they're very useful.

So how can we do that? How can we allow to think of this disease, that the illness is not useful anymore, or will we say, hey, I can let it go? Think this way. You said that we digest what we eat and we have to let it go and we digest what we feel, our emotions. But if we're not able to digest those emotions, does that then move us into the potential for a disease in the lung or the large intestine, like with grief, crying, because we become depressed? I assume if we can't digest those emotions, it can lead to depression or anxiety? Not the necessary.

No, okay. Well, what would happen then if we can't process them? Depending on what you want, you're definitely going to processing it. You're definitely going to processing it, you're just processing your way.

Your only way is that you're processing the way even you don't know. And then you go to the doctor, doctor doesn't know. No.

You need someone can read the different, read these signs. It's called a different language. I call that this language.

We have to establish new language called the body language, called the disease language. It's a different language. So ideas is different energy performed at a different place based on the, they are no accidents, right? They are no accidents.

We still go back to this, you know, that's my gold medals. They are no accidents. So if there are no accidents among all the disease, why you chose this one? Think of this way.

Then why you chose on your lung? Why you chose on your shoulder? Why you chose on your thumb? Everything happens for a reason. There's no such a called accidents. There's no such a thing as a called a mistake.

Okay, so then I was simplifying it by thinking, we want to stay in health. We try to process those emotions our own way. If we didn't, if we weren't able to stay, it would go to crying and lung disease or something is, that's really too simple.

That's too simple. Why you have to go to the lung? If you continue crying, no one's gonna listen to you. You're not gonna cry anymore.

Right? If I cry, who's gonna listen to me? No one cry, no one listen to me. So I wanted someone listen to me. Now look at this way now, I'm gonna to transform.

If I want someone listen to me, how do I do? I have to make a noise, right? I have to make something and then make it a scary, make it, oh, happens. I better listen to her, right? So what's happening? They will listen to me. Emergency, I go to emergency room.

Oh, your mother in the emergency room, why you still here? You better go. See, they start to listen. I'm in the emergency room, right? I'm a stroke.

Do you gonna listen to me? I'm a stroke now, you better listen to me. If I want you real listen to me, then I'm gonna to sit in the wheelchair. You definitely gonna listen to me.

I wanna go here, you pushing me. Everyone, we are gonna to use this power in a different ways. But that's too high, too, I say too complicated way to understand this.

But at least what we say, they are from the top down, but also came from bottom up. But generally speaking, bottom never go to the up. I'm sorry, I have to say that here, you know? So that's why you say, if bottom never go up, why you teach this? Right? If a bottom never go up, why I'm gonna teach you technique? I have a hope, see? I have a hope.

Hope is what? It's the Marines, it's the chi, it's the consciousness. Love, always from outside in, right? It's always from top down. But you continue stimulate love, stimulate the natural law, you follow the natural law, then outside the one day when you come in, that's the only way you can do.

If you just focus on the illness, the disease, no matter what you treat, you never can treat, because it never happen at here, that's just effect, it's not a cost. All right, only can do is, how can we stimulate each organ's spirit? Through this processing allow the spirit of the organ, listen, consciousness of the organ, fulfillment. By doing this fulfillment, they are part of the what? Natural law, right? So we say, earth element happen at earth, but also this earth element happens at where? Outside the universe, right? From today's quantum physics understand, if I'm my stomach turning outside the space, already turning, so that means what I do, I'm what I'm doing, I'm upgrading my software, right? Have you seen your cell phone, they constantly say, hey, you have 10 days, I haven't upgraded your software.

You need to upgrade. When I deal with this natural law, it's a natural law, so therefore, my stomach will reconnect, upgrade new software. My liver will upgrade my software, new software.

It's a natural law, it's not that your mind can see them, so that's why I call the quantum effect, right? You all understand? Wow, that means I'm graduated, right? Anything else? I can go a little bit faster, what? You better learn a bit, because once you understand, rest is pretty easy. You know, here's a little bit, it's a transition now, right? So in the morning, I talk about, you know, the morning I talk about the Chi, I talk about the Marines, because all of this is called a pathway to allow these things that can function. Do you understand? Your organ function, your organ is not materialized.

Materialized things always limit. It's non-materialized things that make more powerful, right? So non-material things, it's the Marines, it's your Chi, it's your consciousness, it's your spirit. They are more powerful.

So they are connected to the outside the universe, right? We just at the end of this universe, the end of this earth, you know, manifest different purpose. So we understand illness and the disease is the life of the balance, then cause the emotions of the balance, then the cause the physical body of the balance. So that therefore, the whatever called the conditions happens.

You can start to treat the condition, right? So one thing here, condition disappear, doesn't mean problem disappear. I want everyone really understand this concept. Condition disappear, doesn't mean problem disappear.

Doesn't matter what you do, doesn't matter you use a chicken, you use acupuncture, you use herb, you use, you know, medication, it's all the same. If you deal with the condition, condition disappear, doesn't mean problem disappear, right? Real pay attention of the disease. Just like if you have a poison ivy, you cut off the poison ivy, you don't pull the root, do you will kill the poison ivy? No, right? Everyone understand next month they go there.

You put the rock there, they go there. That's exactly, don't cut off the symptoms, right? The root has to be pulled out. All right, so hopefully I'm about, I'm going to ask a question that is related to what you're about to tell us.

So how do we diagnose the problem rather than the symptom? Patients come to us with symptoms. I don't want to treat the symptom. I want to understand what their problem is.

How do we get backwards? So that's why we do it this way. So we will look at this way. No matter what kind of symptoms, that's what I say.

No matter what kind of symptoms, we always came from digest the system, this angle to say you cannot digest, right? If you can digest the emotions, you don't have emotional problem. If you can digest energy stagnation, you don't have energy stagnation problems. If you can digest the block clock, then you don't have a block clock problem, ideas you cannot digest.

From digest the system, you can say that this way, right? The second way to go with the flow. If everything you can go through, how can you have an emotional stuck there? If everything you can go through, how can you have a food stuck there? If everything can go with the flow, how can you have a cancer stuck there? Because the cancer, nothing go through, stuck, right? So therefore you came from the flow concept to say, it's nothing flow, stuck. Or you can say from digest the angle, you can say you're nothing digest, you're stuck too.

So therefore these two organs, these two systems related to the liver and the stomach. Therefore it doesn't matter what kind of condition is, as long as you have a conditions, I always can understand that from digest the system and from the go with the flow system, I just started with these two organs. I'm going to just make sure these two organs that can meet the requirement of the natural flow.

That's it, that's how I'm gonna start first. So if I'm gonna start right, your spirit will wake up. You will wake up and say, hey, I gotta help.

Then I see that, then your spirit might stay out, take over to say, yes, it's time to change. See, this way we don't treat the disease, we don't treat the illness, we enhance the organ function. We help your spirit, your each organs spirit or each organs consciousness can reach to the highest level.

That's the concept. Master Liu, this morning you mentioned that you were giving an example on the five element framework and you had mentioned that a liver issue overall could manifest as both a skin lung issue and as a digestive issue. Is that typically seasonal? Would like, if the root of the problem was the liver, it would then manifest in the fall as a lung issue and late summer as a digestive issue or is that, how does that work? Could you just talk more about that? Okay, I only can put it this way, all right? We say each organ has its own element.

Each element connect to different seasons, right? What is that real means? Think of this, what does that mean? Connect to season, like I'm going to do, like now is the season of the winter. What does that mean? That means right now, winter is water element, right? Right now, which means right now it's winter. That means right now, water element is in charge.

Water element, almost like everywhere you can easily get water elements material, like water money. It's for free. Think of it this way, it's for free.

Water elements, now it's winter. Winter is water elements. That means everywhere you are very easy to get water elements, right? Now the question become, if you want to cook with water element, if you're missing, you're cooking ingredients, missing the water element, do you easy to get it? Everywhere you can get it.

You don't have to order the phone at Amazon. You can just go to your backyard, pick up. Everywhere is water element.

So therefore, you are very easy to see because so easy, so convenient. So you are easy to make it water problems, right? Because everywhere you can have. Make sense now? Piggybacking off of the last question, if it's a liver issue that it's rooted in the liver and it manifests as a skin problem and it also manifests as a digestive problem, then how do you tie it back to the liver as the real root when it's already gone in these many directions? How do you? Body never lie.

The body always. So that's why I take a skill to ask you the question, to ask you the location, location, location. Remember who you are, where you are, how, where? Where's the location? Where's the symptoms? Location.

So that's why we didn't, I didn't, we didn't go through that a little bit. So there'll be supposed to be tomorrow a little bit. So we're going to all finish today.

I don't have to see you tomorrow. Because different Marines run through different part of body. So based on the Marines that go through the body part, the location also can help us.

So that's why Marines is so unique because of through the location, right? The body never lie. Then we can base on the location, give us information. Also can base on the patients, their complaint.

But even though they complain, you have to be smart enough to know how to ask you the question, right? Just like how to throw the rock to know is the water or is the ground, right? So how to ask you the question is a very important. So in the Chinese medicine, how to ask you the question is one of the most important skill. You have to learn how to ask you the question.

You, if you know how to ask the question, usually the question after asking, you know everything. Just ask you the question. You don't need a diagnosis.

You just ask you the question. It's a different, totally different kind of, different kind of skill. How to ask you the question.

Then you want this question come out from the patient's mouth instead you say that, that's the best. After they say that, they say, oh, that's it. You're done, whole treatment is finished.

That's the best. You should lead them, they slowly lead them to, you know, you set up this kind of way, let them in, in, in, boom. They say that.

They suddenly realize why I say that. So because they say that, think of this, when they say that that way, from invisible become visible. They manifest in this reality.

Now they see themselves. That's the one that they do. That's different, different things.

If everything's connected, how is it that the heart is the most common end game for everyone? And was it because it is the king? And that's why the king stands until the end. Yeah, that's it. See, this morning we say, you know, number one illness, a disease as of today is a heart disease, right? Women and men, both has this kind of disease.

Now why this disease is difficult to treat is a misunderstanding, right? We misunderstanding each organ's position. We think heart disease, you should show the condition. But we never understand in the disease, you need the relationship, heart is the chairman.

Chairman doesn't care. Name CEO, CFO hiding the information, or they say they are bodyguard, take the problem first. Without the, they are afraid to be fired.

Right? So they take over first. So generally speaking, I'm telling you, look at this path will help you. Generally speaking, the heart disease, when it happens, first go to the stomach.

Because of this oral, the energy easy from the higher go to the lower. Very difficult from the lower go to the higher. That's the one of the natural law.

So therefore, when the heart has the issue, the easier slow this issue to the bottom, right? Think of this, if you have a ball, I tell you so high how difficult, slow low is easy, right? So easy push the condition problems down. So therefore, you can see often, or we say 99% of the time, stomach issue. Stomach issue is always come from the heart.

But we never pay attention, think it's a stomach, it's a heart issue. Most of the time, we deal with the stomach. Then good Chinese medicine doctors, because they have the other skill, they can pose diagnosis, you know what I'm saying? They can feel the pose.

Then they say, oh, it doesn't make sense. This kind of pose is a heart issue. So if you don't have this diagnosis skill, then you might misunderstanding the information.

So because the information show a lot of stomach issue, you will never to see because the stomach issue is caused by the heart. Very difficult to see, unless you have other kind of diagnosis tools to help you, most time you don't see. Once the stomach has issues, the second one, where they go? They go to here, goes to the kidney.

Become a kidney issue. Then the kidney issue turn into the liver issue. Liver issue go back to the stomach again.

Then the second time, when the liver issue go back to this, the second time, and the stomach will impact to the lung. Until that time, then go back to one more circle. That's it, finished.

Never can repeat again. Because they go through this kind of cycle. They go through this way.

That's it, done. Then until second time come back, artery blocked, everything's blocked. Then you need to do bypass, you need to do other things, too late.

Too late, because this part never found, this one go through the twice. Stomach go through the twice. It's almost impossible at the short time to go back to again.

You already under so many medications. It's too late. So if you see this earlier at the here, or at the here, or even at the here, deal immediately, you'll be avoid this problem.

The heart disease, in my opinion, is 100% can prevent, 100%. Because the heart, think of this way. When he ask this very good question, we think, we misunderstand, we think the heart is the organ.

Why this organ doesn't take responsibility, right? Every organ do the job. Stomach need to do job, liver need to do job, kidney need to, why heart doesn't need to do job? Heart need the job, but heart doesn't deal this job. In this reality, heart only need to deal when be happy, when came in love.

Heart deal love, do you understand? Heart doesn't deal worry, you a problem. That's not my problem. Heart say, don't give me the problem, give me the solution, right? Heart deal love.

So that's why they say, you talk to the God, you talk to the nature by heart, not by mind. The mind's here, mind's here, mind's here. The heart is talking from your heart.

It's beyond the mind. So the heart deal how to connect to the universe, outer space. So the heart doesn't care.

It's not it doesn't care, that's not his business. So that's why he doesn't function that way, right? It's not that he doesn't function, he function different kind of reality. The heart has to be, heart has to put it this way.

Heart is responsible for your 95% of brain can function, connect to the outside of space. Put it that way, right? We only know we function 5%. What's the 95%? 95% is the heart deal.

And that 95% is to deal invisible stuff. It's not a deal of visible stuff. Visible stuff that you guys deal.

It's not a heart gonna deal. Heart doesn't deal these things. So that's why when the condition go back to that, too late, right? It's too late.

But however, I'll go back to his question again. I'm gonna throw this one since it's open. Everything's possible, right? Because it's a heart.

It's the most difficult situation, but also it's the most easy situation. Because the heart can create a heaven, heart can create a hell. It's the most powerful thing, the organ.

If the organ, the moment can understand on purpose enlightenment will happen. And condition can be overnight fixed. But unfortunately, not many people can let it go 100%.

So therefore, you don't function the requirement of the heart. You don't listen to your spirit, right? You listen to your mind. How many people will you listen to your heart? Think, how many? Only when you're falling in love, you listen to your heart.

Even though your mother say, are you crazy? You go out with him. You still listen to the heart. You don't care, right? You're only falling in love at that time.

But most time you listen to your mind, you don't listen to the heart.