We covered the Meridians, we covered the acute points, right? so Once we've done this and now you understand one of the important things Where does life come from? Life comes from, we say Heaven and Earth. But you have to concede or combine it into your human body So what can we make that and energetically can function in this physical body? It's the Meridians. So therefore you can say the one thing, very important things you can say, you have two bodies.

You have a physical body, you have an energetic body. So the Meridians is your energy body. So you have to love your energy body because without this energy body the physical body Just shows, just materializes. 

It's there. You understand? So when you are dying, how do we define that people die? It's energetic body out. See? When your energy body out of this physical body, so we define you are dying. 

You're finished. It's what? It's energetic body out. So Meridians out.

Right? Your organs still there. Each part of your body is still there. What are they missing? They're missing the Qi.

Right? If just missing Qi, if Meridians still function Then they can deliver the Qi. Just like you run out of oil, you can call an oil company and they deliver the oil. You feel that you still have to heat. 

Right? So power off, you know, they send the power and the light is still on. However, if the light bulb is out, the wire is to be cut. If they send the power, useless.

Understand that kind of concept? So the Meridians is the most important thing. Right? The Meridians is the most important thing. So after this one, we can say the one very simple question. 

At the beginning we say who you are. Who am I? Who you are, how you are, where you are. But all of this, what we talk about, we just talk about the physical body, right? So the real question you should ask, real who you are, is what kind of Meridians you downloaded before you were born.

That's a real who you are. That's energetic who you are. That's your own personality.

Everything what you can see the personality come out, just a portion, a part of your capability. You're still missing the gigantic, you're missing the whole other possibilities of who you are. You haven't have a chance to show.

But unfortunately, we might see tiny small things we show ourselves. But we never look at these two small things that can be connected, generally speaking. For example, you can be just, okay, you can be say, I'm business man. 

I'm business woman. But you love a garden. Think of this, you love gardens. 

You love flowers. You have a great gift. You have green thumbs. 

Every flowers die, you take home, you do that, they bloom again. Then you have to look at this angle. If they are no accidents, what does that tell you? What does that tell you? You have a special relationship with the natures, with the part of nature, not just the whole nature, right? It's a part of the nature with the dead, almost, in other people's eyes that it's died. 

It's garbage. But in your hands, you have green thumbs. You have a passion. 

You have a love. You can turn almost what they call the die, back to the life, right? So how can you transform this concept through the plane to the human? Think of it this way. If you can do it, that would be magic, right? Every Sunday, we line up on the church. 

You just say, may my God help you touch the next, not touch it again, right? Unfortunately, who doesn't get it? It's not impossible. It's possible. What are we missing here? Access code.

Access code of the life. It's the code. It's access code to the life because through your Marines, through the other human beings of Marines, what's happening? It's a chance to form the information, right? We say Marines is the network.

It's a network of the life to life, right? You are life. So through you touching the other person, what do you touch? You think it's energy. Your energy compared for the nature.

Nothing. Nothing you can compare. Someone say, oh, I have tremendous power. 

I say, who the hell are you? Right? Oh, my grandfather is a master. My father is a master. I say, so what? I say, my grandfather is a son.

My mother is a moon. So who the hell are you? Right? You cannot compare them this way, right? So if you compare the kind and also it's for free. You still cannot get it, right? So we have to rethink this.

If each one of us download this message, download this energy force network inside with us, there are no accidents. So in our entire life, do we have a chance? Do we really use this opportunity fully? Do we allow us to fully experience all the possibilities and opportunities? Can we see through the garden, through the flowers can transform this kind of gift for other things? Can we? We should really ask this kind of question, right? We should really know these things. So that's why the acupuncture is a very important thing.

It's one of the important things because you are, we are manipulated. We are not manipulated. We try to stimulate this life path.

Try to give the signal to say, hey, wake up. Something needs your help. Understand what I say? To really manipulate it, almost impossible.

Almost impossible. Almost impossible. You should really recognize it this way because they are much bigger than who you are.

You only can see. You only can show. Each practitioners, every one of us is the mirror.

We become mirror, right? If you practice energy, you become mirror. So you just front of the sea, allow their energy to recognize. It's hope.

It's not to say, I can heal you. Don't do that. That's the wrong concept.

You only can show, see? I use this knowledge. You have knowledge. You have wisdom.

You can do this too. They are ten times more smarter than you because what? Marines has wisdom. Energy has wisdom, right? They are life source.

They are same thing like you directly connect to the life source. We come from the same source. Just each one of us function differently.

That's very important. Do not let your ego step in to say, I can do that. Then the second thing here once we talk about these Marines, talk about acupuncture, that's one of the things you will find very important things.

They say, hey, why? I go there. I try the acupuncture. It doesn't work.

You try acupuncture. A lot of people try acupuncture. It doesn't work.

It's not acupuncture doesn't work. There's two issues. One is the person themselves.

The person themselves, whatever what they do doesn't allow their Marines to real become more sensitive. Why? A lot of physical issue, chemical issue. If you take a lot of drug, if you already do so many other things, confused make these Marines not become sensitive anymore, right? Also, you might see a lot of pretty serious damage, physical damage most, right? Surgeries, car accidents, or other things.

So the Marines become damaged. So therefore, they don't receive the signal. They lose the sensitivity.

So therefore, acupuncture doesn't get it. Because acupuncture is very, very difficult. I'm telling you what are the difficult things.

Okay, I don't need to use this one. Think about acupuncture needle, anyone, most people can see. Acupoint is almost the same size of the acupuncture needles.

That's acupoint. So you tell me, how can you put the needles directly to the point? Even I show you the light, your hand is still shaking. You can take it.

Impossible. Do you understand? Almost impossible. So therefore, why I'm doing acupuncture? 99.9% of the time, no one put the needles exactly in the point.

If you're in the point, miracle happens. You don't in the point. So what do you do? You will needle into the field, energy field.

Because in this meridians, think of this, right? If meridians go straight, then the point itself has a spiral because energy into the point make the kind of spiral. Depends how strong you are. The healthier you are, that circle, the field, energy field, point field become bigger.

So therefore, when you do the needles, you almost close in this field. So you still stimulate a little bit. Right? You are not exactly in the point.

If you're exactly in the point, something happens. Almost difficult. But difficult doesn't mean we don't do that, right? We still do that.

There are so many acupuncturists. Every year, how many acupuncturists graduate for the acupuncture school? If it doesn't work, they don't go to school, right? Still work. But the work, we have to understand here is one thing.

How do we define the acupuncture work? How do we define? Because most people say, yeah, acupuncture work. I have a headache, I go there. He doesn't treat the headache.

He only treat the headache. He doesn't treat what cause the headache, right? So you use acupuncture to treat the symptoms. You don't use acupuncture to treat what cause the symptoms.

See the difference? So the acupuncture, good things about the Chinese medicine, use acupuncture. It's not to treat the condition, to treat what cause the condition. It's a cause effect.

Most time, we only treat the effect. We never treat the cause. Doesn't matter.

You say, I use herb, I use acupuncture. If you don't understand what cause, you still treat the symptoms. Only difference, you use needles, right? So we have to change this kind of mind.

We have to understand in order acupuncture can work, there's two issues. One, the person has to be open, energetically open. The Marines has to be sensitive.

Otherwise, it doesn't do that. It's based on who you are. Do you understand what I say? Who you are is the Marines.

Think of this concept. I always make a joke. It's not joke.

People ask me, what's different? What's the difference between acupuncture and herb? Think of this whole concept. What is different? It's a huge difference. Acupuncture almost like, think of this.

Before I talk about this, think about the money. Everybody understand money. Who doesn't understand money? So if you have a lot of money, you don't know how to use the money, what do you do? You're going to hire, finance a device, right? They give you a device how to invest your money, investment, because you have money.

If you don't have money, why you need to finance a device? What do they can do? They cannot do anything because you don't have money, right? Think of this. So that means what? If your Marine doesn't function, acupuncture doesn't help. Acupuncture become finance a device.

It's based on that you have to have a chi. Otherwise, my needle doesn't do anything. You have a car key.

If the car doesn't have a gas, no matter what you turn, engine doesn't start, right? You need a chi. Then the needle can stimulate. But even that still doesn't stimulate it because if your body doesn't respond, your Marines doesn't respond.

So even that way, acupuncture still doesn't work. So the joke become sometimes a miracle. Miracle never is acupuncture.

It's always the patient. If you're lucky enough, you meet some patient. They are so sensitive.

All you need is just a touch. Wow, miracle happen. They think, oh, he's great acupuncturist.

No. Yes, I'm powerful. No.

The patient is so good. You're lucky enough. You're lucky enough.

You meet the right patient, just touch, boom. But the herb is totally different. Herb you don't have.

Even you are weak, you don't have energy, herb can help you. But if you don't have energy, acupuncture cannot help you. Remember this.

If you don't have energy, you do the acupuncture couple session, you don't see the result, don't go. Waste your money and waste your time. You should go home.

Recultivate yourself. Take a rest. Build up your energy.

Then you go. Because you're still alive. Remember we say Marines is a live network.

So if you bring back life, then you bring back to sensitivity. Then you go back to the acupuncture. You might see the good result.

That is the here. So you people have to understand one day when you do these things, you will see what's going on. Sometimes it doesn't work.

It's not the needle that doesn't work. It's either you or the person. So very important because they are energetic network.

They are real personality. Your personality later change. It's based on the Marines.

So that's why good acupuncture can change your whole consciousness. Whole consciousness can change by needles. Can change it.

Because they allow you to download something. So some patients will see after needles they have a different kind of dream. But they never associate it because I have this kind of dream.

It's your acupuncture did it. The ancient time they even master they can do the special acupuncture to make you have a special dream. In the dream they teach you or something.

Totally different way to deal with these things. You see the five circles, right? Don't see these as the five circles. Don't see anything.

Just to see it's the five individual information. Classical information network is a one by one. A to B, B to C, C to Z. It's a straight line.

Until today in the modern life so we find the modern life that information cannot be this way. Has to be connect. Each one of the information they can connect each other.

It's the information connecting network. The symbol. But takes 100 years to let the modern science to recognize information as you need a way to connect each other.

We cannot separate. We cannot go A past the information to the B straight lines. Has to interrelate each one.

So flat this kind of network of the information network. The Chinese already figured out that for thousands of years ago. By these five elements they say everything.

If you dump into this framework they are all connect. So that's why they call the five element framework. Right? I just add consciousness because I believe that because the Chinese that time Chinese always all the time they, how to call, the Chinese language.

The Chinese language is a progress. At the beginning one word can translate as of today two or three sentence. That time only need one word.

Right? So that time is less the word. It's more understanding. So that's why secret easy to hiding behind the words.

Today doesn't have that kind. Today everything have to write down by sentence. So therefore difficult to hiding the information.

The only way they can hiding information is deliberately miswriting the whole sentence. Deliberately cheating you. There are a lot of Chinese book deliberately cheating you.

Deliberately they put the information upside down inside out. So they believe only true guys can find the truth. Most people cannot find the truth.

Right? That's deliberately. But ancient time they don't have to because the world is the world. One is there.

Right? The ancient time they put it this way. They only say this five element chart. But they don't put the Chinese didn't put consciousness there.

But everything what they talk about is consciousness. All the Chinese is talk about the consciousness. Because they put elements.

They don't put organs. They discover the elements first. So that's why it's called five elements network.

It's five elements of consciousness. So before we go down this path we have to understand each element's consciousness. It's elements.

The whole purpose of this is understand elements first. Then we say what? It's a category. Right? We say the Chinese medicine is to try to put a similarity.

So everything is in this similarity and they belong to this element. See? What they do? They say, okay, generally speaking the whole world can divide five basic elements. The wood elements.

The fire elements. The earth elements. The metal elements.

And the water elements. Generally speaking. You can divide this five basic elements.

So in these elements there are many different things that can bump into. So each element has its own element consciousness. Think this way.

What is the wood consciousness? What is the water consciousness? What is the earth consciousness? What is the metal consciousness? Right? And the superficial level definitely you can see. Okay? That most of the time you always go to it. Yeah, people say, see, look at the wood, you know, if we burn the wood, turn it to the fire.

Right? Makes sense. That's why, yeah, you have a fireplace. You dump the wood.

You have a fire. So fire after burn and then turn it to the ash. Ash is the earth.

Yeah, makes sense. You know? Up three. Makes sense.

And then the earth can, if earth buried down under the ground long enough, you turn it to the minerals. It makes sense too. Right? Yeah, makes sense.

Then the minerals can turn to a lot of minerals. All the minerals is the water. Water can be a mineral.

What's the water? H2O. It's mineral too. It's a different kind of mineral.

Then the water can nurture to the tree to grow. That's good. That's superficial.

That's another consciousness. Understand? That's a materialized five elements. The sphere of the five elements has nothing to do all of these things.

That's just a superficial level. It's okay. You can use it this way, make you understand.

That's fine. But you don't get a sphere. The sphere, that's what we need.

We need a sphere. We need a consciousness of five elements. I'll give you one because we need to do this.

We need the wood. I do the wood first. Classical way you go to that, you always see they change it.

They put the heart on the top. So I've switched. I put the wood on the top.

That's the consciousness way when the top is the most important thing. Today's life, liver is the most important thing in modern life. So that's why we put the wood on the top.

Right? Because it's a framework. It doesn't matter how you want to read. Any angle you can turn depends on how you want to turn.

Wheel doesn't matter. The sphere of these five element consciousness is everything is connected. That's it.

That's the sphere. Everything is connected. To understand one, you have to understand whole.

You cannot separate. So therefore we understand first wood. The wood element is one of the most unique element.

Because this element can transform invisible to the visible. There's not many elements that can do these things. Around these five elements.

Only wood element can do most. Right? That can do most is allow our human being can see. Right? Your eye most likely you see.

And you also, what do you see? Tree. What do you see? What? Wood element. What do you see? Now winter.

What do you see? You see all just branch. Right? What you see is a branch but you don't see the root. Right? The root is what? It's invisible.

Right? So the invisible, the root connect to the earth. Connect to the invisible energies. The visible tree is to show as the wood element.

But we never see as the root. Right? But the root is invisible. So the tree will be able to follow the season change, transform the invisible, become visible.

Until spring. What do we see? We see life come out of the trees. Green show up.

That's transform. Right? Transform from the invisible energy become visible energy. Now the summer, season change.

What do we see? Season change. We still most likely how do we say season change? One is from the feeling. Right? We're getting warm.

Summer warm. Or what else do we see? Nature. Right? See? Nature.

Nature is based on the most of what we call nature is based on what? Wood element. Easy to see. Flowers, trees.

The all is to see from visible, invisible to the visible. Even seasonal change. Wood element still become vehicle.

Transform this invisible become visible. Now look at the fall. When the fall come, what's happening? Tree turn to the color.

Beautiful. Right? Invisible to the visible. Again.

Now the winter transform again. So the tree, wood element has a unique way. So that's why in the Nei Jing which is the one of the Chinese medicine bible, they say that the spear of the wood or the spear of the liver, Chinese call it the Hun.

It's that spear can carry on the heart spear, can carry on the entire spear in and out into the human beings. Right? Can carry on. It's a shadow.

It's a shadow of the spear. Or it's the body guard of the spear. It's allowing you to see.

You see the liver? That's the spear of the one of the wood element. Right? Can transform the invisible to the visible. But tree, wood element also has what? Fearness.

Fearness is another just to say you are cowboy, fearness, you don't care. No. Fearness, that kind of fearness is the highest level to understand life be promised.

The future be promised. Right? Life will be promised. So that's why they can grow.

Look at the tree. How do we grow? The wood grow. Tree grow.

Tree has to be grow. As long as it has water, it has the sun, they always grow. But the highest they grow, what's happening? They might be killed if a wind come.

Right? Because the highest is dangerous. But you never see any tree say because dangerous, I'm not going to grow. Right? Have you seen the tree not grow? They're all hiding the one each other.

Oh, you go. I'm hiding behind you. Oh, you never see the one tree because they don't get enough sun.

They're depressed. They're complaining. They need a therapist.

Call the tree therapist. I'm depressed. I don't get enough sun.

And then they text to the God, text to the say, hey, it's unfair. Why me? In the summer, I get less the sun. No.

They understand natural processing. Right? Fearness. They still grow.

No matter what, they know life is there. I'm just completely grown. But they grow also has to be meet the requirement of the flexible.

If they are not flexible, wind will kill you. So they have to be flexible. They have to be meet the requirement of the go with the flow.

That's called the consciousness of the wood elements. Now, only difference is here. Chinese medicine is smart enough.

They believe if we are part of the nature, we should apply this concept into our health. So therefore, the wood is the similar or is the same frequency of the wood elements. It's the same consciousness of the wood elements consciousness.

So in order my liver function getting better, my liver should function same consciousness as the wood consciousness. You guys follow me this way? So which means you already got one of the framework how to keep healthy liver function. You got it? You just need to follow wood consciousness, natural law.

So if you can follow the natural law, you definitely have a healthy liver function. Flexible. Fearless.

Go with the flow. Right? Understand there are no accidents. Life is to be promised.

Tomorrow always beautiful. Right? Liver never complain. Sunny day, shining day, crowding day, a lot of water, doesn't matter.

We can constantly complain. Tree never complain. Right? Continue grow.

That's the element. That's the wood element. Can you, can we, does our liver can transform and the invisible become visible? Does our liver can do this kind of concept? And then let it go? Instead of hold something we want, we don't want it, we get anxiety, we get angry.

No. Right? If we do this, we get a damage. We get a damage, we have a problem.

I'll give you the other element because we have to talk about that. Each one is the element. Each one has their own spirit.

Right? We give the other element, like the earth element. When we look at the earth element, what the earth elements can do? Everything can grow. Right? No matter what.

You dump it into this earth, they can grow. They can process it. They can digest it.

So that's why we call earth, it's a mother earth that can digest the system. They can digest. For what? Digest the society.

Digest the time. Digest the year. Digest everything.

Nothing cannot be digested in this earth. Everything can be digested. This concept you apply to your digestive system.

What else? You won't have a problem. You won't have a problem. Anything.

Nothing you are allergic to the gluten-free or allergic to the peanut. Nothing will feel allergic anymore because you can digest. Right? This earth never say, I digest.

I'm allergic to someone. You cannot live in this earth. I kick you to the moon.

Have you seen the earth do that? Earth doesn't matter, good man, bad man, you know, good guy, bad guy. They all can stay here. It doesn't matter.

It's enough space. Right? You die, I digest you. You are not dying.

I still manifest to you, so it doesn't matter. Earth doesn't care. Stable.

Right? Stabilize. It doesn't matter. Even they move, but it doesn't move.

Can you imagine we constantly feel earth shake? No, right? We own the ground. We're stable. So ground own it that way.

Stabilize. That's the earth sphere. Stabilize.

Not fly too high. Right? Can be on the center always. So if we apply this concept into this, into our health, then we have a sphere.

We won't have any kind of physical issues. So each element has their own sphere. They are purpose living for their own consciousness.

Own ways. I show the other one to you. So for example, we're going to show the water.

All right? Water elements. What do we see the water elements? Right? Water elements flexible. Very flexible.

Right? No matter what kind of shape you put it in, water can change its shape. Water elements doesn't say, I don't like it. I'm not going to come in.

Water doesn't matter, right? One drop of water even can go through the stone, can make the holes. It doesn't matter. Water has that kind of power.

Softness become hardness. Right? That kind of softness, the water, make us to see that essence, the consciousness in the water elements. Softness.

Connect together. Right? Connect together. But also create a mystery.

Right? Water elements create a mystery. Water elements connect to totally different time. I give you invisible time.

You all look at me. What are you trying to say? This is my time. Now it's 1155.

That's another water element time. That's the sun element time. Most we function based on the sun.

That's the time. We never function based on the water time. Think of this whole concept.

If you change the time, what's happening? Your biological change. Your inside DNA change. Your whole life will change.

Because your element time change. See here, a lot of women. Your time is based on the water time.

Your biological time is based on the water time. That's why you're a woman. Your menstrual cycle is based on the water time.

It's based on the moon time. You're not based on the sun time. So that's why your menstrual cycle is based on the moon time.

Based on the water time. So therefore, your menstrual cycle, the water, is blood. But connected to this water.

So therefore, you connect to the water. Most women, it's water. So that's what I say.

If you try to be the powerful, become mountain, you're against your own nature. So that's why I always tell my patients, the women patients, don't be the mountain. Don't be the tough.

Be the water. That's who you are. Your essence.

The elements. Water elements. Flexible also.

Also, water elements, it's in the other water elements, can show visible to invisible, right? There's another kind of element. There's only two. One is the wood element.

Second one is the water element. Because water element is what? Once a month, right? When the moon change, water change, right? A moon is an invisible energy, right? Doesn't see them. But they come.

When this invisible energy change, they turn to the visible materialized earth. The water shape change, right? So the whole earth, water change, visible, invisible, we can see. So therefore, water also has one spirit, one consciousness can transform, can perform visible and invisible.

You can be very soft. You also can be very powerful, right? So that's why when we say, when we look at these five element charts, we are not just looking at the superficial materialized things. We have to look at the essence.

We have to look at the consciousness of each element. So therefore, these elements, this consciousness provide the framework to allow us to use the power. Give us what we use, why we need this framework.

You know, why we need something. Because this framework allows us to see nature's law, not the human law, right? It gives us the nature law, what we see. You know, we can see.

They give us a couple of things, they call it relationship, right? First we call it relationship. It's a materialized relationship. They give us the framework, to see materialized framework.

So what we do is this materialized framework, what you see. Okay, so if that's the wood, that's the fire, that's things. If we dump the human body into this framework, now what do we see? So we will not see the elements anymore.

We're going to see the human body now, right? So what we see? We see, okay, my liver, we relate it to my heart. My liver also can relate to my stomach. My liver also can relate it to my lung.

My liver also can relate it to my kidneys, right? So therefore I can see the other things. I can see my lung also can impact to my liver, so my kidney also can impact to the liver. My stomach also can impact to my liver function.

So what you see here, you see the one called interrelationship of each organs. You cannot separate anymore. You cannot say my liver is my liver problem.

No, your liver problem is my problem. Right? Your anger impact to my anxiety. It is your problem is my problem.

All right? So your liver, your liver anger, so when you affect to the stomach, so your reflux will come out, your soul getting burned. So it's the liver problem, or is the stomach a problem, or is the both a problem? So you can see this relationship change. Once you see that this, okay, so if I'm getting anxiety, I'm getting angry, my liver function disorder, I can impact back to my lung, so that's why every time I'm angry, my skin getting more itchy.

Otherwise, you would go to the dermatologist, constantly change the different kind of cream or different kind of medication, doesn't see the result. Why? You never deal your anger. It's liver function.

It's never your skin issue. Right? You deal with the wrong thing. All right? So you add here, you can see so many things, and this framework, it will allow you see so many, today's modern disease, why and how, this framework all tell you.

I give you the other things. Number one killer for women is heart disease. Right today, men and women, both is a heart disease.

Now look at this framework. Does anyone can see why, how? We see the heart. The heart here.

Heart has many issue. Heart can connect to the liver, right? So which means if liver has issues, will impact to the heart, right? If stomach issues can impact to the heart, right? If lung issues can impact to the heart, if kidney issues can impact to the heart, right? So we see the heart is not just a heart itself now. Heart related to each every organs.

That's the first step we understand. Second step, we say, each organ has a particularly their own emotions, just like every person, one family has a brother, sister. Each one has own personality, right? Think of it, it's a personality.

Liver has a liver personality. What is a liver personality? ADD. It's a liver personality.

If liver doesn't, you don't have ADD, there's something wrong. I say ADD is a gift. It's the highest gift.

When I was a kid at high, you know, kindergarten, I'm the one of the worst ADD. Look at today, I'm still good, right? I'm not too bad. The turnout is pretty good.

You know, we say the cook is pretty good anyway. Liver is ADD. Moving, constantly moving.

So the liver constantly to expression, right? Look at the wood, expression, right? If it got energy, liver has to, wood has to show. Flower has to be bloom, right? Expression. So how does the liver get the expression? Emotion.

Emotions. Anger. Frustration.

That's the way allow to expression. So now look at here, that's the guideline of the emotions. If you have angry, your anger feeling, frustration, that's natural.

If you don't, you are something wrong. Understand what I say? I hope everyone understand. If you don't get depressed, you are something wrong.

That's today. If you're depressed, that means you're still alive. I say God bless you.

You're alive. Because you're depressed. Why? You feel something you cannot do.

You're depressed. That's it. It is life, right? Definitely you're alive.

You say you're depressed and you don't feel, that's something wrong. Right? So if you have anger feelings, what's happening? It's natural. So you're supposed to need expression.

But if you don't express yourself, control, suppress, so that means liver energy be suppressed down. What's happening? They have to be coming up. So liver, if suppressed, follow the oral, come down.

Liver energy, right? Emotions is energy, right? We all agree now. I don't have to repeat this. So liver energy go down to the stomach.

Stomach is a broom. So you pop up, pop up, pop up, until cannot pop up. Stomach will flow, flow, flow, coming up.

Make sense? So therefore you feel here have something. It's not the stomach issue. It's your liver issue.

If your taste is sour, it's 100%. Now look at it. Now the liver goes to here.

Now the stomach start the issue. Does the stomach issue will cause the heart issue? Definitely. Stomach will cause the heart issue.

Stomach will cause the kidney issue. Then kidney can impact to the heart again. So today I give you kidney.

Why kidney issue so important here? Everyone living in a fear, anxiety today. Everywhere, emotional fear, life fear, society fear. So once you have a fear, it's energy.

That energy never allow kidney function 100%. So the kidney never have a chance. Use the wisdom.

All your wisdom, genetic code is buried in the kidney. Today most of the disease, what they design is a genetic disease. So therefore how come today doesn't have a genetic disease? Because most of the people kidney never have a function 100%.

So therefore all the genetic negative will show up because of the kidney. Function disorder. So if a kidney function disorder, then definitely impact to the heart.

Liver function disorder will impact to the heart. Now look at the heart. How many issues all goes to the heart? Heart definitely will turn to the end look like number one killers.

It's another number one killer if we based on that there are no accidents. It means that everyone die, they're supposed to need to die, but they all check out from the heart disease. Heart disease like access door.

So here will be heart disease or here will be kidney failure. There will be the liver. So everyone when the fire happens they all check out from here.

There's a heart disease. That means you have to die, but you check out the different way. Understand what I say? Today you still die.

No matter what you die, but you die with a heart disease. Why you die with a heart disease? Because there's so many issues force you this organ failed. Doesn't function.

Doesn't go to the last best way. It's another thing. Today you die in a party.

You're so happy. Lost the champagne. You drink it.

You die. That's great, right? Unfortunately, we don't get it that way. We die with a heart attack.

Oh, how sad it is, right? We're supposed to die. We're just so happy. Take a hot bath with champagne.

That's happiness. Unfortunately, we don't. But anyway, these things give us to see, which is I try to use this example to let you see.

Everything in the superficial level, which is in the materials level, they are connected. All right? The second thing they tell us in the other things, this framework, is to tell the space and the time are connected. We cannot separate.

So we say each organ, each element has a specific time. What element associated with the spring, right? Heart associated with the summer. The lung associated with the fall.

The kidney associated with winter. Winter is what? It's a time, right? Organ is a space, right? So what you see is a space and a time associated, cannot be separated. Now you're not looking for the human.

Now you're looking for the body with the nature now, with the time. So here time has two things. Talk about the time.

Time is the most funny thing. I shouldn't talk because we take it here forever now. I'll give a quicker way.

Time has a so interesting way. The most way we think of time is a lineage, step by step, right? The time is a day yesterday, today, and tomorrow. It's a step by step.

It goes forward. We think of the time as it goes straight. But we never think about the time as it goes multidimensional.

It's all the different ways. Can you think about the time as it goes backward? It's the time that goes forward. Can you? Can you think about the time based on the nature of time or instead based on the human time? Thanksgiving is a human time.

It's not a natural time, right? Christmas, human time. It's not a natural time. Full moon, it's a natural time, not a human time.

So you have to understand what time when we talk about. Your biological circles inside the blood cell change. It's a natural time, not a human time.

Your hormone change is a natural time. It's not human time. But once you put your natural time with the human time together, what's happening? Something's wrong, right? As today, most new babies they're born is based on the human time.

Doctors say, hey, it's time to come out. You don't come out, I cut you, I pull you out. It's a human time.

But suppose this baby, we say it's a Maria, right? We say life is a Maria. So suppose the baby need a bigger Maria. So the download of time need longer.

So the doctors say, I need to pull you out. So what's happening? You're missing a couple pieces of Maria. Information is not a complete chance.

Sorry, I shouldn't say that that way, but it is that way. But we never see that way. Right? So you will have to see this way.

What time are we based? How do you move this? You know, space and time. Now look at it this way. You hear a lot of women.

I give it the other way, right? Some say, hey, I already passed my time. I already go to the perimenopause now. I don't have a menstrual cycle now.

Does your time change? Time never change. You only change space. You never change the time.

You just don't have a period. Right? You don't have a period. Only the space change.

But time is still there. Every month, your body, your cell level still knows it's the period time. But unfortunately, you don't use this opportunity wisely.

Unfortunately. Not many women are educated. That's your natural tune-up.

Your body follows the natural time, goes through the tune-up. The period is the highest level of your energy. You can accumulate blood.

Blood is what? Blood is life, right? They say no blood, no life. You have life. But even though now you don't have blood, but you still have this kind of opportunity.

Can do that. You should use this opportunity to do something. To stimulate your life force.

So that's why I say, what kind of blood? What kind of time? I'll give you more example. Birthday. Birthday is a natural time.

But we put the natural time in the human time, right? Birthday is a natural time. If you are natural born. Even unnatural born still is called a natural born, put it this way.

Big picture. The birthday is a natural time. You meet the requirement, come down this earth with life.

So it's a natural time, your birthday. But that natural time, how can you use and wisely to allow your energy continues? So these five elements give us the relationship about the time and the space. You can see a lot of it here.

But also we say that because it's elements, we have to look at these elements as the consciousness. So therefore these five elements, it's a five consciousness network. The five consciousness network, now you have to put this consciousness into your feelings, right? Your joy, your anger, your sadness, your fears.

It's a part of your consciousness, right? So can you use your emotions and emerge in the consciousness and to the different level? For the positive way, not the negative way. Can you allow your each organs, the spirit, will rise and take over? Can you give the opportunity, allow each organ can real fulfillment their own destiny? That's all answer in this framework. Because each organ feel relationship.

Each organ, they have their energy, right? Each organ has own chi, right? Liver has a liver chi, right? The spring has a spring chi, right? The heart has a heart chi. So now you look at it. Because the chi different, the energy feel different.

So now look at this way. I give you example. So if your liver chi change.

So liver chi change will impact to the stomach chi. When the stomach chi change, the stomach space change. What's the stomach space change look like? After you feel broader, right? How simple is it? I feel broader.

How come? The space change, right? The same size. Why you feel broader? There's got to be something change. Space change.

See? Because what? Because through the emotions. Through the organ change. Through the energy change.

Your space, your body inside the space change. If it change longer enough, what we call the disease, the illness. Hyperpressure.

It's a space change, right? Under a lot of anxiety space, your blood pressure shooting to the head. The space change. You're shooting more.

Then what? Stroke. Stroke space change. Then suddenly you put a black clock to your brain.

It's a space change. Your space change. Your whole brain change.

Right? Here I didn't put the tumor. If you grow the tumor, grow something in it. That's space change more.

All you can see here is the space can change. It's a relationship. Also allow you to see this fiber.

So because these fiber elements are so unique, so useful, right? When ancient time when they figure out that way, now they apply this for kingdoms. Ancient time they used this for kingdoms. For buildings.

For gardens. They're all based on this. Because how to make harmony, how to make a relationship change.

One of the things I didn't put it into here. The fiber element itself is a digest system. Can you see that? It itself can digest everything.

Doesn't need to go out. They just in their own system they digest. They're processing.

They can process everything into these five elements of framework. So this framework once you understand, you apply it, it's not just good for health. You can apply this for your business.

You can apply for many things. Right? We say that this one, okay? That will be your CEO. Right? We say liver is your CEO.

Heart is your chairman. Do nothing. Right? Go to play golf.

Enjoy your life. If you no problem, don't bother me. Right? That's the heart.

The stomach is what? It's all the energy. Right? We absorb the nutrients. So what nutrients, energy is what? It's money.

Money is what? CFO. Right? Good. Money is the CFO.

So we say that's the CFO. Right? Then the lung. What does the lung do? Technology.

Technology. You can look. You can see.

You can talk. You can move. You can do everything.

Mechanicalize. It's based on the lung function. So therefore, it's what? CTO.

Right? Good. It's the CTO. Right? Now, Kenny is the COO.

It's a complete business operation framework. Unfortunately, they don't teach this in the business class. Right? The business school should teach you that.

Once you understand, you know whole models. How to operate things. How to see these things.

How to understand your body part with your mind. With the nature. With other body parts.

So you will understand. Now, it's the same. Oh, doctor say, you don't need a gallbladder to take it out.

Don't take it out. They are all connected. Right? It always has a purpose.

At the end. Even tiny tonsils. Don't take it out.

How many people missing a tonsil here? Wow. A lot. You know.

Too bad. What are you going to do? You can't. Right? You can't get it back.

You know. Yeah. You should do this.

Yeah. One day. One day.

If you go back to the heaven. They go through the security check. They will find that you're missing body part.

They might kick you down here to find it. You can't get a security gate. They check.

Oh, you are not. You are not complete. No.

That's a joke. Right? So, I teach you a back door getting in the heaven. Without it goes through the security check.

Do you know where's the back door to the heaven? No one knows? Goes through the hell. Yes. Because everything is connected.

The heaven is here. Hell is here. But the back door is connected to the back door.

So, heaven, there's always people want to go there. And there's thousands of years. How many millions of people? It's traffic jam.

You never get there. Right? But the hell, no one want to go through that. It's express.

You can just go through the hell. You can end it. I see you at the heaven.

You are already at the heaven. Just go through the hell without a security check. It's much easier.

You just have the guts and the faith. That's all you need. Guts and the faith.

Okay. We've done this. Okay.

I think I've done this five elements of consciousness. Right? So, this framework with the Marines give us one called the basic concept to see if we want to deal as today's complicated case. Right? Case is complicated because we see everything is connected.

When you start to have a stomach ache, you go to the doctor, you do something. Maybe doctor wouldn't see. Doctor think, okay, it's a stomach issue.

But it's real come from the liver issue. Right? Can be real come from the kidney issue. I'll give you idea.

It's come from the kidney issue. What's the stomach come from kidney issue? Fear. Every time you say I need to go to the meeting, the board meeting, you always get a stomach issue.

You get a diarrhea before you get out. You need five times before go to the meetings. Now, you think it's a stomach issue.

But it's not. It's a kidney issue. You're under a lot of fear.

But you never look at this way unless you see these pictures. Right? So, you have to see this way. That's a lot.

But if you come from kidney, you just treat the liver or treat this stomach, can you treat? No, you're not going to treat it this way. You only suppress the symptoms. I mean, here continue getting worse.

So, once here continue getting worse, what are you going to go? Because we say everything's energy. Right? All the energy has a consciousness. Now, consciousness connect to the consciousness.

So, where are you going to go? They might go to the lung. So, now you start for the logical reaction for the kidney. Or you might start for the different kind.

Now, you start to logical to the food. Now, you think I'm logical to the food. You just what? You detour the energy.

Think of the traffic jam. Now, you detour the traffic jam. It's the treat.

Now, you can become from the one IBS, now turn it to the logical reaction, food. Right? Now, the food can turn it to the other things. So, in this so complicated issues, one after the other, one medication after the other medication, when they come to you, how do we going to start? How do we going to start? Right? That's what we need to deal.

That's what we say. How can we do something without make a mistake? Without just a step in immediately treat symptoms. But takes so long.

Definitely, for me, it's easy to say that now. For you guys, maybe you're a little bit confused to understand. Wow, how do I start? Right? How do I start? It is a little bit difficult.

Right? So, we have to start for the some way to make the body can deal itself. To meet the requirement to allow they can heal itself. Right? At least we understand now, today we understand.

Okay, liver is one of the major issue. Right? We say it is. As of today's modern life, liver is a major issue.

Right? Liver is a major issue. It's an emotional issue. It's a stress issue.

It's a many, many modern disease issue all related to the liver. I'm sorry. Second, it's a digestive system.

So, every issues you can look at this angle. Right? I say that at the beginning. We say if a wood element, wood consciousness is a flexible.

Right? It's a flexible. Fearness, flexible. Can we apply this concept to any kind of illness and disease? Yes.

Right? If I'm flexible, how can it bother me? Because I'm not flexible. So, that's why I'm stuck there. Right? If I'm flexible, I don't care.

I don't care. It wouldn't bother me. But I do care.

See? Now it bothers me. Because I hold this in my anger emotions, I cannot let it go. So, therefore, stuck at there.

Right? I give you one very good information you guys share. I think they're called bunions. Right? It's on the toes, you know, big toes.

Right? As bunions. The bunions. It's just bunions.

No, bunions. It's not bunions. Space and time.

Location, location, location. They're all meaning something. There's no such thing as accident.

We say that if you have anger, you're frustrated. You cannot express yourself. What do you do? Express.

Inner peace. You try to push it down, right? Inner peace. So, the more you push it down, the more will it go.

Go down, down, down, down, down. Down to where? To the toe. To your toe.

The under there, the toe. So, therefore, when you see your patient, all you need to do is say, Oh, yeah, the bunions. All you need to do.

Once you see the bunions, what do you know? He or she never be themselves. They never say what they want to say. They have a lot of suppress, emotional suppress.

90% of the time, you see these conditions wouldn't have. But if you see the man has that, it's 10 times more difficult. Understand? If a guy have it that way, forget it.

It's more difficult to do. Because most of the time, guys are tough, right? They fight. But if they suppress this, they change the whole entire inside energetic frequency.

So, they push this one down. They become more difficult. They become male menopause.

The male menopause is 10 times more difficult than the real women's menopause. More difficult to deal. Because totally against the natural law.

Right? We say everything is a natural law. You're against the natural law, you have a condition. When a male has this, it's totally against the natural law.

More difficult. Right? You see this kind of called a body. Right? Body never lie.

There's always to show these conditions. So, how do we deal? So, you have to apply this concept to the liver. Go with the flow.

Emotional go with the flow. Right? Allow expression. Allow you can say something.

So, you have to do something. Allow they can do. Right? So, the liver is very important.

This framework is very important. So, there's a consciousness about this whole framework. It's very important.

You just have to really do this way. So, we say, okay, liver can do this way because it's not flexible. So, how can we be flexible to deal with this? How can we understand more things and then you can digest this and without making a mistake among all of this information.

Right? We say information is the key. We go to all of this information. How do we start? Natural law.

Right? It is a natural law. Natural law still has to base on each element's consciousness. Each element has own requirement.

As long as we meet the requirement, body can heal itself.