In guiding someone, they change life, it has to be shown, have to show, right? If it doesn't show, that means it hasn't meet the requirement, right? Your intuition, your desire, your exciting, all of this, your creativity has to show that. So the healing bottom line, so we say the totals, what is your goal? Life have to change. So we focus on the life, we will focus on the health, instead of focus on the disease, right? So that is the whole purpose of the Xiao Dao.

If we can do that, we will be able to deal almost any kind of conditions because we are not deal the condition, we deal the life. Condition, symptoms, and the disease is a byproduct of the health. So you deal the health, that is a byproduct, right? So if we can do that, we will be successful.

At the least, each one of us can achieve the goal, can achieve the health. I think I'm almost finishing my promise, right? So if you guys have any questions or want to learn some, you know, some points or four energy gates, we have some people at there, be able to show you guys, can teach you, or any questions, I can give a little better answer. So which way, what we want to do, we still have a couple hours here to kill time, right? And time and the space, so that's why alternative to the time and the space.

So you really have to thinking, you know, how do we change? You really, I'm telling you so many things. If you change the time, change the space, there are a couple of things. Okay, I know, I forget one thing.

Because excuse I talk, I'm going to, I think it has a couple true condition, true patient's condition. I'm going to read it, then I tell you how do I see, how do we see this kind of patient, right? How do I do that? You know, then you have at least some kind of concept, how do we relate it to the condition, right? How do I see? Then you can follow me, right? I try this way. Go ahead.

You ready? Do you have a particular case you want to do or the order? Okay. You read it? Yep. This patient, 48-year-old male, presented with persistent pain in the perineum, that little special spot between the scrotum and the anus, and leg pain.

They cannot hear you. 48-year-old male whose initial presentation was persistent pain in the perineum, which is that special place between the scrotum and the anus, and leg pain. His additional complaints were pain in the buttocks behind both knees, calves, and additionally down to the Achilles tendon.

He had a decrease in the urine stream. He had fatigue when doing squats or bending and would have to lay down. He has a history of genital herpes, occasional heartburn, and occasional pain in the lower chest and abdomen.

Okay. Location, location, location. Right? Remember? Who are you? Where are you? Who are you will be the age.

Right? We shouldn't call the age discrimination, but still age meaning is how many years do you follow the natural law, do the natural maintenance? Does anyone do the maintenance for your body? You don't. You do the car maintenance every 3,000 miles, change your oils. Right? You don't do your own body maintenance.

You think maintenance once a year to go to the doctor. That's not maintenance. Right? The maintenance you check yourself.

So when we say the location, location, location, what year? Male. Location. Back, hip, down to the ankles.

Right? These lines, according for the Marines, is the bladder lines. All right? Let me go to this way so it will be easier. So we don't have a whole four Marines, but at least I can say it that way.

So go here. So the major complaint, there's a couple of issues. One complaint, major complaint associated with the bladders because it's bladder Marines running down.

The other complaints as reflex are associated with the liver and the stomach. All right? Because of this major complaint discomfort, you see this framework. All right? If that's the kidney and the bladder's issue.

So now you have to see. For me, I can go directly go through here. Now, if you don't have chance, you're going to use the shout-out concept.

What we can do. Can do that way? Yes. Still can do.

You see this relationship. Right? The liver relationship with the bladder's relationship. So if liver change, bladder will change.

If stomach change, the kidney will change. The bladder will change, too. So what we do, we're increasing the stomach function.

We're increasing the liver function. So, therefore, the kidney and the bladder doesn't need more resource and support there. They can get more resource support from here.

Then this triangle will become internal loop. Understand now this concept? Instead of just deal, the patients complain. All of these are female.

The male complain. I'm not going to deal this because you guys say, I'm not deal this way. I'm going to deal this way.

So if I deal this way, once I meet the requirement, this one definitely change. Because it's the stomach responsibility to help the kidney and the bladder reach the highest level. Right now, the kidney and the bladder doesn't reach the highest level, so that's why I show a lot of conditions related to the kidney and the bladder.

So if I make this part change, so, therefore, he or she be able to fulfillment his destiny will 100% support the kidney and the bladder. That you're going to use. That's the concept.

Understand? Yes? Okay. Next. The next case is a patient with autoimmune symptoms that occurred after her sister's attempted suicide.

You need louder. Okay. Sorry.

This is a patient with autoimmune symptoms that occurred after her sister's attempted suicide. Lots of emotional trauma. The symptoms were swollen salivary glands that affected her voice, pain in her mouth, fatigue, muscle aches in her back and thighs, and peripheral neuropathy.

Anyone understand? Go slowly. Let's see if they all got it. One more time, please.

Fifty-four-year-old female who presented with autoimmune symptoms that occurred after her sister's attempted suicide. She had swollen salivary glands that affected her voice, so in the mouth, pain in the mouth, fatigue, muscle aches in the back and the thighs, and peripheral neuropathy, which is nerve sensations usually in the legs. Okay.

If a nerve would go to the leg first, if I have nerve issues that go down to the leg, right? So you have to see location, location, location. In the leg, how many different energy lines go through? Six, right? Liver, gallbladder, kidney, bladder, stomach, and the spleen. They all run through the leg.

So they all might cause these issues, right? How do we know which one? So I'm not going to deal with that. At least I know, okay, you've got to be either there. As long as you're either there, everyone is, anyone potential be the criminal, right? Anyone potential be the deserter.

They have to be proved. They are not, they are innocent. So we have to prove.

So how are we going to prove? So we go to the mouth. What controls the mouth? Spleen and the stomach, right? Dryness. So that means when we say something doesn't move, create the heat.

Heat will create the dryness, right? So that means that that dry either come from the stomach itself or come from the liver. Now look at what I say. Because she's a female, all the female condition directly or indirectly related to the liver issue.

So which means I don't care what kind of issue you have or what kind of condition you are. As long as you are female, liver is your problem. Your liver always has a problem.

If you have a healthy liver, you never have a problem. Understand what I say? So you make a complicated question, complicated case become simplified. Liver is the main charge.

If you know how to deal the liver, you are the best female doctor. You are best. You don't need to deal anything.

Because they are all related to the liver. I don't care. Understand now? So because of this way we can come out some kind of solution is because of dryness, because of that kind of way, we can say the here and here, they impact to look like as the kidney.

Still go back to the liver and stomach. How simple is it? It's very simple. That's it.

It's how simple it is. Otherwise, you are complicated. You can send it to the many doctors who do many tests.

Neurology is all of these tests that try to figure out what things is not. Liver function. And then definitely, I just do the physical body.

I didn't go to the emotional body. So here, it's got to be some emotional level. Why mouth? See? There are no accidents.

There are no accidents. About the whole body, why mouth? What's the mouth going to do? Why you need a mouth? You need to talk. You need to eat.

So you have a pain. You don't want to eat. Or you cannot eat.

You have a pain. You cannot talk. So what things make you cannot talk? What things make you cannot eat? See? Then I go to emotions.

And then I can go to much deeper to figure out who makes you not this. Why you do this? That's a different issue. Then you're chasing down for the real cost at the spiritual level.

Maybe you have a lot of things you cannot say. You don't want to say. See? Maybe you have something you cannot digest.

You cannot sweat it down. So it causes these burning issues. Digest.

Something, if it doesn't move, causes what? Causes the heat. Right? Stagnation. Emotional stagnation causes the internal heat.

Internal heat comes out of the mouth. Causes the mouth to dry. See? You can diagnose many different levels in the same sentence.

Depends on your level. Right? Depends on which one you want to see. And how deep you want to see.

Okay? Understand here now? If I understand, move to the third one. Go ahead. What is it? No, I go to the same thing.

I'm just to say that even though I diagnose the same thing, you still can use it the same way. Right? Shout out. I still do the shout out.

It doesn't matter. Yes, give it a green dragon. Give it this way.

You know, still can do that. Just maybe not just doesn't. Maybe if you take this one, goes to the some herbalist and acupuncturist.

It doesn't make sense. Why you give this? That's the different sentence. They look at the disease.

You look at the function. It's totally different things. Right? Sometimes it's totally different.

Just like sometimes I give the husband, you know, his wife's herb. And then the wife take this to ask it in the other acupuncturist. They say don't go back to him.

He doesn't know what he's doing. He give it the wrong herb. That's a female herb.

Why he give it to your husband? He never understand male, female is oneness. He get a male menopause. If a male menopause, how do I treat it? I have to treat it like a menopause.

So that's why I give a female herb. It's a different kind of way. Go ahead.

Say it again. One more time. Okay.

Would it be fair to say that because the death of her sister kicked this off and so grief, so the lung actually is what kicked off the liver imbalance or the liver not working at the highest function? You don't need to go there. So because you can put the lung there. So you have to understand body never lie.

Body never lie. If I have grief, I have lung issue, the lung definitely going to show. I have to use lung to show I have something to want to say.

But I never use lung. I only use my mouth. I use the stomach.

So that means this one has more issues. Or this one might be hidden issues, right? So I don't care any other one because whatever what you show, you show me the one kind of signals, signs. Understand what I say? You still show me.

You show me at the stomach and the mouth and the stomach issue, and then you show me the liver issue. That means the liver and the stomach still need the help. If they're stronger, we never need the help.

Got it. You understand what I say? You're stronger. You never need the help.

Think of it this way. You never need the help because you are stronger. You can handle it.

So that's why you see the cancer. It's very simple. Cancer is stronger.

Move. Move to where? Where they needed to show. They go there first.

They one by one move. You suppress this one, they go to the other one. So whatever they can sneak in, it's that place is allowing to show.

So whatever they can show the function, so that's the place we're going to deal with. But we understand. I'm not deal your condition.

I'm deal the function. I deal the function because through the function, they connect each other. Through the condition, you don't connect each other.

You're just chasing the tail. See the difference? If you deal condition, you push the condition one to one to the different rooms. You trade the function, you limit the condition.

Because the function change, whole relationship change. See the difference? It's a function. So that's why we are dealing function disorder.

We are not dealing conditional. That's the difference. Master Liu, can you tell us if, I know you've talked about acupuncture needles and toothpicks and lasers as ways to do Shao Dao.

But can you also, if trained in medical Qigong, use that system to also do Shao Dao? Say you were doing the liver meridians or the stomach meridians. That will be not in this group to talk about. That's a different group, different kind of subject.

I hope I didn't cut everyone. When he asked, I use medical Qigong. Use medical Qigong, deal this like I use the missile to kill the fly.

It's a piece of cake. You don't have to deal with it. That's too easy.

It's a different level of scheme. Go ahead. Is there, specifically, so do you prescribe you spend five minutes on each point, all four points each time? I mean, what kind of pressure? I mean, like in terms of the points, is it those four points or those, you know, just the gates or the other ones? Oh, you're asking the point how long you're going to do.

If you need stimulation, right? If you need to use the hand to stimulation, there's four big points, right? Large intestine four and the stomach and the liver. Each point you need at least five minutes. You need at least that they can handle it.

You can make a turn so later you go out where you can, someone can show you. You need the experience. You need to find yourself first.

Then you have to know yourself, the finger, push it down how hard you can go. How do you feel? So that's why here it takes sense and the sensibility. How much push that someone can handle.

So only this point can feel more sensitive. And the stomach, you know, stomach 36 and the liver doesn't feel much. So you can push a little bit more.

You need at least four minutes, four to five minutes at the least. Because you have to understand you use physical body to stimulate energy. Through this kind of layer impact to the deep energetic way.

If you don't have enough quantity, that's an impact to the Maria. You need a real beat up. That's why beat up your butt.

That's why you need a real beat up. That it is. And now I'm telling you that one you really need it.

Yes, you really need to beat up this part. That's right, yes. Stomach 36, you can do the same thing.

So, you know, you should push that, yeah. If you have to do what she just said, is there an order in which you should stimulate the points? No, doesn't need the order. You can do the order would be the hand and the stomach and then go to the liver and the gallbladder.

That might be simple easiest way. Or you can work, you know, bottom liver and the stomach, liver and the gallbladder and then go stomach and then go that. You can from bottom up, top down.

If it matters, it's not big deal. Which way you feel comfortable, how about that? And the patient feel comfortable. And this one you cannot pat.

This one don't pat. Don't, yeah, this one need to nurture your heart. You cannot beat up your heart.

Otherwise you call, otherwise you call, oh, you've broken my heart. Right, you don't want to broke somebody's heart. You want to nurture your heart.

So that's why I need a gentle nurture. It's called a gentle massage. So that's why here, but here you need to wake up.

So that's why you need to stimulate. So that's why you need a little bit of heat. Master Liu, yesterday you said instead of going deep to go wide, you said not to go deep but to go wide.

Can you give an example what that means? What's not going deep? You said like western goes deep. They keep going deeper, deeper, deeper to find the healing. But you mentioned for eastern is not to go deep but to go wide.

That's what I heard. Yeah, go to wide. Go wide.

So what is the example of what does that mean, go wide? That means that you see everything. You see where you're living, what you're seizing, your problem, you know, connect. You go to all of this.

You go to the much bigger condition, much bigger relationship. So that's why you go wider and more information. So the four things that you mentioned in the beginning, who am I, where am I? That's right, yes.

Thank you. Hi, Master Liu. You said that most female or all female conditions originate from the liver.

And so under the Xiao Dao system, is it almost like the symptoms don't matter? Symptoms don't matter. If you're presented with a female patient and you will always go back to the liver, it almost seems like it doesn't matter what the symptoms are. It doesn't matter because everything is a connect.

You have to understand here, right? This technique is mainly there. It's a body-mind-spirit level, right? So that's why I say it's many different levels depending on your level. Your level change.

These things suppose enough. Your level is not changed. That technique might just help you get in the situation without making mess.

Understand what I say? Otherwise, when the patient comes to you complaining, all of these questions, all of these conditions, how do you start? You don't know where to start. It looks like it's all connected, which is true. Where are we going to start? How can I start without treating symptoms? I still can go to the root cause of the problem.

Without the later, I have to clean up my mess. So if you follow this kind of Xiao Dao concept, you don't have to worry about it because it doesn't matter. I'm not going to treat the condition.

No matter what I do, I never make a mistake, right? Safety is the first priority. Safety, right? You never make a mistake. You always follow the natural law.

Why bother? If you will do this, you even don't need insurance. Therefore, you never make a mistake because I never treat a disease. Understand? You treat a disease, you need a diagnosis.

Your diagnosis is wrong, you make a mistake. This way, you never. This way, you enhance the life.

Life is unlimited. No matter what you do, it's not enough, right? So therefore, you never make a mistake as long as you follow the natural law. Now understand that that's the concept? So don't try thinking it's the disease because once you think, how do I treat it, treat it, so you are limited.

You're thinking this way. You think, oh, you do this, you don't treat it. I still treat it, but treat it, not treat it.

You deal, not deal. You deal different way, not exactly the way. I'm giving the other example.

Think of it. If you have one bad fish, bad fish in the fish tank, the fish are running fast. So how do you shoot? How do you kill this fish? You have to analyze the speed, size.

Then you think about what kind of gun, what kind of arrow you can shoot the fish. You shoot it, you're missing, right? And then the other ways. If I change the water, the fish won't like it.

The fish will bite. Why bother I'm going to shoot? I just drop one ink. The fish, you know, the whole water turn to black.

And the fish cannot see. Then I'll be able to catch. How simple is it? So you have to figure out a different way.

It has less effort. And it still can get a benefit without the cost of damage. So shoutout is this kind of concept.

I'm not going to deal with this problem. I'm going to change the environment. Just like I give in the other example, which is here, you have to understand.

Infection. Chronic blood infection. A lot of women has this, right? No matter how many rows, how many runs your antibiotic doesn't kill, right? You try to come back again.

Try to come back. So if you do this kind of antibiotic concept, what does that mean? You have to understand called energetic concept. Antibiotic, virus, it's the same energy frequency and the different forms, right? Understand? So that's why antibiotic, if you use right, boom, 100% match.

You can kill the antibiotic. Now question is, if you apply the antibiotic, doesn't kill the infection, what does that mean? Antibiotic turn into the infection too. You add one more infection, right? Energetic infection.

Now you do injection. So you apply second one. Now what does second one do? Second one has to deal first one and the antibiotic infection.

If it doesn't match, what's happening? Anything left there is energetic infection. Now it's three infection. So that's why never get it right.

So the smart way is not going to fight this. The smart way is how can I change environment? How can I change the body environment? The infection doesn't like it there anymore. Then we move out.

See, that's needed to do. So that's the concept of the shutdown, right? Not directly fight. We don't fight with illness and disease.

We create life. We create harmony. You try to connect to the natural law.

By doing this, you change. Practitioners change. Because you, every time you do this, you connect to the natural law.

Understand? The bottom line is you grow through this concept. Since we're all not perfect, and I'll speak for myself. I have issues, whatever.

And I want to treat someone. If I'm not totally healthy, how can I treat them? You still can treat them and what you can treat them. You still be able to treat them.

Now you treat them by your passion. So that's why you feel tired. Because energetic way you cannot do.

You don't have. Yourself out of balance. So you cannot use that kind of your own energy, own harmony.

Give it a good example. Your own mirror is dirty, so you cannot do that. You only can behind the mirror talk to the voice.

Sweet voice, listen to me. I can help you. Right? You only can change the voice because you cannot show your face.

Right? So that's the difference. So when you can do, you do by your passion. So you are doctor, you do by passion.

You cannot do by energy. Yourself does not balance. So when you impact to someone, you impact someone by passion, by technique.

But technique and the passion doesn't add together which to the miracle level. But doesn't do. Yourself doesn't change.

So the miracle for you is in the other kind of story. Almost impossible because you haven't experienced it. So you always doubt, can I get it? You know, you're doubting this way.

But if you experience the miracle, you know it's true. It's there. The only difference is you don't get it all the time.

Right? The miracle is once the blue moon happens. But how can we see the blue moon happens? What is the requirement? I can create one more time. So that's why we good one is create, create opportunity.

Allow miracle happens. That is the best way. And you do nothing and get all the credit.

That's the best way. If I may, one more thing. You're talking about suppressed emotions and how suppressed emotions can cause a lot of problems.

Emotional issues can cause physical, you know, anger. Let's say talking at the family dinner table, you have a relative that you don't jive with. And you feel anger or frustration.

If you suppress it, that's not good. And it can also disrupt a family thing or work, whatever. So can you transmute that feeling from anger and whatever to love? If you just instead just try to love that person, is that good enough? In other words, that suppressed feeling can now be love with that work.

Yes, they can work. But the question is can you quickly transform and change gear? Unless you're a very good driver, right? You know, I learned one day lessons how to drive the menu. Then I go to England and try to drive the menus.

And I'm blocking the whole time the street. Main street, I cannot go. And then finally the guy cannot hold it.

They say, do you need help, sir? Ken, you have to experience, you know, change the gear. Can you? We can do that. That would be great.

So then therefore instead of anger, oh, I love you. So that's it. It's like work, for example.

It's work. You can do, sure. If people at work, let's say patients have problems with conflicts with bosses and they can't express themselves and tell the boss off because that would not be good.

So what do you do? I mean, what do you do if you have to suppress those feelings? That's a completely different lesson, different kind that takes a lot, which is called a practice. You know, it's a practice. How can you practice? People say, how can you get the Carnegie Hall? Practice, practice, practice.

So even if you practice, it still doesn't mean you can get in the Carnegie Hall, right? So this kind of emotions, practice, is more difficult. So you have to change your belief, change the way how to understand the emotions. It's not easy.

And the people professional job, all the Buddhists, the monk, they're professional and they try to be peace, inner peace. Still not. You just breathe inner peace.

Like watch a Kung Fu Panda, inner peace. It cannot. Right? It's too late.

In the last minute, try to do that. Doesn't do. You cannot last minute pray to God.

Doesn't help. Last minute doesn't do that way. You have to day after days and then become your life.

Become from consciousness, become unconsciousness. Then you understand, oh, that's a natural process. I'm into this kind of situation that things happens.

Things happens for a reason. So what the reasons of what I can learn. So what I learn, what is my benefit.

So unless you can really step back, can see this way, in the last minute to shift gear, almost impossible. Hi. I was wondering, do you make any adjustments with the seasonal changes, even with some of the foods or, you know, the herbal formulas? Like in the spring, would you be more inclined to say, yes, definitely take the green dragon? I'm just curious how you maybe adapt or modify this through the different, you know, consciousness of the seasons and elements.

No, I do. I will based on the sea, not just based on the season change. I will based on the this year, whole universal energy will involve that for this season.

For example, I give you example. Next year, 2019, right, going to come. You know, 2019 going to come.

2019 come. Earth, see the earth energy also has a pattern. One, you know, year higher and then, you know, six years lower, six years high, six years low.

They're higher, lower. They have their own pattern. Next year is the earth energy.

Earth energy in charge will be lower. So what does that mean? That means you don't get enough resource on the earth element. Understand the concept? Just like you go out, buy the food.

There's not enough food. Price go higher. It's so simple.

You don't have. You understand? Because there's a natural law. And that pattern next year is natural law.

The earth element is low at the lower part. So therefore, it doesn't have enough earth element source. Therefore, if you have a lot of digestive system issue, you might have problems, right? So you need additional support.

So how do I support this? See, mother is love. See, heart is the mother. Mother can support the son.

It's easy, right? So from here, if I straining the heart, I might be straining the stomach. Oh, I can straining the stomach. It doesn't need the mother more help.

So then next year, you will see this way. But also next year, beside the earth is lower, and the liver and the gallbladder is more exciting. So the next year will be more people have these connections, these two systems of the balance conditions as a reflex, headaches, high blood pressures, stomach issues.

Next year has more. Because what? It's one of the natural law. So when we do next year, if we're going to do this kind of seasonal change, we have to, based on the seasonal change, also based on the next year's natural law, add additional different concept to support.

Right? There's two things that need to see together. All right? Last one there. All right, so when we achieve balance with using the herbs, with our green dragon and our bauher, do we just, when balance has been achieved, just stop the herbs or wean them off, or how do you adjust their need for those? Say that again.

Who need it? All right, so I have a patient, and they have their stomach issue, and I address it by starting them on the bauher and the green dragon. And they do this for three weeks, and I see them, and they're feeling much better. It seems like they've reestablished appropriate balance.

Everything seems to be, the condition seems to be gone. Do you just have them stop the herbs, or do you have them wean off of them? In my opinion, let them wean off. Let them wean off.

Let them say, okay, so you're getting better, so you do that once a day. Once a day. Right? So this way you already cut this.

Once a day will continue for one or two months. Generally speaking, you know, it's three months. In order to complete the system change, it's three months, 100 days.

100 days. Right? You understand 100 days. 100 days you will red blood cell complete the change.

100 days for the woman complete the change in new eggs. It's life. 100 days.

It's a cycle. So generally speaking, you want the new generation completely understand what's going on. So that's why generally speaking, it takes 100 days.

Right? Then you change it until that way you feel okay. Then you have to test the people's belief. See, here's one thing.

Belief. Do they believe they feel good? You have to ask it. They say, yes, I do feel good.

So do you think without this you'll be okay? Yes. I'm okay. Then we can try.

See, now you put it this way. Then why not? We try to stop for a couple weeks. See, how do you feel? If you don't feel good, we can start again.

So if you feel good, then we can stay. That would be great. So you want to encourage your patient.

They make the decision. It's not you. See? You throw the hot potato back to the patient.

It's not hot potato. You want to encourage your patient guts. You make the decision of the positive impact.

That's most important. You're guiding them. You make a decision.

You're guiding them. Allow them to say that. Suppose you want to say it.

You don't want to say it. You want to make them say it. All right? Yes.

And then if we go through this for a while, and they're still struggling with this, then is there another level that, well, we need to, as we peel off the layers, kind of reevaluate? No, you definitely have to see. So that's why I say this allow you to see some complicated case. But in a complicated case, which is you are doctor, you are surgeon, the main complaint maybe never change, haven't change yet.

But other complaint disappear. Other issues change. So that means the patient gathering the new energy, cut off, not necessary account.

Think about it. Every complaint is account, energy account. Right? So your financial advisor always tell you merge the account, cut off that.

Right? So this way, if through the treatments, some other condition, not the main condition, or some condition disappear, that means already improvement, something improvement. So that means level by level the patient doesn't accumulate the quantity. The quality is right.

Your treatment is right. The quantity is not enough. So, therefore, you have to ask two things.

Two things. One is your expense. Their energy expense.

See, their lifestyle, if it doesn't change, they continue accumulate the problems. Right? But we never look at this way. We only think, oh, just do this, we change.

No, it's all about the energy. If they continue to do the same things, same expense, how can they fix? Right? So that's why you have to be able to tell, hey, you might need to cut off this. You might have to cut off the other thing.

For example, if someone has a chronic energy deficiency, blood deficiency, right, always, you know, fatigue. If they was the job, they working for the night shift, like I have a patient, he work for the post office at the nighttime for the 11 to the next morning 6 o'clock. He never fixed his problem.

Impossible. Do you understand? At that kind of night shift, the energy where you spend and you have a deficiency, impossible. Impossible.

You know, you can't do these things. But we never consider this kind of concept. You understand what I'm saying? So you continue to treat it.

How can you do that? You can't. One thought with that is with an individual, somebody has to work the night shift. I mean, is it, are those people all destined to develop problems? Yes, they will.

That's right. They will get out of the problems. Sooner or later.

That's right. That's true. Sooner or later.

Yeah. Sooner or later, but you just never see. You never see this.

You never make a connection because it's a night shift. Have that kind of issue. We never make it this way.

But when you look at it, it is that way. This is a 58-year-old female who presented initially with severe knee pain and back pain with sciatica, so pain that was radiating down into her legs. She also had frequent urination, loss of sexual interest, depression, forgetfulness, allergies, cold hands and feet, constipation, skin rash, high cholesterol, and she has no gallbladder.

Okay. Now that is the real pain in the neck case, right? Right? That is, right? When you come in with all of this stuff. So now you see.

It doesn't have a gallbladder. So immediately let you understand. I'm sorry.

You killed the wrong guy. Gallbladder issue often is not a gallbladder issue. Always start the liver issue first.

Then the gallbladder become innocent, be taken off. So the real problem is the liver. So even though gallbladder be taken off, her real problem never be dealed.

So therefore never be dealed, this problem might continue, accumulate, add on. That's the first one. She has a lot of issues associated with the kidney issue.

Sciatica is a kidney issue. Knee is a kidney issue. Right? That's a kidney issue.

Now look at the kidney and the liver's relationship. It's the mother and the child relationship. With the child constantly demand to the mother to help.

Mother become tired, right? Child every day email to the mother, call the mother, I need help, I need this, I need money, why this? The mother end to the hospitals, get a stroke, right? It's the same concept, child constantly. So like this kind of case, they have a sciatica. Generally speaking, sciatica is the kidney issue.

So she has all the liver issue, that's the real rule. Then we say that this way because you guys, if you do that way, if you meet this kind of patients, because she doesn't have a gallbladder, she definitely doesn't have a good digestive system because gallbladder missing. So therefore by you stimulate and increasing the stomach issue function and help the liver function, eventually her digestive system becomes stronger.

Then from this way, stomach can help the kidney. It's indirectly, not directly. Indirectly, you still be able to help the kidney function.

Eventually, all the kidney issues will go away. But you still, we do the liver, so we already take care of one of the major problem, which is root cause of the problem. So we still try to increasing the resource of the energy.

So eventually we be able to deal the kidney issue. I give this kind of example case. It's allow you to see even though how complicated, you still can be simplified.

The beauty of the Chinese medicine is how can you take a complicated case, become simplified. That's the beauty of the Chinese medicine. Not take the simple case, make it too complicated way to treat it.

Simplify. How to simple things, how to see things. Easy.

Don't make it too complicated. True, always simple. So sometimes you don't directly treat the cancer, don't treat the condition, you have amazing result.

I have one patient. I think he's now what? 80 something, right? Yeah, 80 something. He's a very famous of the Barre teachers.

At that time, he come in with the lung cancer. Doctors say you only have a couple of month. But the family never tell him.

He just have conditions. Doctor already say that's it. Right? It's lung cancer.

Then come in, we don't tell him. So what I treat the lung way, I treat it totally for his case. I don't treat the cancer.

I treat the Xiao Dao cancer. Because lung and the large intestine is the same. It's the what? It's the twin blood sisters.

Right? If the colon can move, lung can move. Think of this whole cancer. If a colon can move, lung can move.

Colon can move, I have to Xiao Dao. I have to process and eliminate it. Don't look at the cancer.

Look at the something doesn't move. Stuck in the lung. So we allow the colon can move.

Then lung can move. Right? That's the whole concept. I treat him.

Now two years now. He's still alive. And he go back to check.

Cancer disappear. Doctors say I don't understand. He's still alive.

Think this way. He's still alive. And he's still happy.

He's very happy every day. Oh, I can do dance. I can do that.

So what? We never treat. We allow him as a prey, as a friend. We let someone say, oh, you should go to him.

Give him foot massage. So I send one of the foot massage. You know, one of my students go there.

Give him once a week or every other week give him foot massage. So he feel so happy. He be treated like a king.

He happy. Happiness can treat condition, can heal. They say love can heal.

When you're happy, you can heal. So don't make it too big deal. Right? Don't tell this thing.

So you just make it. Don't treat cancer like a cancer. So that's why don't treat it this way.

Because once you have treated cancer like a cancer, you limit yourself. You just look at the cancer, it's the same thing. It's the same thing.

Stagnation. Why it doesn't move? How can I digest? You look like a simple things. Suppose it is simple.

Because at energetic level, it's simple. But question is, do you believe that's simple? So for us, for each one of you, have to challenge this. You want to go down this path? You have to make your belief change.

So that's why first yesterday I spent a lot of time giving you a lot of stuff. Right? A lot of information. Try to build up your consciousness.

Build up your confidence. To make your belief you do something is miracle. Which is true.

You are do something real miracle. I give you one of the different angle. That's we should totally out of this way.

Anyone should think in this way. As of today, as of today, how much would we understand this universe? How much? Anyone have ideas? At the scientific science, right? I ask you the science today. All of this, you know, famous amount of science, you know, quantum science.

They discover that we are human being only can understand 4% or 5% maximum of the whole entire universe. Think of this. Entire whole, all the human beings together, we only can understand 4% to 5% of the whole universe.

The other 96% is the dark energy, dark matters. We don't know what's going on. Right? We don't know what's going on.

Now, think of this. If your entire life, Cambridge, 100% after 4%, is how much? 100% after 4%, someone give me the math. 4%, that's right.

So if you only Cambridge 1% after 4%, it's what? No, 1% after 4% is how much? Right? 0, 0, 0 something, right? 1% after 4%. Do you think you can Cambridge 1% after 4%? No. Most of us even not close to the 1% of the entire 4%.

Think of this. How much would you know? None of the things you really know. Your life, how many areas? You never touched.

How many areas? With the entire human being, all the knowledge together, only 4%. Now, how much you can Cambridge 1% of the entire whole energy? All of this knowledge. Right? So we are assuming we are very good.

We are genius. Right? We have the best IQ and the best EQ. We only can Cambridge 1%.

1% after 4%, right? You are already genius. But you have to work so hard, right? So if you Cambridge 1% after 96%, how much will you cover? Put the same effort. That's my question.

Put the same effort. Instead of at the 4%, you put the same effort to the 96% dark energy and the dark metals. And all you need at Cambridge is 1% of the 96%.

I think you are ahead of the game, right? Does it make sense? Do the math. So, now think of this concept. Marines, Marines is belong to the 96%.

It's on the other side. Your physical body is a 4% on this side. Disease is a 4% on this side.

Life and health is 96% on the other side. Come on. Make your choice.

If you don't understand, go back to the kindergarten and start the math 101 again. So understand 1% after 4% and 1% after 96%. Which one you want to do? Right? Discover the other side.

Through the gate. Through this energy gate. Discover.

Discover how can your intestine connect to your brain? How can your life gate can connect to your mental consciousness? How can you change the energy and the consciousness change? How can you change the consciousness and you see the entire whole universe and the different views? I think that's more exciting and focus on the 4% of the disease. That's my opinion. Right? So we have to know there are a lot of things on the other side we can do.

It's not we cannot do. We can do. But you have to put the effort.

Right? You have to want to do. Patience, effort, faith, continuous. You will get it.

Because on the other side, 96% is unconditional. The 4% is conditional. Right? 4% is conditional.

Even though you might discover something if you don't have a relationship, they still won't allow you to publish. So you still get nothing. Right? But on the other one, if you discover something, you immediately, you immediately get that.

Hope. Immediately give you support. Because on the other side, it's unconditional.

Go to the other side. Right? Save a lot of time. So that's why once you understand this, now you think this way.

If you're doing Qigong exercise, see, look at that. You're just holding that. Okay.

Staying there. Hold it there. Hold it there.

Then what do you do? Physical body look like it's 4%. But your real deal is 96%. So, therefore, when you're there one minute, here has to be 10 hours do the treadmill.

So which one you want to do? Right? They do treadmill. It's 4%. Right? Treadmill is 4%.

You go to the gym, do the weight lift. It's 4%. No matter how fast, how much what you do, you're still in the 4%.

But if you go there, do the meditation, stand there holding the ball, do the different kind energetic out of the way, you are doing 96%. Right? Save your time. That's what you need to do.

Okay? I think I covered almost everything. I give you a 90. That's bonus.

Right? How to cut off, how to spend your time wisely. Let me put it this way. Time is money.

So, therefore, how to make your money. Right? That's how to use the time. So we have to see it this way.

Right? How to use your time. So I give you guys last any questions. If you don't have a question, you want to know how to do that.

If someone doesn't know the four energy gate, doesn't know that, then we have people out there that can help you to get things done. Otherwise, I will produce. Thank you so much.

Any questions before I just close? The examples that you gave were of adults. I'm wondering how young you would go in applying the Shao Dao concept, like in terms of children or adolescents or anything along that line. No, if you deal with children, you have to think that you deal with children for what kind of condition? Right? Children is a little bit complicated.

So today, it's not children complicated, it's parents complicated. In my opinion, most of the time, children issues is a parents issue. But parents doesn't admit it is their issue.

So a lot of allergy what I see is a parents issue. Right? Children just become, you know, innocent, you know, show that from the children. So you want to doing this, you have to allow parents become part of the healing together.

So you heal the whole family. So the parents will change, children will change. The one more thing for children, right, you have to understand children.

I wish one day we all can be the, you know, way just deal the children. Because the children is easy. It is easy.

The Chinese medicine always say children never have a true illness. Children never have a true illness. We have a true illness.

Children doesn't. Because children life is go up the hill. Right? Their life still go no matter how many time they screw up, they still go up.

We go down the hill. Right? We already reach the top. We screw up.

So now we go down the hill. You don't hold down. You fall.

You fall. You roll up fast. It's different.

So that's why go children is easy no matter what you do. All your children, the natural law is the most easier way because they are follow the natural law. They've been blessing by natural law.

It's different. But in order you allow children to do this, you have to allow parents become from the same page. I'm just curious.

In terms of people who are in poverty and they have real financial everything, how do we, I mean, how does this framework apply to them? In other words, they can't pay for their homes, their food, whatever. How do we apply this framework to these people? For what? For their disease or for what? For life, for living. I mean, in other words, if people have financial issues, they have to have faith, et cetera.

I'm just not sure how to apply this to them. What does that mean? Let's say, all right, another tack. Let's say people have financial issues and they are stressed out about, forget the poverty.

If people have financial issues, they are losing a job. They can't pay their rent. And I tell them to have faith and do some of these things.

Is that a strategy? It is a strategy, but they don't have faith. God help those who help themselves. I think the statement is true.

I really believe the statement, God help those who help themselves. The who, if they don't want to help themselves, no matter what kind of technique you use, you're not going to help. So if you truly have faith, what is the faith? Faith you believe is spiritual.

If you truly believe God only give it to someone who can handle it. That's all go to church, they talk about, right? So if that's God only give you everything, you can handle it. And also, there are no accidents.

But during this time, the God will have a reason. So can you see that? Not just see the reason. You have to see the reason to see the positive.

That's the gift. See the reason to see the positive result, not the negative result. Then you can transform.

Otherwise, you're still stuck in the negative. You have to see this negative to see the positive. Because the negative and the positive is side by side.

When the negative happens, positive already on the side. Understand what I say? Many times, think this way. You pay the credit card, they give you a receipt, right? Instead of looking for where's my merchandise, a lot of people holding the receipt get angry.

Son of the gun, that's $2,000. Why are you angry? You just pay them. Because they're angry holding the receipt.

The number is $2,000. Instead to see where's the diamond. Wow, it's a good deal.

That diamond cost, that diamond is worth $4,000. Understand? The receipt is accident. The diamond is already there.

But question is, no one look at the diamond. Everybody holding the receipt get angry. Right? Cause, effect.

Accident and the result. So you really have to see if that's the way. Why we have to complain this receipt? You want to buy, we want to buy.

It's $2,000. But it's a good deal. I pay $2,000, so tomorrow I sell $5,000.

It's a lot of profit. But you haven't see, you don't looking for the diamond. You looking for the receipt.

Get angry. Right? I'd just like to ask if there's anybody here that wants a review of the four energy gates. Could I see a show of hands? Okay, so you're all good with that.

And then how about how to use a laser? Does anybody want a review of that? Yes, okay. So then you'll meet Irma. We'll come up here.

And she'll demonstrate how to do that. For those of you that want to stay, I think that's it, right? Yeah, that's it. So if someone want to do the point, so I think everybody know how to get it.

So I don't need to worry about this one. Right? So because, you know, you all get it. It's not too difficult.

Right? I mean, you all get it. So the most important things, I want everyone go home. So I know it's not fair for you.

It's not fair. Because it's thousands of years of wisdom you have to get for two days. It's not fair.

Right? But based on that there are no accidents, that means in modern time, modern life, you have a modern mind. You should be able to digest and process. Otherwise, you wouldn't be here.

Do you understand? I kick the hot potato back. So you are responsible now. Not my responsible.

Right? Even I have a lousy teacher. I teach you a lousy way. But you still have to get it.

Right? So you have to go home, digest. You have to go home, processing. You have to go home, think of that.

Right? Just have to think through again and again. It's not easy. I definitely, I thought it's not easy.

Because it's a completely different framework. It's a different ways of thinking. But once you change, you change forever.

I'm telling you, once you change, you have a freedom. I give you another example. Think of this whole concept.

If a little bird in the cage, they don't have to worry about the water. They don't have to worry about the food. They don't have to worry about the life.

No eagle, no hawks will kill them. So you think you open the cage. The bird doesn't want to fly out, want to stay inside.

Most birds want to fly out. Even though outside, it's difficult to find the water in the winter. Even though the outside might get hurt, might die.

But the outside has freedom. Right now, all you guys are mine, just like the birds inside of the cage. Today, I open the gate.

It's your responsibility. Do you want to get out? Once you get out, you never want to come back. Once you get out, you never want to come back.

Then you will be appreciating yourself. You will understand yourself. Then you will be so happy you have this opportunity, can have a freedom.

Right? When we say freedom, what is the real freedom? It's the freedom in the mind. If a mind can free, what is the body? Body definitely will free. I free your mind first.

So if I free your mind, the Shaodao concept, this technique, will take you go as far as what you want to go. Thank you very much. Good luck.

Thank you.