We talk about the four energy gates, we think that, we think, I think, it's not we think, I think, is that one of the unique things we can do. But I know you guys definitely have a question, how can, how can you stimulate the points, can stimulate the marines? How can you do this, right? We say that this one of the very important questions, the marines and all acupoint, the point, we stimulate that four energy gate is a four acupoint. Acupoint is the gateway, it's the gate.

But also don't think this way because it will be so difficult for you understand, think, think, I think, as the, use someone as the concept, your person, think as the person, right? You can be, you can be daughter if you front of your mother, right? Your daughter. So that means you have a daughter concept, right? Daughter personality, daughter. So you front of your mother, your daughter.

You front of your husband, your wife. You front of your children, your mother, right? You front of your employees, your boss. Understand? Then you front of your grandmother, then you what? Your granddaughter.

You front of your ex-boyfriend, then you what? Ex-girlfriend. So that means you are many faces and you can do many things. Depend who you are, where you are, how you are, when you are, understand? So therefore, each time you performing different things.

Unless, unless a situation happens, you can have one situation perform many different faces. Family dinner. In a family dinner, you are the daughter, you are the mother, you are the grandmother, you are the, you have so many things, right? If you invite your ex-boyfriend or ex-husband, that's more faces, right? So that will be the similar like acupoint.

Understand what I say? It's the energy gate. Who you are, you can stimulate what purpose. So that's why I say that very important concept to you guys.

Your level will impact that level different. It's you. So that's why even shout out concept.

If you don't believe at the spiritual level, you only can impact at the physical level. That's all you can do. Understand what I say? It's you make that things different.

That has a body, mind, spirit. You want that the point can function at the spirit level. You have to at the spirit level.

You cannot talk about the spirit level. You have to experience the spirit level. Understand? You can, just like everyone understand.

We all understand. You know, at that time, you so angry for your mother do this to you, why you do this to me. You know, you wouldn't understand until one day you become mother and then you understand.

Oh, no wonder. So your mother always tell you, comes around, goes around, one day you will see. Right? That's right.

So when you wonder, you see your own daughter and then you say, oh, no, that's right. Comes around, goes around. Because you never be the mother position, you will never understand why your mother so tough for you.

Right? You never be the boss. Why you never understand why your boss is so cheap or so whatever called. Why do this? Because you never in that position.

It's the same concept for the point. You yourself never reach that point. So you never understand that point can do these things.

Right? So if you say, I wonder this point put in needle can impact at the brain level. But you never experience these things associated with the brain. So you never can impact to that brain level.

Because the frequency doesn't allow you go there. Understand what I say? Just like when we go out to see the full moon, how much you can connect to moon? Think of this whole concept. More powerful.

Unconditional love. Show that beautiful face. So what do we see? We only see the moon.

Can you feel the moon? And can you connect to the moon? See? You have to have that kind of experience. And you can make the point rise. Just like I always make a joke, who can rise the dragon? Think of this.

Who can ride a dragon? Same concept. You have to have a dragon dream. Otherwise, you never can ride a dragon.

You want the impact, still can impact depending your level. You can impact at the beginning level. Still, because the body is connected.

Through the stimulation of the physical body. The physical body will stimulate the Maria. Because what? Maria is unconditional love.

Because Maria is life path. It's a universal life path. A universal life.

Never have judgment. You have judgment. We have discrimination.

But the Maria doesn't have discrimination. But because your mind limited your Maria's function. So you never see your true faces.

You never see your true potentials. So that's why we say, through this Xiao Dao concept, you might discover yourself. You might peel off different layers of yourself.

You might see something different. Yourself. Right? So that's very important.

You have to experience these things. Otherwise, knowledge is just knowledge. Knowledge is just knowledge.

You know, books just book knowledge. You have to experience. All this called the Chinese stuff.

Doesn't matter Chinese stuff. Anything if associated with a spirit, you have to experience. It's not just knowledge.

Otherwise, you never get it. You only get information. Information useful in the brain, in the public way to talk.

But never can impact to the life. All right. So after these four energy get down, so we know we have this truth that can heal ourselves, that can pass this.

Now we go to the second layers. How do we deal with this? How do I deal with patients? How do I deal other issues when the issue comes? All right. We say that when you face to all of these complaints, many different kind of conditions, many different kind of complicated disease, illness, because they come to you.

Most of us, they come to you not the first time. They always lost the hope or try acupuncture or try these things or try therapies or whatever they try to. They try.

They come for the trial, right? They already mixed up so many different ways. How do we start? We say we start from these two major organs, right? Which is, let me go back to the five element chart again. We started with the stomach and the liver, right? That's what we're going to start it.

So we believe that this organ, if it can control, that can make us a harmony. We create a major, major, major impact to the body. But also we give it a full energy gate, allow them can stimulate the energy, allow them can tune up them, Maria.

Make them, Marines, become weakening on there. It's a wakening. You have to wake their Marines.

Say, hey, wake up. So that's how to wake up your energy. Marines, you do the massage for this gate, right? Almost like a stimulation.

You're waking me. You tell that you do this. Your energy can wake up.

Your sense and the sensibility can change. Marines has a sense and a sensibility. How sensitive you are, right? We always say, oh, I'm very sensitive.

So how do we define people very sensitive, right? Sensitive can be mind. Sensitive can be energy, right? If you're sensitive at the energy, that'd be amazing. But unfortunately, we use this sensitive energy wrong way.

Wrong way. Because the condition we think is a disease. But we never think condition is a miracle.

It's a different picture. All right? We never think it this way. That would be different issue.

We don't need to deal right now. So just think it this way. Come here, complicated.

So what do we do? We give the full energy gate. We practice the full energy gate. But on top of this, if you have a choice, if you have a choice, right? We say that these two organs, these two organs, we need to penetrate.

So therefore, we come out the four basic point. Also, you can stimulate. Either use your needles.

If you're acupuncturist, you know how to put the needle there. If you're not acupuncturist, you can use a toothpick stimulator. The toothpick is legal, right? Because you didn't stick the blood out.

Right? That's right. Toothpick. Or you can use a laser.

Laser is legal. Without a license, you cannot use a tank machine. That's illegal.

You need a license. Tank machine, you need a license. Laser, you don't need a license.

Right? So you can use a laser. Laser still is light, light still is energy. Right? Good laser still can penetrate because the energy to the energy.

So therefore, laser still be able to penetrate the point. So that's called a point. So we pick up the four basic points.

What we can do. Right? Number one, still it's a large intestine. So therefore, larger intestine, they can do that.

You can do that. Your thumb can do that. So now look at this way.

When you do to someone, it's real based on the you and the patients. It's a communication. Through your hand, you stimulate their hand.

Right? Your energy higher, your energy more balanced. Your larger intestine more balanced, larger intestine and the lung more profound, you will perform more impact. Because it's about you.

The bottom line is all about you. What kind of level you are and what kind of impact you will make. Right? So the larger intestine here, you can stimulate the massage.

You can put the lasers. Right? You can put the needles. That's the point number one.

Right? Because of this point associated with the lung, but also associated with the stomach. Here is a trick because I didn't teach more much. Larger intestine, which is this one, because that's called the larger intestine four.

Larger intestine with the stomach meridians, which is a meridian with a meridian, share same frequency. Right? It's called a frequency. What's called a frequency concept? It's like you have one phone number has two outlet.

Right? Same room number in the basement is rain. You are upstairs rain. They're both rain.

It's at the same line coming in. Same phone number, which it means the same frequency. So therefore, when we do this larger intestine, we're not just deal larger intestine.

It's the same frequency. Right? So therefore, can stimulate the stomach. Then because the stomach and the spring is a connect.

Right? We want the stomach. So therefore, we do stomach. And then with second one, it is exactly go to the stomach meridians, which is the stomach.

36 is the stomach lines. Right? Stomach 36 is a pretty easy to find. Any book we tell you, you should find it in the front here and in the angle here.

Most of the people you will find that the spot is a little bit of tendon. So that spot, you can massage it. You can hit it.

You can needle that. Right? You can put the heat there. That one, you know, love a little bit of heat because the stomach love warm.

Right? Doesn't love the cold. So that's why mugs is good. You know, the cutting is okay.

Stomach, that one. You can do many things for this spot. Right? Lasers will be good.

Right? Massage will be good. If possible, don't learn the number. Don't learn the Chinese names.

Right? Just think about that. If you walk on the street, someone just call your social security. That's the number 2245.

Come here. You won't be happy. Right? Right? You want the name.

So you cannot just say 225, you know. Climb 225. Come over.

Right? No, it's not number. It's the name. Right? The name is very important.

So when the Chinese give each acupuncture, each acupoint name, that has a lot of meaning behind the name. So that's the number two points, which is these two points created can stimulate the stomach function. That's the purpose.

Right? Now we need the other two points to stimulate the liver function. This one. Liver two.

That everyone can find. It's very simple. You see the big toes and just end this just beginning.

Boom. You put a needle there. You can put a toothpick there.

You can massage it there. Or I give you a best lazy way. The American lazy way.

Not American. It's lazy way. Everybody lazy way.

You know that that's a, how to call it? Huh? No, no, no, no, no. When you walk at the, what kind of, they call it the shoe. Sandal.

That's right. Sandal. Right? The kind of one the sandal has to be go here.

Right? Right? You have to use that one. Sandal is the best for liver treatment. Don't tell anyone my secret.

Otherwise, I'm on patent. The copywriter, we cannot use. But think of this way.

If you put the sandal there, then you add a little bit, you know, like a magnet on the other side. So, because give you additional push. Right? You understand? If you put the magnets at that point, then you wear it.

It's uncomfortable. Little bit uncomfortable. It's give you a little bit additional push.

Additional stimulate. So you become practice without the practice. Treatment without the treatments.

It's very good. Right? Very useful. In a very easier way.

Okay? That's a liver one. Right? It's a very important this point. Entire liver.

That's so, you know, entire the acupuncture book never teach it. This acupuncture book teach it that point. That, you know, liver three.

I think it's a liver three. They teach liver three. But for what I learned, liver two has more powerful than the liver three.

So the last point what we call that is here. That point. Gallbladder.

That point associated with the gallbladder. So therefore, because the liver and the gallbladder has unique relationship. So we cannot just do the liver without the gallbladder.

Because the gallbladder at the marine point of view is the one of the largest marine. Right? By stimulating this point, I will stimulate the marines. So that's why I chose this point.

So now very simple. You don't need to know too many points. Right? Less is more.

Less is more. And also, in healing, particularly in energy healing, quality, quantity. There's two things.

Quality, quantity. First is quality. Second is quantity.

The quality will make you go which level? Quantity will make your how much you can impact. Understand? For example, we say like a person, you can be grandmother. If you're not in a grandmother, you cannot in a grandmother's reunion and sit there to talk of the grandmother's experience.

You have no idea. Just someone never married and become marriage counselor. What do they counsel? Someone.

They have no idea marriage we're going to end. Right? They are marriage counselor. You cannot do that.

So you have to have experience. So that's why that's called quality. What kind of quality? What kind of energetic quality? Emotional quality? We make your level change.

Impact different things. So quality is number one. Quantity.

After quality, then you stimulate to in order something to complete a change, you still need a quantity. What is the quantity means? Think of this. You take a supposed to take 10 pounds to change.

You're only 90 pounds, 9 pounds. You're not going to change. Just like a boiled hot water.

Right? You boil water. 99 degree still is a hot water. 100 degree is what? It's a steam.

Quantity change. Quality change. Understand? You need 100 degree.

Otherwise, never turn it to the steam. You're only is a hot water. No matter what, you're a hot water.

You are not a steam. Steam is a completely different structure. Completely different kind of ball game.

It's different. Right? You don't go to the zero degree. Never turn it to the ice.

Once water go below the 30, it's ice. Ice is a different kind of structure. Whole thing change.

Quality, quantity. Right? You have to understand to in order something change, you have to have a quality quantity. So that's the healing later you guys will find it.

You say, oh, patient coming in, they complain A, B, C, D. When you do this kind of, I use a shout out. Why condition doesn't change? Because you only focus on what you see. You never focus on you haven't see.

Right? Because quality, quantity. Body doesn't meet the requirement. They never change.

So they have to meet the requirement. Quality and quantity. Then the body will change.

The condition will change. Right? Because we know different body part. For example, your liver has a liver cell.

Liver cell vibrate liver frequency. Right? Stomach has stomach cell. Stomach cell vibrate stomach frequency.

If a stomach cell goes to the liver, what is happening? They call the cancer. Trust pass. You turn it to the cancer.

You cannot go there. Because every cell knows their own destiny. Their own consciousness.

They know that in this framework, I have to stay here. I cannot just travel. I cannot say I want to go.

I want to have a freedom. Then I go to the liver. You can't.

You wouldn't do that. Right? So each one has their own frequency. So in order you want something tend to change, you have to understand that the frequency mean, which is a quality name, is a quantity that you're increasing enough.

I think here wouldn't have any problems for most of you to find that these are four points. Shouldn't have any problem. That doesn't need a so specific different kind of way to do this kind of measurement.

So it's a very simple thing. Then after this, and then we say, does that enough? Sometimes what we say, it's not enough. So we add.

Or we say, OK, add the two kind of things into this to give us additional help. What is the additional help we try to add in? Which is earth. All right? You can call it earth, or you can call it a supplement.

Whatever you want to call it. So today, everybody take a supplement. Everybody take a supplement.

So the question here has become, what's the difference between earth and a supplement? I often get my patient asking me, what's the difference between earth and a supplement? The supplement is a supplement. You don't have an air to something. Right? That's called a supplement.

You're missing something. Then you need to add something. That's called a supplement.

To give you additional body need. Earth is not. Once you take a supplement, you're still slave.

You're slave of the supplement. Right? You'll never be freedom. See? You're always a slave of the supplement because you continue need it.

One day, they cut off the resource. What are you going to do? Right? The herb is not supplement. Herb is to teach you for free.

You want to have a freedom, you take herb. You want to be slave, take supplement. You take supplement, someone can continue control you.

You still controlled by illness and disease. You still under the same kind of care. That's called in a supplement.

Once you take herb, herb also has a different concept. Good herb, I say good herb way. It's not to try to be supplement, you take forever.

No, you take this to help you bring back to your healing ability. Bring back to the earth, to the organs can function improperly. Try to help you treat the root cause the problems.

Once you can do this, your body has a freedom. So that's the difference. Herb purpose is to help you get the freedom.

Get the real, get the root cause the condition. So in this herb, we chose the two kind of herb. One herb is a classical herb for the stomach herb.

They call the Baohe, you know, Baohe Pin or Baohe Wang, it doesn't matter the word. That hasn't been used for, you look at how long? 1385. That time is one of the doctor.

He's in that time history, in the Chinese medicine history is one kind you need school. He discovered the complete different way. He discovered the one kind, how do I explain it? He discovered because of human life over abused energy.

Therefore, the energy, the action always overused. And then therefore, you always have a deficient called energy deficiency. We call it indeficiency.

Because you're missing a lot of energy because you're constantly use life of the balance. He discovered a new way. So he created a new school of the Chinese medicine.

It's a famous in the, you know, called the Song dynasty, Jin dynasty that time. It's one of the famous. He come out with so many different kind of formula as today.

Still use, very useful in the many different kind of autoimmune disease can use. The one of the famous one is this one. Because that one, that time he used is for all the people have digestive system function disorder.

They after sick, then they heal, then they don't have appetite, right? Have you find that, you know, you have, you catch a cold. After cold gone, you don't have an appetite, right? If you don't have an appetite, that means the healing hasn't been completed processing. The appetite is the signs to show are you wake up.

See, do you still have an appetite? Do you still want the more energy? If you don't want that, you say, I don't have an appetite. So that means your system still not wake up. So this herb hasn't been used for hundreds years to help the digestive system function disorder.

So we chose one of the classical herb, this herb. So the classical herb always based on the function, meridians and the functions, organs. How to bring back to the organ function, right? Can deal that for this sentence.

The second one, second one is another classical herb, right? Second one is I learned from my masters. So from what he taught specific way to understand liver function. So because we say that we have a different ways to understand liver function, to understand what liver can do, what liver able to do.

So because we understand liver differently, so we'd be able to choose a different kind of herb to base on the liver function, just liver function. It was a liver need a flexible. What kind of herb I can put in to make a liver more flexible? Very flexible.

How can I add there to allow liver can have less stagnation, can flow, can do all the different kind of flow, blood flow, qi flow. How can I flow these things, right? So that is the one called the green dragon, because the dragon is the symbol of the liver. In the Chinese medicine, liver always the dragon.

So that's why we use the green dragon. They call the green is the color of the liver. Dragon is the animal signs of the liver.

So the name become green dragon. Inside, that's another classical formula. It's a modern formula and based on the liver, how to improve the liver function, right? So that's the two herb make us together.

You need the partnership to deal the stomach issue and the liver issue. So this way, you are not dealing for the condition. Doesn't matter.

Anyone who doesn't have a stress, think about it. Who doesn't have a liver function problems as today? Everybody. Everybody need additional liver help.

So therefore, when you use this green dragon, you never make a mistake because you never treat a disease. See, we never needed to do this. So who doesn't need a good, healthy digestive system? Everybody need it, right? So we say that before, if you can digest, you can digest anything.

For physical issue, emotional issue, and the spiritual issue. So here is the two of the basic herbs. So therefore, in this program, you don't need to know too many herbs.

Otherwise, too complicated. In these two simple things, at least will allow you start basic healing without making a mistake, without treating the conditions. So this way, you treat, you deal the function.

You're not dealing with the condition. After herb, after point, you know, right? The people always ask you the third one. What can I eat? They always want to eat something.

They feel like they, I always feel like you come from where you come from. You're an American, you worry about the eating, right? Look like you don't have a food. They always want to eat.

They always ask you what kind of food, whatever should eat, what things should eat. So the eating become big deal, you know, as of today. Big deal, right? Like a restaurant, now you go, you know, some restaurant you go there, you don't ask bread, they don't give it to you.

Why? They afraid that someone have a gluten, allergic to the gluten. So you don't ask it, that means that you might allergic to the gluten. So they save money, you screw up.

You miss an opportunity, right? Home-made bread, wow, how good it is, organic. No, anyway, the food become important. So here has a couple of things, I would like everyone, so if you're going to introducing someone, that's the things you should tell people.

That's very helpful for the diet. You should try to introducing this kind of things into your diet. Here missing one, ginger, right? Ginger I think is spicy now.

Almost any store you can buy ginger now, so it doesn't matter. First one, Chinese barley. Chinese barley is the one of the unique, very unique herb.

They can releasing a lot of damage for the stomach. They can break through a lot of stagnation. And the inside has one kind of special chemicals, you know, way as today a lot of, you know, at the China pharmaceutical now they do, they struck these things out, make it as the cancer pill.

They're very good for certain kind of cancer treatments for the barley. So the barley become very expensive at the China. Before it was so cheap, now become more expensive because everyone want to be healthy, right? Healthy, just like now people eat brown rice, look like healthy.

So, you know, all the time when you poor, you eat the brown rice. You're rich, you eat the white rice. Now here is you're rich, you eat the brown rice.

So the barley is highly recommended. You can cook the barley as like a morning breakfast or you can cook the barley as the soup. You should tell, because this barley, Chinese barley has a little bit of taste.

Some people doesn't like it, right? You should try, you should try, you know, make it. It's not that you don't like it, it's just your mind doesn't think. So how can people drink the grass juice? That's more nasty, right? People dream because you believe that.

So therefore everything tastes good, right? So how do you transfer this kind of way? No, I give you the other things that the barley can do. Have you seen some people have the face or body has a skin, has almost like they grow little bit of tiny things, right? Stick things, you know, like actual thing. I don't know how to call this thing.

Skin tag, oh, they call it. The barley is very good to dissolve these things. No, it is.

The barley, but still turn to the quality quantity, right? You guys have to understand, right? If you only eat the one teaspoon, not going to do that. Doesn't get there, right? The year, you know, it takes time, but still is good. That's the thing is good.

Second thing is the mung bean, right? Everyone highly recommend you should do the mung bean. Good for your liver function. Good for your detox, you know, detoxified for your bodies.

A lot of chemistry, a lot of chemical or electromagnet field. You know, a lot of bad stuff the mung bean can do. Very good stuff.

You should, everyone should do that. You know, so at the time that they also use the mung bean make a pillow for the people have a high blood pressure. Yeah, because the mung bean can cool down your liver function.

See, we think the high blood pressure is the liver energy. Too hot, too crazy. You get a high blood pressure.

So if your liver temperature cool down, then the blood pressure will drop. So that's why they use the mung bean to make the pillows. All right.

Highly recommend the mung bean. You don't get a mung bean, you get the mung bean beansprout, right? You can buy the mung bean beansprout everywhere now. So what you do, how do you do it? I even teach you the cooking now.

So I shouldn't do it. You can do the beansprout, boil the hot water. Then just dump in the beansprout into the hot water two minutes.

Then strain out and then add any kind of dressing on it. Done. It's very simple.

It's east, mid, west. Right? You have a new way to eat the beansprout. All right.

I should tell you guys, it's highly recommend beansprout. Beansprout has more, it's not the nutrition, it's more information than the mung bean itself. Maybe I leave this one as a homework, see who can discover it.

I leave this one as a homework. All right. Go home, think about it.

Why I say beansprout has more effect, has more benefit, for health benefit. All right. Just go home, think about it.

All right. That's your, you know, pretty good exercise to figure out these things. Radish, right? You are not a rabbit, but I know you still need the radish.

Right? So radish has many different kind. It has one big one that I think someone would call the daikon. Sometimes you go to the Chinatown, you might buy the green one.

It's green color. Right? That has more taste and more fragrance. Right? The radish.

Then the western way, the small red one and the other big one, they're all good. All has a tremendous healing benefit. Very good for your digestive system.

Very good for your, let me put it this way, called the healing is in your kitchens. Yes, healing, it is in your kitchens. Radish, I use radish as the example.

If you eat the raw radish, the raw radish will be good for your lung. After you cook, the radish will be good for your stomach. So they change different essence.

We're good for different body parts. For example, if you have a chronic cough, right? Now people, if you get a heat, what's called a chronic cough heat? Like you have a mucus. The mucus is a yellow mucus.

Smell the yellow, or sometimes turn it to the green. Right? You heard of it. Right? That's called a heat.

And it so hurts. Right? You can see that. Right? The bad breath, you know, all of this is called a heat caused.

Then you need a raw radish. I give you a special recipe, right? That's a secret. Don't pass out.

Don't post on the internet. Don't be too famous. All right? The portion is also pretty important.

You need almost like two to one. Right? Two sides of the radish, one side of the pear. In the pear.

Pear also good for the lung. So you take a radish, take out the skin. Because you cannot handle the skin.

So take off the skin first. Take off the skin. Right? The pear doesn't matter.

You don't need to take out the skin. Then put this kind of portion together, make a juice. After you make a juice, you can add one or two teaspoon, or tablespoon, doesn't matter.

The honey. And then you drink. If you can handle that, it'll be very good for your lung.

And very good for your throat. Yeah. Very good for some kind of issue today.

Some kind of heat issue damage your lung. The lung get the damage. Often lung get the damage is by the summer.

People go to the beach, do the dry fish exercise. I call the dry fish exercise. Right? They put the suntan lotion on, and then the 10 minutes turn, 10 minutes turn.

That's called, you know, dry fish exercise. I call it, you know. So by doing this kind of dry fish exercise, often cause the damage by the lung.

And they call the heat stroke. Right? Wasn't called a heat stroke. The heat stroke go through the lung, impact to the heart.

So you never figure out how to do that. So that kind of heat, it's very difficult get off. Medication doesn't do.

Medication, no matter what they do, medication cannot cure this kind of heat. Because it's unnatural, and it cause the natural effect. All right? But if you're going to drink this kind of special juice, radish with the pear juice, you might have a good deal.

Right? That's your bonus. You know, good for you. You guys should try that.

It's very good. Good for your skin. A lot of things good.

And then the fourth one is the ginger. You really have to, you know, introducing the ginger into your diet. Learn how to use ginger.

Right now, I give you one more recipe for the ginger. Very good ginger recipe. Right? So the people always say, I want the lemonade.

Right? Homemade lemonade. So what do you need? You need a ginger. Ginger.

You need honey. And then you need a lemon. Right? You cut the four slices of ginger.

One slice lemon. Two teaspoons or one teaspoon of honey. Make your own lemonade.

This drink, how simple? Ginger. Lemon. Honey.

Look like only three ingredients. But the three ingredients create a triangle. Ginger goes to your stomach.

Lemon goes to your liver. Honey goes to your lung. So you create a lung, stomach, liver harmony.

And then you can drink warm. Again, you can drink hot. Even you can drink cold at the summer.

Because you have a ginger and honey. Essence always warm, even temperature. So that's why summer is great.

It's very good. For your own homemade lemonade. Okay.

So far, I cover almost everything. Your thinking, your mind, your this. So here still has one the most important things here.

Right? Healing, we have to follow natural way. But the healing also has to be natural. Natural.

What is called natural? You watch the children play the game. Children play game. Never care win or lose.

Right? Game, just a game. Have fun. Fun is the most important.

It's a key ingredient. How can you make your healing as a fun? How can you allow your patient think it's like a game? Just a game. You don't care you lose or win.

It's just a game. Play the game. Have fun.

So play the fun is very important. It's your skill. It's your responsibility to guiding your patients.

Have fun. Don't be too serious. Why are you so serious? But we are serious.

Look at you guys, how serious. Yeah, I'm not serious. Right? Don't be too serious.

Life, have fun. Right? So because this way I understand, you might understand too. But you have to experience.

So every year I take people go to the Green Canyon. You know, see this beautiful views. Why? We need to do that to make people experience.

Life need fun. Right? Life need fun. You're not just say receive this.

When you receive the energy, when you're impacted by this kind of beautiful views, what's happening? You have to begin to transform. You have to come out a different way. If it doesn't come out, that means no result.

Right? Purpose. Purpose is make life have fun. Right? I'm going to show you one thing.

It's very interesting, which is how can make life have fun? There are things I take people, I take students every year to the Green Canyon. So that's what they see after before and after. That's what's happening.

Oh, I don't seem to get all the things that are happening. And I can't make sense of everything that's inside my head. But I keep on thinking.

There's gotta be something said. Oh, see we lost it. That spark inside that tells us it's all nonsense.

Stop being so cautious with every mistake. So someone tell me why we're so serious. When did we get like this? I still remember we weren't grown up like this.

So serious, why are we so serious? Oh, why so serious? Can someone tell me? Did we forget about living with no regrets? I wanna live in the now. I'm not gonna live in the past. Don't wanna care about what is.

Cause what if those things don't last? And I wanna live in the now. What if those things don't last? And I wanna live with no regrets. So someone tell me why we're so serious.

Why so serious? Why are we so serious? Oh, why so serious? When did we get like this? I still remember we weren't grown up like this. Why so serious? Why are we so serious? Oh, why so serious? Can someone tell me? Did we forget about living with no regrets? Go back to the fool. Anyway, that's just, you know, it's the way when you done this, people expression.

It's the feeling, suddenly they lose that, right? So what we say that this way is that if you can guide them some more, they change life. That has to be show, have to show, right? If it doesn't show, that means it's not good. Hasn't meet the requirement, right? Your intuition, your desire, your exciting, all of this, your creativity has to show them.

So the healing bottom line, so we say the totals, what is your goal? Life have to change. So we focus on the life, we will focus on the health.