Good morning everybody, wonderful to be with you again as we explore, further explore Shao Dao. I think what we'd like to do this week is review the concept of Shao Dao and then next week we'll we'll be going over more of the how-to and the why. Okay so today we want to focus on the whole concept and Jenny and I were having a conversation a little while ago about how did this even come about. 

So Jenny you had a great question to ask Master Liu so let's start there. Great, I mean the first question for me is how can such a simple approach, a simple protocol and help cover so many conditions, so many patients, so many things that we see in the treatment room, how can we use the same thing over and over and know that we're not going to make a mistake? Okay yes, it's a very, it's a different kind of concept, right? If I make a joke, if you're afraid to make a mistake, so that's why you need the insurance. So why you need the insurance? Because you know you might make a mistake.

Why you don't need the insurance? You know you never make a mistake. So how can you never make a mistake? Because you have to believe, you have to believe what you do is the natural law, right? So when we're doing these kind of things, when we practice what you call the natural healing, so often what we call the natural healing. So difficult is a natural healing, it's not a primary healing. 

Most likely for today, we are natural healing. Anyone doing acupunctures, massage, any kind of natural healing, you know, practitioners, you guys, you know, we are the last hope, right? It's the last hope, it's not the last necessary, it's a hope. They even come to us with a hope, which means let me try because nothing to lose. 

So they try, they, you know, the added is not to say I have to go there to get something. No, they try, I got it, I'm lucky, I don't got it, that's okay, you know, because that's just something. So that's why it's difficult for us, which is any natural practitioners facing this kind of challenge.

So then this story has to go back to the many years ago when I first, you know, sit down with the master, we discussed the five elements, consciousness, concept. He teach me five elements, the framework. So in the five element framework, he teaches the entire five element consciousness is called the digest, which is a metabolism function, right? Entire earth is a metabolism function. 

So entire earth can process and digest everything, thousands, millions of years. Then it's the symbol of the earth with our digestive system is the same frequency. If earth can process it, our body should be able to process it. 

By this kind of concept name, you know, I try to write down whatever what he taught me, then come out the book called Digest the Universe. Then I ask him to try to write the four words at the beginning, even he used the brush, you know, the Chinese character at the beginning, you know, write the three Chinese characters, the Chinese will call it yun hua, right? The concepts, how does this kind of metabolism function can do. So in that, at the beginning, when he wrote the story, it's a totally Daoist story. 

So therefore I didn't translate it, I leave his way at the end, let later anyone can read Chinese, try to real see Daoist concept in our practice, in his concept. So how can somebody and one of the homeless guys, and they can say he is mushroom, he can change, he can transform to the mushroom. How can one monk tell the prince, so everything is oneness. 

So all of these concepts that I'm learning from him apply for the Digest the Universe. But after we wrote this book, finished the book, now the question become, if we want to digest the universe, wow, how big is, then we must need a good digest system, right? So if your stomach already full, how can you have enough rooms to put the entire universe into your body? So you need to digest. So in order to can receive, you must let go first. 

So that is the other Daoist concept must be applied. So in order to receive, you have to let go. So what makes you stuck? See, now that's the come out of this concept. 

So that anything, stagnation can be materialized or non-materialized. Materialized is that we can recognize the illness, disease, tumors, or pains, that's materialized. And the non-materialized can be the qi, can be emotions, can be the thoughts, can be feelings, that's non-materialized. 

So that anything materialized and non-materialized, the stagnation, all belong to your Digest concept. You cannot process it. I just told you.

You can't. All right. So because of this... Master, you're muted.

No, that's okay now, right? So someone's hacking into the system. So that's right. So how can we digest? How can we have a good digestive system? But in the classical Chinese medicine, Digest concept only used into the digestive system processing, Chinese called the Xiao Dao. 

The Xiao Dao concept in the traditional way is always associated with food. Digest, can you eat, can you do this? But how can we apply? So which is now this time is a breakthrough and take this concept to the next level. Next level is we are views. 

Anything physical and non-physical, visible and non-visible, the stagnation, events, object or subject all belong to you cannot digest. Because the entire earth, remember at the beginning we said the entire earth can digest human history, right? Civilization. So why we cannot use the same concept for our body to create this kind of Digest entire universe, since we are the child of the universe, right? The entire universe we should be able to put in. 

So that's why we go back to the same concept is when we face into today's comfort situation, right? Because we are what we call ourselves, well, we are natural healing, Chinese medicine, whatever you call acupuncture. We are not the first lines. We are not the first lines of primary care. 

No, we have the last one and the last one people come to us. When they come to us, they already big massive, big massive, the power already so many hands into the body and many different kind of manipulation, right? Into this one. So that how can we feel that this kind of situation, right? That is challenge for each of us. 

So how can we do that? So that's why I come this called the Xiao Dao concept. The Xiao Dao concept is to use natural law. What is natural law? We go back to the same concept is always important in the Dao which is called because everything from the visible what we see always exist at the invisible level first before can exist at the materialized level. 

That is the natural law. So we must understand this kind of concept. Everything what we see, they are exist before this visible. 

So the three-dimensional reality just as the refreshing, just the shadow of the non-materialized four, five-dimensional reality, right? Which is the Qi exist. So if anyone studied the Dao, so which is what we call, you know, our system is a root of the Dao. But it's not a religion's Daoist. 

It's the Dao, Laoist and Zhuangist. They are the root of the Dao. So therefore Tao Te Ching say Dao can manifest one because Dao is everything. 

Then once you want that manifest to the one, which is you can materialize them. Then immediately you can say it's the two. Dao can spread as the two, yin and yang. 

You see the circle at the yin and yang, male, female, good, bad. Then immediately we have a discrimination, separation immediately. Then because this visible, invisible exists, then this two can manifest the three. 

Three can manifest everything, right? That's the Daoist concept. But you go back, the root is invisible, it's a oneness. Now we apply this concept to today's situation. 

It's complicated. Think about this, how complicated the concept. When a patient come to us, most at least one or two medication, at least, right? So when they have a medication, then every medication they already tell you has a side effect. 

But it's not a side effect. We read as the side effect. Side effects, nicer vocabulary say, maybe down the road, you most likely, this condition will, will exist or appear into your body, right? Just down the road, soon or later. 

But we don't say that this way, they just say side effect. So then therefore, when we facing many different kind of case, the case, how do we know we are dealing the real problem or we deal the medication side effect, right? You have to think in this way. So how can we start the healing without the seed, big picture? What is a big picture? Invisible world.

Who can do that? Not many people. Where anyone took the course as a five element consciousness course, we say it's a five element consciousness, not the five elements. Five elements is materialized in our reality. 

The consciousness is the non-materialized beyond our reality. Right? Anyone took this course, you will understand why we emphasize at the consciousness. So therefore, if same concept applies for today's illness and disease, how do we do that? How do we start the healing immediately? Because anyone practice natural healing, I believe each one of us has a passion, want to help others, but we are limited. 

We are limited, how to call, limited skill, limited capability because we cannot see the whole truth. Because not many people can see non-materialized world. Not many people can see the real issues behind the disease. 

We only see the materialized. We only see this materialized complaint. Even the materialized complaint and the patient still not a hundred percent honest tell the whole truth of their life. 

Right? Think of it this way. So how many information will we missing? So without this picture and the whole picture, how can we start the healing? How can we start these treatments without making mistake down the road? That's the challenge for today's, our natural healing. So in order to avoid this mistake, right? In order to avoid the mistake, that's why we come out with this new protocol called Xiao Dao Cancer. 

Why Xiao Dao Cancer? Why? Because we say that at the beginning, everything we can view as today, conditions, visible or invisible, doesn't matter. This is all due to the cheese stagnation, right? It's the cheese stagnation then cause the blood stagnation. It's the something stuck, doesn't processing, doesn't move. 

So if we can allow these things moving, then disease cannot enter. That is the one of the primary rules in Chinese medicine. As long as the cheese can flow freely, disease cannot enter. 

So how can we create this cancer? So therefore he said Xiao and Dao, two Chinese vocabulary, Xiao and Dao. Xiao meaning, right? Processing, decreasing, that's the materialized, right? Transformed, that means Xiao, you can process it. Xiao also has a second level of the meaning is information.

It's data, it's information. But this is the second level, we cannot discuss in this level one. Until level two, we can discuss this level, it's information. 

Does anyone heard about the Chinese has one of the, what they call the I Ching, is one of the, you know, one of the, what they call fortune teller. Maybe people say fortune teller. They can take your birthday, take anything, dump it into this framework. 

They know something about your future. I Ching is one of the mystery book. The entire I Ching concept is use the Xiao concept, information.

How can you read the information and the processing this information and interpret this information wisely, right? So therefore that's the second level of the Xiao means. So in order to do this processing, processing associated with the specific organ, which is your digestive system, your stomach, your digestive system, right? Your digestive system, which is the stomach and the spleen are associated with information. So that's why many people heard that, right? Your stomach is not just for food.

We think stomach for food, but the stomach also can be for the thought, right? I think most people have the experience. If you're constantly thinking, you lose your appetite, right? How can you lose the appetite? You're thinking, overthinking. You eat appetite, you're eating the information.

You cannot process the emotions, right? It's the appetite. So the digestive system is not just for food, but also can be for information. So therefore, in order to achieve the Xiao level, your digestive system must be stronger. 

Now the second vocabulary here, we put it there, is Dao. Dao meaning guiding. You're guiding someone like a tourist guide, right? Anyone have a tourist, go to Chinatown, go somewhere, then they put the flag, follow me. 

Then they lead you whatever needed to go, right? They only tell you, look at the left side is the empire still building. Look at the right side. They tell you how to look, how to see, how to go, right? They lead you, guide you, follow. 

So therefore, we can do the same thing. Allow the body say, illness, disease, and the stagnation, let me guide you and lead you out of the body. Listen to me carefully here. 

It's how to lead this stagnation out of the body instead of fight inside the body. You see the difference? That is the one of the beauty, beauty in Chinese medicine. The highest level of the Chinese medicine never fight illness, bacteria, virus inside your body. 

They always swoop out to the neighbors and let out. They don't fight, they just let out, open the door, let the flies right out, instead of kill inside the room, inside the body. You see the different concept? Because they come from outside, they must be living in the outside. 

So if we can change our environment of our body, then why illness and the disease or bacteria or even the virus want to stay in the body? Like the COVID-19 is the best example for the Chinese medicine. The good one is, hey, come on, they tell the virus, come to me. They don't want to come to you because they know if they enter your body, they die. 

Why they want to die? Because your whole body environment is different. The virus or bacteria chosen you because you are the chosen one. Your body is allowed, they can produce, replicate next generation. 

But if your entire inside the environment is not the perfect space allowed, they can stay. Why they come in? It's a suicide, right? So that's the concept we must be used into this Xiao Dao concept. So that's why in order to achieve Dao, which is this concept, let it go, flow out, guide it, the liver function must meet the requirement. 

So let us look at the five element framework. You will be able to see this concept. So in the five elements concept, they are here as two of the best relationship. 

One relationship called the mother-child relationship, which is for example, the wood or wood is the mother of the fire. Fire is mother of the earth. That's outside the circle. 

That's called the mother-child, called the generation. That's the one of the relationship. The inner relationship, you see the inner duct, this kind of, that's also is the one circle, different kind of circle.

Inner relationship, the wood and the earth, stomach, liver and the stomach, that's called the Ke. Ke, today many people heard about the translation is called the control. It's the first level called the control level. 

Control means that we must be stayed at the minimum, minimum relationship control, but that's not highest level. The highest level is a cooperation support. You don't want someone to control you, right? If you always be controlled, how can you reach the highest level? So therefore, in the liver and the earth, support the relationship. 

So which means in order to digest the system, when we say the shell, right? Can you process, can you digest, can you absorb? The liver function must, that's what I say, must fully support. Without the stomach, without the liver fully support, no question answered, and your digestive system never can reach the highest level. You see here, that is the one of the natural law in this five element framework. 

So we apply this framework and use this concept. What is concept? Body can heal itself as long as we provide the natural relationships. That's the concept. 

So once we can put this concept together, then these two organs create the team effort. They are not separated. They become oneness. 

They are not separate. Control is in and out, right? You don't want to control, you want that they become, cannot be separated. They are the oneness.

Then you reach to the highest level. Then the shell concept be used to deal any kind of situation for the what? For the physical and the non-physical stagnation. So because if these two organs can create the balance, can create the harmony, can allow the qi and the blood flow freely, then disease cannot enter.

And therefore, this concept never deal the disease, which is one of the highest level of the TCM practice. The highest level of TCM practice never deal the disease or illness directly. They always try to create the balance because the balance is a natural law.

Disease and illness also is the natural law. Disease and illness is due to the body of the balance. And if we can create the balance, then disease and illness will automatically release. 

So instead of directly fight, we are not fight. So therefore, what is here? What do we see here? The thing is that you are not the doctor anymore. You are trying to provide the natural law. 

You are the symbol of the natural harmony. You are the ambassador of the natural law, unconditional love. So that was the practice. 

This concept is not just you are the good practitioner. Yes, it's a technique. This technique is so great. 

That's a low level. In my opinion, it's a low level. The high level is why are you doing this? Each one of us put ourselves into this five elements framework, enter this kind of natural.

Then allow natural law through us, our every practitioners. Then we become the mirror. Then we are the, what's called the, we are the symbol of the balance. 

Instead, we are the doctor and try to treat illness and the disease. So because we can do this, then therefore, this concept can be applied for any situation, any kind of illness, any kind of disease, because of disease and illness is not the cause. They are effect. 

That's a very important concept is effect. They are just a three-dimensional reality as the shadow. It's the shadow. 

They are the shadow. So that's why there's effect. We don't have to deal with effect. 

We are trying to deal with the cause. What is the cause? Out of the balance. So how to create the balance? That's the cause. 

That's the way, the technique. That's the second step of the technique. We are going to talk about that next week, but this week we have to lay down the concept, fundamental concept. 

Why? Why this one? So once you understand this, then what's happening here, I'm going to challenge each one of you. What's difficult is faith. Do you believe that this kind of natural law exists and that you can do, you can treat, you can, without the treat the illness and the disease and the body has a capability, can heal itself. 

They are challenging each one of us. I've been using this for how many years? I see the result. I see the miracles, right? You don't have to worry.

Oh, I make a mistake. You never make a mistake because you never treat the illness and the disease, right? Because you just provide the natural law. So here, the challenge for us is how can we understand each element, what elements, earth elements, five elements, water elements, each element represented as the body, as the organ, as the system.

How does this system in the human body perform? That's the challenge. That is called theories. That's called knowledge. 

Each one of us must be put the time to study. Therefore, when the patient or when the situation happens in front of us, we will be able to deal. Even if you are not practitioners, you still can use this concept to constantly to give yourself, to give yourself tune-up, right? This kind of tune-up, this kind of detoxification is 10 times better than drink the specific lemon juice or some kind of focus on certain specific illness. 

This way is not, this way you still provide the opportunity, allow the body, allow the body restart their natural healing ability, right? So therefore, therefore, it's challenging us. Do you truly believe body can heal itself? Bottom line is, do you truly believe? If you are not truly believe a body can heal itself, then this kind of framework will be difficult, right? If you believe, yes, body can heal itself, I believe it. Now the second question will be how, right? How body can heal itself? Balance.

Then second question, how can I get the body balance requirement? What is the requirement? Each organs, each organs character, each organs requirement, right? So this will take you in the deeper and deeper and force you to understand the information and the knowledge and how to apply and how to use this natural law. Got it? I do have a question. I can almost hear people who are having, who currently have digestive issues since Sheldown focuses primarily in the beginning on the digestive system. 

Is it possible to also use this to strengthen any kind of food allergies or issues that people will have? In other words, if the center is already not strong, does it take longer or is it as effective? The longer and the shorter is depend of the each body, the situation. And sometimes what we say, they say, yes, I have a digestive issue. You look at this framework, right? The digestive is the stomach. 

Now look at the lines of the stomach. There's four lines. It is stomach itself, all can part, can cause, lung can cause, kidney can cause and the liver can cause. 

Still is digestive system. For example, even digestive system after eat, does your stomach broader or after eat, you immediately run into the bathroom or after eat, you also have allergic to different foods. You see? So the, even like you say, oh, I'm having a lot of allergic issue. 

I'm having a lot of allergy issue. The allergy, food allergy, allergy issue, generally speaking, often related to the kidney issue. So here the framework, five element consciousness framework, give us as the map or give us as the blueprint to look at the situation. 

They are interconnected. You never can isolate one organ individually. Thank you. 

Marcia, do you have a question? Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Master Liu for being here in this wonderful class. 

I really enjoy the course. In module four, you talked about organ transplants and about how there can be a disconnect between the new organ and the meridian system, the meridian for that organ. If one is, you called it like high internet, that you get a high internet speed organ, but your body has a low internet speed meridian. 

And thinking about that, it occurred to me also, there, it seems there would be a disconnect in the relationship of the transplanted organ and that element with all the other organs and elements because of the connections. So whether it's a support, nurturing, whatever, you know, there's a relationship between all of the organs. And then furthermore, the third problem is, let's say you have a kidney transplant.

Now your kidney is the repository of your DNA and your ancestral wisdom, the gifts that you get for thousands of years. Now you've got a different DNA and a different ancestral line. So there are all these disconnects and confusions. 

And my question then is, is there a way to resolve this through practice, through time for the practitioner to help the patient and for the patient through doing Qigong or other practices to ultimately allow the new organ to make friends with the meridians, the rest of the body, maybe to use some of the wisdom when you do your dragon stance between heaven and earth and you get some sort of download that that can help help the organ to adjust and to become a true part of the body without these frictions. Okay, I'll give you a quick answer. It's a quick answer. 

We know when we go to the church, they have a big sign. They say, in God, everything's possible. Have you heard that word? In God, everything's possible. 

So how can we explain that? It's called in God, everything's possible. They didn't say in human, everything's possible. They didn't say in medicine, everything's possible. 

They say in God, everything's possible. The God represents the Tao. It's the same concept, just different words. 

In Tao, everything's possible. What's called the Tao? You need the relationship, interrelationship. In Tao, everything's possible. 

So the question becomes, can you put yourself in Tao's hands? Can you put yourself into this natural law instead of human law? So in the Tao, in the natural law, so one of the natural laws means there are no accidents, everything happens for a reason. So if that's the reason, your body, at the age of 55, you get a kidney transplant, that's in the what? That's in the Tao. That's in the contract.

You're born with this. That's going to happen no matter what. That's the big issue. 

That's a big issue in your life. And therefore, this kind of life, these kind of events, never as an accident. Never as an accident. 

Because they never as an accident, you have to look much deeper. Much deeper, the concept means, you know, in your life, at the age of 50, you're facing this challenge. And therefore, your genetic cells already downloaded this program.

This program already tells you at the age of 50, I will lose my authentic kidney and receive somebody. It's not somebody you even know who. I'm telling you, it's not somebody.

It's exactly that that body, that person, their life is waiting until that moment, their kidney must enter your body. And the question becomes, can you use this opportunity to receive the unconditional love of the universe? In God, everything's possible. Can you? In order to receive this, this kind of connection, you must be peace. 

It's inner peace. Answer lies within. You cannot go to internet, you cannot go to Google, find the password and the key. 

Oh, I lost my password. Can I get a new one? No. The password is within. 

Right? So you have to think in this way. Then our shout out doesn't mean fix everything. We just guide you to this natural processing, allow you can connect to this inherited wisdom, to allow you to see your life. 

Your life is laid with your own promise. I know. So it's tough, but it's not tough. 

It's a beauty. It's the beauty of this concept. This concept is not look like it's medicine. 

It's far beyond the medicine. In my opinion, it's far beyond the medicine. It's a challenge. 

Each one of us, how deeply we are truly believe we are the child of the universe, how deep we can believe the entire whole universe, this wisdom we can use, not just to help ourselves, but also can help others. So Master Liu, when you talk about our own faith, as a practitioner, if we start using Shaodao and we have an attitude of, oh, well, let me try it for three weeks and see how it works. Do we dilute some of the connection that we can have? Yes. 

You dilute immediately because you try. You just, oh, let me try it because you are not truly believe a body has this capability. So we have to see why one, that's the concept, because everything is connected. 

They are just connected at the different layers, connected at the different layers, right? Different layers require different requirements and the connections, the connections, because each, the unique of the body, we never know how powerful this body is. We never know. We think we know. 

We don't know. We really don't know. I'm telling you, we really don't know the power of this body. 

So why I say this, you know, you're just thinking this way, right? Anyone took the course of the five element consciousness framework, you will understand. You are not who you are. You are not who you are. 

You think it's who you are. You're just a shadow of these elements. The real body, real blueprint is outside of these five elements. 

Each of your organs is just a shadow of the outside nature. Look, now is the season. It's a season of the four. 

So which means that no matter what, your lung is automatically connected to the frequency of outside nature. Either you like it, you don't like it, it doesn't matter. The frequency is already there, right? It just doesn't know.

So that's why someone get an allergy, someone doesn't get an allergy, right? He just doesn't see. But you don't see doesn't mean never exist, right? Right now we are talking here about how many websites, how many internet, how many things that happen at the end of the whole world. We don't see, but doesn't mean they don't happen. 

They still happens, right? So we have to really see this. And then also, also has to do the body, the healing, right? The healing has a healing law. The rule, the ones that we talk about the rule for healing, that's always require of the space and the time. 

That is never can change. In three dimensional reality, space and the time must be exist. Which location, what kind of time? So the time, my watch time, the season time, organ time, emotional time, what kind of time? And no one discuss this yet, right? So, you know, down the road, maybe one day we have a chance that we will go too deep of the Chinese medicine called Yin Yang concept. 

We can discuss the time. Look at that. You know, you are the woman, you have a menstrual cycle. 

Your menstrual cycle is time. Once a month based on the what? Based on the moon. Is your menstrual cycle or the moon? Whose time to make it this once a month and you have a period? Time, right? Whose time? What kind of time? When you're in the dream, it's in the dreaming time. 

What kind of time? You can jump how many years ahead, how many lifetime back. What kind of time you can do, right? You just have to think in this kind of time, but the healing is totally different. So when we do this kind of natural healing, we only provide the opportunity, allow the body take in. 

We cannot, they never can say, oh, because I have a cancer or because I have a so serious issue, but still that's just a superficial level. The deeper down, you have a soul, you have a Marines, you have a one of the universal energy network. The Marines time is beyond the time. 

We think as of today, we all say, oh yeah, the light is the most, the fastest things light, right? Not beyond the speed of the light. No, your consciousness is beyond the speed of the light. Your Marines is go beyond the speed of the light, but hasn't proved it yet. 

But Chinese have been used for thousands of years. Many miracles exist, right? So therefore, once we apply this, they just give us something say, hey, when we face into this today's complicated case, we find the limited information, right? Each one, we are limited information because we don't know, because the patient never tell us a whole picture. They never tell you, you know, they have issues with the mother-in-law, they have issues with the ex-boyfriend, ex-husband, whatever. 

They have issues for this, this. There's so many emotional issues. Forget about the physical issues, right? So there's so many layers. 

Then how can we start this natural law? No matter what, we're still under the same sun and the same moon, same frequency. So all we need to provide opportunity. Now, look at this where I say carefully, body can heal itself. 

They are no accidents. Every patient walking into your reality, into your life is the faith. It's a faith. 

No way out in their life must meet you. The only different question is, can you 100% performing who you are? Understand what I say here? Can you, can you fulfill your promise? Be pure, be peace, apply this information and give it the help because it's life, right? Life. They can feel your love. 

They can feel this kind of knowledge. You just deliver, boy, just like a mailman. You put the mail into the mailbox and you imagine mailman every night, eight o'clock, locking your door. 

Did you open up my mail? I just put it into your mailbox, right? The mailman just put it into the mail. It's up to you, right? So we just provided this natural love and opportunities and give it to them and let them feel that. Do you have this kind of faith? So that's why I feel it's a beauty. 

I feel it's a, you know, it's a master key. So these things we can use to deal any kind, any kind of situation, any level of the situation. Don't be fool of the, oh, so, so serious. 

Or he, you know, very serious cancer, four stages. Doesn't matter, this kind of thing, because that's just a superficial level. Deep down in the life, if you have a 1% of life, the body will do 100%. 

That's called the miracle of the life and the miracle of the qi. Thank you so much. That's just the beauty of traditional Chinese medicine. 

And I'm seeing a cycle here, a circle, I should say, of Shaodao where the more we try to understand and use and connect to the Shaodao system, then our faith grows. It helps the patient, but also within that process, it helps us to understand five elements more, maybe have a deeper connection to the meridians, which I know you're going to be going into. Some people in the chat are already talking about your books and so forth. 

So I just want to quickly mention here that Master Liu is preparing to do another level of Shaodao, which is quite advanced, and it's going to have to be over two weekends because that's how much information is there. So for us now, to spend time and truly understand the concept, next week, of course, he'll talk about how to apply it. But then come December and January, we'll spend two weekends going into how to do the diagnosis to understand how to create the triangles according to five elements. 

And then also the following month, we'll talk about for two days, how do we understand location? Why is meridian important? And how do we merge all this information to truly create a plan that brings the body back to balance? So we'll have some information on that later in the week, but I just felt like I was seeing this cycle of, you know, study now and continue to grow in that faith and application. So Master Liu, how about we open to a few questions right now? Are you open to that? Sure, I can open up for a few questions and then we'll see. Okay. 

All right. So if you have a question, please keep it pertinent to today's content. Jenny? Yeah, my next question is just following the fascinating way that you've developed this concept to apply our, you know, to apply the Shao Dao to our healing and to the work that we're doing in clinic. 

My question would be, if we're following the body and the person and we're getting good benefits, we're seeing great outcomes as a result of this, how do we know when it's time to stop and move into a different kind of a use or a different kind of a protocol? Like, you know, at the end of two weeks, I may be working with somebody who's getting fantastic benefit and they want to continue with the Shao Dao. I want to continue with the Shao Dao protocol. What am I looking for in terms of continuing with it? So that's the concept, right? So you do this way because it's the weapon. 

How do you apply this weapon at the different levels, right? So in the first level you are getting in, then getting in, how do you continue? So therefore you still have some complete understanding. The Shao Dao use the concept is based on anything, anything has a discomfort due to the Qi or blood stagnation. So then everything, anything can be used the same concept to Shao Dao, to processing, to listening. 

The only question is where, when and how, right? Doesn't matter. And your brain is still brainware location, location, location based on the heat here has a tumor still can Shao Dao, right? Just like if I can use the Shao Dao concept, guiding this, go to here and bring it down, it is the same concept, right? So therefore it's a concept. So that's why I try to lay down the foundation to each one. 

Let you see is the level of the who you are, our practitioners, it's the level of the way we understand this concept. We view that any kind of situation is due to the stagnation, the body stagnation, the emotional stagnation. But even though we know but how to apply this concept and guide the energy and goes to there and the processing out.

Right. If you can do this way, it doesn't matter. You're, you're never going to do the problem. 

You just say, Hey, today, which room we're going to clean, clean up a method, can be in a bedroom, can be in a bathroom, which room or clean outside the driveway. Hey, depending on the way you want to clean, you still clean. You still use the Shao Dao concept, go to where, when, how, right? Interesting. 

Cause Shao Dao, it really is helping us simplify the whole view. It's a different, different type of the, of the approach to the healing, right? It's the new concept. So that's why I say it's the new way to upgrade the traditional way.

Just to think about the digest. It's a concept to, to view, to view the situation is the main situation can be, can be object, can be subject, anything there can be processing, how to processing that, how to move. Well, I think you've given everybody a lot to chew on and to digest and to see how we going to move forward ourselves. 

It is an individual process. I find it very exciting. But Master Liu, we've had pretty bad internet throughout your talk, unfortunately. 

So I'm sorry, folks. We will have the video and the audio posted so you can re-listen, but there are no accidents, right? The message comes through as it's supposed to come through and we're going to learn how to read between the lines. So yeah, you guys, that has to continue processing, you know, ideas that, you know, my mission, right. 

You know, my desire was, I wish it passed, you know, giving you guys some, the way how to thinking differently, you know, we are, as of today's, you know, the 20th century and the modern society, all challenges, new challenge, right? Unlike the classical, traditional, it's much easier. It's simple. Now, it's complicated, you know, just like information, internet, how many different wrong information, wrong, totally wrong information, but packaged so nicely. 

But if you don't have taste, you might be poisoned to yourself, right? So it's so difficult. We don't have this one. Ancient time, you don't have to. 

Ancient time, just it limit the book, right? Now, you don't, you can go short so fast, right? How can we be peace? How do you really trust answer lies within? If that is the truth, what's happening, right? So I'm just giving you guys the real thinking, you know, how can we, you know, facing to today's challenge still can start the healing, the healing, not just for others. How can we do this healing, not just for us, but also for ourself, thinking this way. At the same token, we can change. 

You understand what I say? Otherwise, you can be good practitioners. What's the difference? Your only difference is the skill. You change the skill. 

You just change the skill. You change your level to see things differently, right? To see things differently. I think I got enough, you know, give you guys a lot of stuff to think about that, you know, this concept, then if possible, apply to yourself, apply to others. 

So the next week, we're going to go to the deep, you know, next phase, talk about how can we create this environment? How can we create these requirements can achieve the balance, right? The balance, how to achieve this balance. That's the next week about the practical. All right. 

So this way, you know, each one have a time by just the concept is always important. That's why I live because the concept always exist at the invisible world. Right. 

If you believe that there are different worlds, the concept exists in visible world. Realize that exist at our visible world. All right. 

That will be enough. See you guys in next week. Have a nice weekend. 

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you, Mr. Leung.