The course is I love diagnosis. So last week we talked a lot about the concept, which is so very important for you to continue to cultivate, to continue to listen to that series. But today we're going to talk about actual cases and how Master Liu sees and views Xiao Dao, what are the techniques he uses, the how and the why.

So Master Liu, do you want to start right away with the first case? Yes, we can start the case first, right? So let's bring him up. Just like a go to the court, right? So that's it. You go there and then we get all judgment, right? It's a judgment day. 

So how do we judge that? And someone can see that there's a nice guy, the poor guy, right? Suffer so many issues and then come to us. So you see, all right, this kind of case. I'd like to read it first, just in case somebody can't see the video. 

So this first person is a male, 66 years of age. His main complaint is knee and lower back pain. The doctor suggested a knee replacement and so he didn't want to do that. 

He came in for acupuncture. His other issues are prostate, high blood pressure, cataracts, fatigue, constipation, high cholesterol, food allergies, and sciatica. The medications he's on are two for high blood pressure, Flomax for his prostate and a cholesterol medication.

So does Sheldal really apply in this case? They say everything's possible, right? Everything's possible. So that's why we are introducing Sheldal. Why we're introducing the Sheldal, this concept is we are often facing to this kind of complicated case. 

Looking like it's simple because most of the information is the patient doesn't present to us. They only present to us, yeah, I have a knee issue and a lower back issue. I don't want to get the knee replacement. 

So therefore they come, they say, try the acupuncture. Just try acupuncture. Listen to me carefully. 

You just, you are, try, right? Just like a taste. You go to the full espresso, you know, then you taste. They try. 

But once you, they come, you are asking them more because they have to fill the form. Then you find out the knee issues and the lower back issues is not a real cause of the problems. It's the effect of the other issues, right? What is other issues? Real interest. 

So therefore here require to understand the body parts or understand each organs of function. For example, we say the knee and the lower back, this location, right? Knee and the lower back based on the Chinese medicine, the theories are associated with the kidney function. Does the person has kidney function issues? Yes, right? So even though we can use a five element framework, right? So we don't have to, you know, five element framework, you can see that's a lot of conditions. 

So here go to five, don't need the five element framework, jump out. So later, so you have to see that this issue, right? You have to understand the real issue is not the knee issue. It's not the lower back issue.

You can use acupuncture massage to releasing the pain, but you did never releasing the real problems. The real problems is the kidney function disorder. Now, even though you can see the high blood pressure, that's a bad moment. 

When you look at the high blood pressure, look at the cholesterol, look at the fatigue. So that a lot of other issues of fatigue, the constipation can be, it's the side effect of the medication, which you see you will go to read the side effect of the medication. Now what we do, we're facing to all the challenges. 

Then we can, how do we start? Yes, you can do the acupuncture, you know, just needle the location and the deal the pain. Then yeah, the sometimes, in the sometimes, in the, you know, sometimes we say acupuncture is very successful to deal the pain, but the problem come back again, right? So how can we start using the shout out this concept? It can not just deal the pain, but also deal the root cause of the issues. So now is the time when we real take a look at the five element framework. 

So you bring the five element framework up. So what do we see? Right? We see the kidney issue, right? The kidney issue, the kidney issue related to the bone, related to the knee, related to the lower back, related to prostate, and also can relate to hypertension. The liver, high cholesterol is a liver issue.

Now, if you look at this angle, right, we say the shout out concept is a focus on liver function and the stomach function. By doing these two pairs, now we see the liver function is a fit into, because we use the shout out, we already deal the liver issue. Now only kidney issue at the here, right? So we are not directly deal the kidney issue, but when we deal the liver and the stomach, the kidney will be involved. 

And then you look at this triangle will be the liver, stomach and the kidney. So the kidney become what? Mother of the child of the liver. So therefore you are automatically, we see, even though we are just deal, just make the liver and the stomach function getting better. 

We are automatically create some kind of internal balance because of what? Why? Look at the earth, which is the earth element with the water element, the stomach and the spleen with the kidney and the blood is the relationship. That's called the, you can say it's a control relationship, or you say it's the support relationship. It's the stomach responsibility to help the kidney raise up to their proper functions.

So therefore, even though this is a complicated case, this patient and the representative to us just fix the pain. We cannot deal all of these constipation, stomach, egg, all of these, you know, other issues. We can just focus on these two organs. 

Start with Xiao Dao cancer. We can see many good results because of what? We create inner relationship and circles and create this team effort. We still can see the result.

So that's why we say, even though in this kind of pretty complicated case, we are not to be stuck or be fooled by all of these symptoms. We can immediately start to build up these two relationships and let the body have a chance to heal itself. So let's bring up the second case and let you see if any other kind of case, if a male can do, how can we deal with a female? Okay, case two. 

The female is 60 years of age. Her main complaint is menopause symptoms, night sweats, hot flashes. She doesn't want to take HRT, which was recommended by her doctor. 

Her other issues, she had a hysterectomy about 30 years ago, food allergies, constipation, tennis elbow, frozen shoulder, high blood pressure, low sexual desire, vaginal dryness, fatigue, insomnia, stomach bloating, lower back pain. For 40 years, she's been on thyroid medication and has been taking high blood pressure medication. Quite complicated. 

So how does Xiao Dao apply to this case? Does someone associate your case yourself? Yes. Right. Similar. 

Right. Yeah. I feel the hot flashes too now immediately. 

No, it's a joke. Right. So, but it's not joke. 

It's the way you often see this. They often, we, you know, so therefore we say, unfortunately, unfortunately, all of these, we call the natural practitioners. We are last hope, but we suppose it should be first, the primary hope. 

They should come to us first. Then if we don't deal with that, then they can go to the Western doctor and get the medication. But unfortunately, she added that part. 

So this time she can say, hey, menopause, suppose menopause is the natural processing. Then they think acupuncture is most likely called natural. Maybe they can deal with it. 

So therefore, yeah, when I face into this, so what do we see? We see there's so many issues, her issues, right? The her issues, it is still kick, kick back to the liver and the kidney issue. And then also he has so many tennis elbow. Yeah. 

Because she, at this age, she want to play the tennis and she has a frozen shoulder, but because the pain she cannot the place, she cannot play tennis anymore. She can't go out. Right. 

And then definitely you have any other issue, you know, the sexual desire alone in the relationship, but with the husbands and then therefore any other issue, but all of these issues, they most likely, most likely patient will never think you are acupuncturist. You can deal with this, but they may never understand acupuncture is the best because we are not just deal with the pain. We can completely change the body because we use the one of the most, the most important information is the body has one called the meridian system, right? The meridian system is your energy body. 

We have a physical body, but we also has one meridian body, but the body, the meridian body, what is called your energy body, entire meridian system is your inner relationship. It's almost like thinking this way. You should thinking, how do I explain it this way? It's like you leasing the car for life, but you're leasing it. 

The car is not yours. You just leasing it, right? But it's a specific for you, for your life, what you need when you die, then the car has to back to the dealers. So the meridians is the same thing. 

When you are born, they give you a specific whole set of the meridians. While you will grow up, then the meridians also can develop a little bit. Then you will use these meridians for entire life until you die. 

Then the meridians back to the resource, back to the resource. You cannot take meridians with you. You only can take your organ with you. 

You take your bone with you, right? But most likely, unfortunately, we say the bone still holding there. And that's a different issue. You know, we later, we discussed like the people always complain when the bone loss, you know, anyway, that I'm not going to discuss this part.

I'm just to say that because that you have meridians, then the acupuncturist and the Chinese medicine is to try to stimulate this energy system, then allow body have a chance to get a balance. Once the body get a balance, then the natural healing will start. In this kind of complicated case, right? Now we look at the five element framework again.

How do we see? So when you have an allergy, right? So when you have other things, so for example, so that patient suffer for many years, for many, many years, take the, it's not a, they take a, what's the medication, the thyroid medication, right? The thyroid medication in Chinese medicine, the thyroid issue associated with the heart is the heart issue. So that means when you look at the, look at this five element framework, the heart will be at the where? The heart is the child of the liver. The heart is the mother of the earth. 

So when we look at this, in the other triangle, we look at the wood, fire, and the earth, and then back to the wood. Again, that's in the other frame and the three triangle in this triangle. So if we deal the liver and the stomach, does the heart would be automatic deal? Then that patient, what she said, she suffered the hypertension because, now I give you a different thinking, because she has many years of thyroid issues, which is many years the heart issues. 

And then therefore her hypertension is caused by heart. The heart is the real issue. So if right now at the menopause, the stage, which is what we call last hope, last step, if at this time, she doesn't really take care of this issue, which is buried in so deeply, after this menopause, most likely she will develop a serious heart disease, because that's the old issue, never have a chance addressed. 

Right? So the often we say in the Chinese medicine, say the menopause is the last chance. Your body, if it goes through the transition smoothly, and the main old issue can be avoid, and the new issues might never coming up. But if we don't deal with this nicely, then the old issue will add the new issues coming up, which is in the clinic, we see these things all the time, right? All the time. 

So therefore, when we face into this kind of challenge, does the shout out concept can work? Sure, right? No matter what, if I deal with the digestive system, if I deal with the liver function, if I deal with these two things, automatically, I will create a near attained effort, can deal all the other issues, digestive system issues, constipation issues, and the tennis elbow issues, because all of these tennis elbows, you know, frozen shoulders is related to the liver. Right? So you have to see this part. I'm just to say that this, even though this is like a female issues, has so many complicated conditions. 

If we're going to do the one by one, try to fix, you take how long to fix all the problem, because some problem is never as the real problem. Some problem can be side effect of the medication. Some problem just like a superficial is not a real issue. 

So in order to do this, you still have to go to the root cause. How do we start the root cause? Right? So we don't know because diagnosis has to take a much deeper. So that's why how can we start the healing without understanding all pictures? That's why the Xiao Dao concept is used again, because no matter what, if the liver can flow freely, the heart will get in support. 

If the liver can flow, the function can flow freely, and the kidney can get the support. The entire menopause transition is based on the kidney and the liver. Right? So you have to see this part.

So here requiring the other levels, how to understand the Chinese medicine concept in the conditions, right? That has a different way because you have to go to the one more, one more different angle, which is in the Western angle and the Eastern angle to look at the condition totally differently. So the Western, we look at the hormonal issue and the Chinese, we look at the function issue because it's a body age. You want to go through the natural healing, natural aging process, right? For women's life, every seven years is one cycle.

So you are anchored. This kind of cycle is the natural process. Right? So if we can create the natural flow, natural transition, then we'll be able to avoid so many illness and disease.

So that's why in the Chinese medicine, we always say best cure is prevention. So here, after these two cases, right? Two cases. I'm just bringing up these two cases. 

So let us see, even though this complicated case, when we're facing to this complicated case, the shout out concept still can apply. It doesn't matter how difficult it is because we can use one of the unique five element consciousness framework. This framework is the natural law. 

As long as we are following the natural law, as long as we can allow the chief flow freely, disease cannot enter. So after this, then we need to see how do we create them? How do we use this way? So we say liver function, you need to deal with the liver, right? Stomach function, we need to deal with the stomach. So at the liver function, if we are acupuncturist, how can we simplify which acupuncture, which acupuncture point we are going to choose? Depend each system has a different understanding.

So from what I learned, it's a simple way. All you need is just two points that can really bring up and stimulate the liver function. So bring up these two points.

Yes, one is there. Where's the other one? The gallbladder one. That's it. 

Very simple. No one made a mistake, right? This one is for the gallbladder. The first one, this point is for the liver. 

So we need the liver and the gallbladder. Why? Because liver and the gallbladder is what? It's the partner. It's the yin and yang. 

So in this element itself must be balanced. Right? So in order to have a fully promoted energy flow freely, it itself must be meet the requirement. Qi must be flow freely. 

Blood must be flow freely. Transition must be flow freely. So therefore, I will needle these two points. 

If you don't have the needles, you can put the seeds there. You can massage these two points. Even you can use a laser point to these two points.

That will simplify the treatment. These two points will bring up the liver and the gallbladder functions. Now we go to the second one, how to bring up increasing the stomach function and the spleen function. 

That will be more simple, right? All we need is just the stomach lines. The stomach lines, which is on the stomach line. So the one most likely they give the number called the stomach 36. 

You know, people love to give the number, Western give the number. So shouldn't do the number, should do the name, right? So next time we're going to change the Chinese name there, right? And then the third one they call the stomach 38, but most likely you can add the 38 because the 38 is around this area. You can, if you don't get it, you just get these two points. 

Most likely you don't make a mistake because it's a straight line. You only need these two points. That's enough, right? Less is more. 

You don't need to make it complicated. You don't need to put the needles, go to the stomach and deal with this, deal with that. It's too complicated, right? Simple, simple, simplified. 

The beauty of the Chinese medicine is how to take a complicated case, be simplified. So that's why it's the beauty of the Xiao Dao, simplified treatment. So these two points. 

So here, that's the stomach. So we need to add one more thing of the similar frequency on the upper body. It's the large intestine four, right? Because the large intestine number four, we call the He Gu, this point is the most unique point, the most unique point, which is what I learned from my master. 

He told me if I can 100% understand this point, you can almost deal with 80% of conditions. But no one can reach that level. No one. 

Because this point contained multi-dimensional relationship of the entire body. But the levels of the practitioners will help. How do I put it in an easier way? The effect of this point is based on the level of the practitioners. 

At the lower level, which is the beginning level, everybody can squeeze the end of this point. So therefore you see everywhere, internet people teach you, if you have a headache, toothache, stomachache, use this point. Yes, if you have that kind of issue, that point definitely help. 

But even though headache, depending on the headache at where, if you have a headache on the top of your head, this point, not everybody can impact to it. Because it's the level, it's the level. So this point can have an effect for headache, only can be for majority of the people, it's on the forehead, this point can do.

But if you don't have a chief, if you don't have a skill, you want to use this point to impact the top of the head, or even behind the head, that might be very difficult. Because the energy doesn't allow you, just like you can drive your Toyota. Yeah, you can drive a car. 

Can you drive the dump truck? Can you drive the fire engines? Maybe not, right? Why? Same as the wheels, same as the car, it's the level of the practitioners, right? That's the practitioners the chief will deal. But anyway, we can say, most likely, even though we are not at a high level, if we deal with these three points, one is the large intestine, four with the stomach, we can most likely bring back to the stomach function. So we can create the balance with the liver and the stomach and start the Xiao Dao healing process. 

So after this kind of point, which is the acupoint, we are chosen. Then the other points what I chosen in this is the earth, right? So the acupuncture is the practitioners use, but sometimes the patient can use this for themselves. But the patient to use this for themselves is not easy. 

And therefore, I often recommend the to do is the four energy gate. So the four energy gate concept is in our entire body, the energy network, in this energy network, in this meridians, they are four of the major energy gate or major energy acupoints. It's like a main switch. 

So when these four energy switch turn on, your entire energy body will turn on just like a house, right? You have many floors, each floor has its own switch. You turn on the whole switch, entire floor will light up. If you turn on the fourth floor switch, entire house will light up. 

So these four energy gate contain the entire whole body's whole meridians to control. So that's why I would highly recommend the patient go home to practice because the healing, the true healing, the true healing always relied on the patient, never as the doctor, never as the practitioners, right? The patient is the primary, is the main character. The doctor just a support character, they cannot win the Oscar, the main, they only can win the best support. 

So doctor only can be support, right? You have to truly understand. Then the smart doctor always try to help let the patient involved. So therefore, when the patient can involved, you still get the credit, they still happy, everybody win, win, right? So the four energy gate is a highly recommended into this kind of practice. 

Why? We create the team efforts, right? You create this healing process. That's the number one, right? Then the number two is the herb, right? Which is they call the supplement. So you don't want to call the herb, but more two theories you just call is a supplement, right? The supplement I often use the two kinds supplement. 

One supplement is for the liver. So the one is for liver. So that formula is we call, I call it the green dragon.

That's the formula is my master created. It's based on the, it's not, how do I say this? It's not based on the classical concept to create the herbal formula. It's based on the, it's based on the organ function, organ function, the theories is different. 

So idea is that the liver is the element of the wood. So what is the, which way can enhance the characters, right? Of the wood elements. So each element has their own character. 

How can I bring up this way? So the formula is the base on the how to allow the wood element profound and the fulfillment of full maximum benefit. I'll put it this way. That's why I use, I use the herb called the green dragon for the liver function. 

And then the second one for the stomach is, so here has a two choice. Sometimes I use the, my formula called the master cleanser. That's, it's not a classical formula.

This formula still is called the modern formula. It's new formula. It still is based on the function of the earth. 

It's the same. It's not a classical way, classical way to formulate the herb. It's based on the function concept to formulate the herb. 

And then the second one called the Baohe one, that's the classical, that is the one of the classical herb. The classical, this classical herb hasn't existed, I think about the 700 years. That's the classical, one of the famous, famous herb. 

Their purpose is to help the digestive system getting better. Now, most likely patient will ask why I need a supplement, right? What's the difference between Chinese herb and the supplement, right? The Chinese herb purpose is to bring back to the function, allow body balance. The supplement is mean based on you are missing, let me add something for you, right? So therefore you will be continuously feed something what you're missing.

So we give the herb is to try to not say what you're missing. It means that your function not to be. If I bring back to your function, you can produce this. 

See, one is to give you a freedom. One is you always be slave, right? If you take a supplement, you always need this supplement because you always feel you're missing. So the herb is not to tell you have to take it forever.

Because herb is to tell you if you're doing this way, you will get the freedom. How can you can reach the highest level instead of how can you continue to try to feed the holes and the level up the holes? Totally different concept, right? The concept is different. So here is the, we see the now, right? You have a concept, you have a point, you have a herb, you have a concept of how to bring the team effort between practitioners and with the patients.

Now, the last one is how much faith do you have? Do you have a truly believe if you are doing this kind of concept, you are performing this concept, not just focus on the pain and the conditions that your patient will satisfy. You're afraid that you'll lose the business, right? You're afraid that you'll lose the business. So you have to understand this because you might at the beginning, you're thinking, oh, I deal the pain, but the pain is not a hundred percent go away. 

But down the road, the condition change, entire body change. So therefore what you are doing is you feed the big picture of the Chinese medicine. You are feeding the patient, not the deal, the sentence and the disease. 

Do you truly believe that is the goal of the Chinese medicine? You are dealing with the patient, not the deal with the condition. So that is the challenge for each of us, you know, each one of us. But that also, in my opinion, is the beauty of the Xiao Dao concept. 

So if we can apply this concept, we'll be able to deal any kind of conditions in today's complicated situation. I think I am finished with this whole concept. Then we can open up for questions. 

Maybe you don't have questions and they will be, thank God, then we can, you know, close the class earlier. Now we can't because I have two. So if you have a question, please raise your hand.

Excuse me. But think about your question before you formulate it. So it's just very clear and concise. 

Would you just give a review of, you mentioned the word function a bunch of times. When you say function, can you give an example of what organ you're talking about? Which pair of the organ, the end organ, the yawn organ, what is function? So ideally, you know, what called the function issue? The function issue is not a materialized issue, right? What's called a materialized issue? Like I give you an example called the materialized issue. Tumor. 

You have a tumor. You have a cancer. That's a materialized. 

That's something tended to the materialized. But you have done that before the materialized. That's always a function. 

You know, PMS is the function disorder. Migraine headache is a function because the brain doesn't have a tumor. You can have a season change, emotional change, right? You might have a headache.

So therefore, this kind of issue, like allergy, allergy is a function. Because even though you can test, you can say I'm allergic to the gluten, I'm allergic to the peanuts. That's look like materialized. 

But deep down, it's not. It's the function. Your body is not an organic issue. 

It's the function issue. It's the processing issue, right? It's like today, it's like what we call functional medicine. So functional medicine, when you function, you are not at the materialized level. 

So how do we get the big picture? It's that anything, put it this simple way, anything when you're working in the hospital, after all the different kind of exam, they still find nothing. But you still have a complaint. Then you know that's the function issue because none of the machine can find out what's the evidence. 

Then definitely it's a function. At the Qi level, at the consciousness level, that's called a function. Okay, thank you. 

I do have several questions, so I'll hold mine. Don, do you want to unmute yourself, please? Okay, well, we're waiting for him. Karen, good morning. 

Good morning. Master Liu, I'm an acupuncturist and a nurse, but not trained in herbs. So what is within the scope of practice to be able to do this? And what about side effects that clients are going to be asking about? What's the side effect? So everyone wants to know, what's the interaction with their Western medicine? Because most people are walking in with some sort of medication.

So they still can't deal because the side effect of the Western medicine is not a side effect, right? They just use nicer words, ideas, called effect. Just sooner or later it's going to happen. We just have to agree, right? That's a side effect. 

But if you're going to say, okay, how does this Eastern medicine can deal with the side effect? So we are dealing with the side effect, we are dealing with the different, which is we are trying to create a balance, allow the body to have a chance to deal with the issue. That's the different concept, right? We are not dealing at the materialized, just deal with the materialized level. We understand this side effect is not a side effect, it's an effect. 

Why the effect? Because the medication caused the organ function disorder. They already tell you, you take this medication, hyperpressure medication, you will get that side effect, dry mouth, sweating angles, right? I use the one of the medications, sweating angles, often, right? If you get the beta, you know, the kind of the hypertension will cause your angle with sweat. Now, if you're sweating the angle, now look at the angle, angle concept, this kind of sweating the angle, what's happening can cause by your kidney, can cause by your heart. 

It's the heart or kidney function disorder. And the male, female also different. If a male sweating the angle will be worse than the female sweating the angle, right? So all of these, we know what's caused.

We know why they're sweating the angle. The treatment itself will help the patient to deal with the side effect. And therefore, they can continue to take the medication, right? Until we reach the point, maybe they can negotiate with the practitioners, can lower the medication, lower the blood pressure medication. 

And somebody even can stop the medication because real problem be fixed. So is there any risk, I guess I'm going to the risk of them taking it and them asking, is this going to interfere with my blood pressure medication? Is this going to interfere with my thyroid medication? And so what I'm hearing you say is that if we're dealing with the function, that that's not, it's just going to enhance that. That's right. 

We were never going to interfere their medication because we deal with the different things. Okay. Thank you.

You're welcome. Do they take the herbs about a half hour apart from the medication? They don't? Yes, they should take the least half hour. So therefore it's not at the same time.

Okay. Hi, Don. Hi, sorry. 

I did try to unmute. I'm figuring this out. So first of all, thank you very much. 

My question is a little bit of overlap and I guess what Karen just said, so, but it was two prong. One is regarding the medications one may be on, but also conditions. So would they need an appointment say with you and have actual FaceTime with you to say, Hey, here's conditions. 

Are these supplements safe? And it really, again, you already answered the question regarding what Karen just said, because that was my other part of the question, but I guess the other prong would be conditions. My opinion, right? You have to thinking this because the side effect, you take a medication, you already know that's the side, that's something going to impact your body no matter what, just sooner or later. So all of this impact, all of this actual effort want the body to deal. 

Who's going to take care of the body and to help you, this side effect doesn't getting worse. You have to add one more medication. Think about this, but at the least we understand all of these chemicals, all of these processes must go through the liver function, right? So the liver is under so much chemistry infection, right? So who's going to help you? So at the least we are at the, they help, they take care of their problems and then they got the credit, right? The doctor would be so happy.

We take care of their problem and then they got the credit. We don't need to own this credit. I don't want to say, Oh, I did this. 

I helped you. I prevented you. I just say, Hey, you know, that is the issue we have to be aware. 

And how do we deal with this? The only difference, we understand these issues, but that issues must be addressed in order to prevent this side effect become worse. You have to add one more medication to take care of the side effect. Right. 

Does it make sense? I think so. You just made me think of another question though, real quick. Is there any guidance elsewhere or reading we could do from you to guide us to which supplement to take? I don't imagine, or should I imagine that all three should be taken? No, you don't need to take a three. 

You only need to take a two. You need to take the liver one. You need to take the one of the digestive system. 

So now look at this way, right? Why? I say the one more time, it's a concept. Think about it. The stomach, we call the digestive system, how beautiful, how strong your stomach, you think every time you can eat anything, you just want to eat. 

Do you text your stomach? Say, Hey, today I'm going to change a diet. Do you agree? You don't care, right? You just eat first, then only wait for your reaction. Your body doesn't like it. 

If you eat the wrong food, your body immediately tell you, they run to the bathroom. So you tell me who's wrong, right? You work in the buffet, $16.99. So you pay the money, eat the buffet, you eat by eyes. After this, you know, everybody's good. 

You run to the bathroom, you say, Oh, I have a stomach full of poison. Then I say, lucky you. They are the real problem because they can handle the more problems. 

Your body is more pure. Any kind of unhealthy food, you immediately your body say, that's not good for me. I need to let it out. 

Right? Just a different angle, different way of thinking yourself. Understood. Thank you. 

You're welcome. All right. Hi, Pirjo. 

Hello, Mastendu. I had some doubts about whether the arthritis, arthrosis is a function disorder issue or is it materialized? Arthritis? Yes. Arthritis is, now put it this way, if at the big picture, I'm give you at the big picture, the big picture, everything, organic disease is always later. 

Function always first. The function is invisible. Organic is visible. 

That's always happened at a functional level, but we don't pay attention. We just let it go. We just pushed it. 

And then the body just leather by leather, build in, build until cannot handle it anymore. Then body will materialized, turn it to the materialized level. For example, right? Arthritis, it is at the beginning, at the beginning, it's the kidney and the liver function, but we push them.

We're under stress. We continue push it until your arthritis happens. Now your hand cannot holding anymore. 

Right? Now think of this whole concept. Your hand, what is the hand going to do? Hand holding something, holding something. So if that can hold it, does it hold in the life? Does it hold in the project? Does it hold your responsibility? Think of it this way.

So if you don't want to hold anymore and you're without a losing face, what do you say? Oh, I have arthritis. Now I cannot hold it anymore. See how beautiful you are, how smart you are.

You create the illness to give yourself a nicer step and a step down. Hmm. Hmm. 

That's right. That's what I say. Exactly. 

Hmm. That's called the invisible level. That's called in the consciousness level to look at the illness and the disease. 

See at the superficial level, we all say disease. At the high level, we say, oh, it's the chi, it's energy, right? It's energy. So if that's energy, E equal to MC squared. 

In the quantum physics, we say all the energy contain the consciousness, right? So the arthritis, it is energy, something stuck there and it doesn't move. So if you want to move, then what is the consciousness to tell you your hand, your feet cannot move anymore, or you don't want to move or something force you. Think about what I say.

So that's too deep. That's not in this class, right? That's the later we have to say the consciousness behind the illness and the disease, or we say the language of the illness and the disease. So that's the future class that we are going to get in deeper right now, just to say, okay, I don't care. 

I don't care what kind of problem you have, but I still can help you let you back to the right track. You get off the road. Now I help you bring back to the right, the healing path, right? So how do you encourage the patient? You can heal yourself.

How can we start the healing and never worry about that, make a mistake, follow the natural law. Even for us, it doesn't only have to be patient oriented. It's individual as well.

Rachel, you're up. I'm sort of fascinated by the non-materialized aspect of using time for healing. And you referenced some things about the music from the ice cream truck, you know, bringing us back or also like going back in time to when we were happy and joyful to kind of help with the healing.

And sort of in relation to that, I, you know, I save everything. I have every letter that's ever been written to me and, you know, not so much in a hoarding sense, but like, I like to go back and like revisit, you know, whatever, like when I was in camp or some time in the past. But then there's also that aspect of, you know, letting go. 

Am I kind of holding onto these things and not living in the moment when I, you know, may spend a day going through old pictures or old letters or old things, and maybe, you know, just stimulating all kinds of emotions from happy emotions to sad emotions. And so where does like holding onto our memories and things that represent them, you know, where do we sort of cross the line between not letting things go and not sort of experiencing life, but also using that sort of time to maybe bring back things that maybe are healthy or are good for us? Your choice, right? Your purpose, right? Is what's your choice? I guess, I guess I'm thinking more of in a framework of like losing, losing chi or building chi, right? It's not you losing chi, you building chi, it's what's your purpose. It's a purpose. 

They are purpose, just like, just thinking simple way. You are, you are thirsty. You want to get a soda.

What are you going to do? At the campus, right? Yeah, you're at the college, you know, you go to the campus, right? You go to dining room, you go to the campus. So now the soda machine existed before you, right? You know, at the second floor, there's a soda machine. So when you stand in front of the soda machine, how many choice? There's a lot of choice, right? Diet Coke, you know, sweet and the water and something. 

So they are all existed before you, just like all that is the past stuff in front of you. Now you make a choice, put the coin in. Now you push the button, something drop. 

It is up to you, right? You think you control, but you didn't control. You just make a choice. So your future is the same thing.

Your past is the same thing. They exist before you. You make the choice.

Now, based on your belief, do you believe the good for yourself? Do you believe that you're entitled for good? Then you make a choice. You want the social, the good, then you push the button. Organic food drop, you know, the pure spring water. 

So you say you don't believe, I don't care. Then you push that, then Diet Coke. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say Diet Coke is unnatural. 

At least the diet would drop down, right? Then if you don't care, I don't care the sweet and no sugar, I need them all. Then you push the regular Coke. Okay, thank you, Rachel. 

Hi, Natalie. Good morning, everyone. Master Liu, regarding the herbs, the difference between when you would give a patient Baohe versus Master Cleanse, would you give the patient Master Cleanse if they were more toward constipation or even in the consciousness holding and not wanting to let go? Here's the thing. 

The Master Cleanse at some level is more competitive for the Baohe. The Baohe one is the classical herb. When the classical herb, they look at all the angles, how to enhance the digestive system. 

That's the whole classical herb concept. They always have some kind of combination and each one play the different roles. Each herb play different roles. 

My Master Cleanse is not that concept. My Master Cleanse is based on what is the issue, materialized issue, non-materialized issue, the blood issue, the chi issue. They are all is the issue of the blockage, something stuck there.

So the herb is great. I can break the chi stagnation. I need to break the blood stagnation.

I need to break the consciousness stagnation. So as long as all of this stagnation can be processing and break and digest out, disease cannot enter. It's different concept.

And that's why the moment that my feelings of the dissipation, how much they can handle it, which level they can handle the challenge. Okay. So that's stronger because Da Huang is in it.

That's right. Da Huang there is not the stronger. It's for different purpose.

The bigger body guard doesn't mean they are stronger. They just look strong, right? True. Yeah. 

You see, have you watched, have you watched the, the, the, the, the, the, all the, these presidents, the good president, the body guard, the Russian president's body guard, none of the big muscle, real body guard, never as big muscle, all skinny. That's the real good one. The bigger muscle, the body guys are for show.

The nightclub outside the body guard, the whole big muscle, right? Yeah. You're laughing, right? It's a funny way to, to, I say, right? Well, yeah. It's smoke and mirrors.

That's right. He, that's exactly the, some body guys are for real. Some is not.

Thank you. Good to see everyone. Donna, you're up. 

Go ahead. Good morning. What I wanted to ask about, you've mentioned allergies on foods, but what about allergies on medications? If a person has a significant number of allergies to a whole bunch of medications, how does that fall into play? And what is, what function does that fall under? That doesn't mean your allergy is good or allergy is bad. 

It's an allergy, it's a real allergy, it's not a non-real. There are allergies like your heart would race, your blood pressure shoots up significantly high. Name what? Name, then you stop, right? Name, they have to find some, some can, can, can feed into your condition, right? Right. 

So therefore, now listen to me, therefore, it's good or bad. I think your body doesn't want it is what it is. That's right. 

It's good, right? You should celebrate, you should open the champagne. And my goodness, my intuition's still there. I have a significant number of allergies to medications and, you know, it can be numbness in lips, gums, and tongue. 

So does it, if you have a number of issues, I realize your body doesn't want that, but is a function of some body organ involved in that? Yes, that generally speaking, still related to your kidney function. It'd be kidney. Yes.

Okay. Okay. Thank you, Donna.

Thank you very much. Jan. Good morning. 

Thank you, Master Liu. My question for you is as an MQ practitioner, are herbs something that we can suggest, or is that strictly for acupuncturists? No, you still can use it because don't look at it as a herb, look at it as the supplement. They are not either there to treat the illness and the disease.

They are either there to support the body, regain the back of the function. You understand? You are not, we are not to treat the disease and the illness. We are deal the qi, we are deal the function disorder.

Okay, good. They say they're so careful here. The purpose to use this concept is try not to focus on the illness and the disease. 

You focus on how to bring back the natural healing ability. So each one of us contain inherited healing ability. Only missing is the requirement, how to restart, how to restart.

In order to restart, we need to reach the balance. So the Shao Dao concept is allow the body have a chance to reach the balance. Then once you get the balance, body can heal itself.

That is the concept why we chose the Shao Dao. Thank you. You're welcome.

That's the end of your questions, but I would like to just put up the five element chart for a moment. Hmm. So when you were talking about the case that dealt with the woman, and you showed, okay, you knew that as a practitioner, my mind went to, oh, she's been on hormone therapy for years. 

It's a heart issue. You went immediately to Shao Dao, did the liver and the spleen. Okay.

And you explained why the heart would then be supported. So you could see that triangle. But then what if the body decided that wasn't the triangle it was going after? It was going after the triangle of the kidney, the liver and the wood.

That's just organic healing, correct? Yes, that's okay too. Okay. Plus the kidney and the heart issue.

So any kind of heart issue that's always related to the kidney, because it's the kidney's job to support, to watch the heart must be in the right place. Just like it's the fireman's job to control the fire, but doesn't mean fireman can control the fire out of spot. The after house burn, the fireman come, right? The kidney is like a fireman, but the kidney, even though they are strong, but they still cannot control every house, the fire.

What I find so clever though, in the system that you're teaching, is that just by going through the wood and the earth, liver and stomach, that the body itself can decide, well, I'm going to go to the kidney or I'm going to go to the heart. Everything is connected and it's going to make its own relationship. I bring that up because I know that we've talked about the next level of Shao Dao, which is in creating the triangles and how many different team effects there are.

So I wanted to bring that out as well. So that as we continue to study this system, what we currently have over the next, say two to three months, I would encourage everybody to truly go back and listen to everything and understand what the relationships are. Because the next level of Shao Dao is when Master Liu is going to be making triangulations and multiple relationships within those triangles.

That's not going to happen until December and January. And it is quite advanced and quite intense. So he's going to need two days to do it in December, where we'll start at 9 a.m. and go till 1. And that'll be on a Saturday and Sunday.

And then in January, we'll do the same thing. But the first session will be strictly five elements. So I truly encourage you, if you've not taken the five element course or read any of Master Liu's books, either take his course, which would be a wonderful prerequisite for understanding Shao Dao 2. So December will focus solely on five element diagnosis and application, according to Shao Dao.

So you've done the first level, now what? In January, he's going to be going into location. How do we understand the meridian? How do we understand the source of where the issue is showing now? What happens after you've used Shao Dao for a month or two? I think it's hard to put all of that in an email. I want to make sure you know what's coming up.

But to get the most out of that, study what you currently have, use it, see what questions come up for you. And then this way, you'll be able to take your studies that much deeper. He's also, in the beginning of November sometime, watch our calendars, going to be doing another free talk where you can come listen and maybe at that time, ask more questions.

Okay. Master Liu, this has been profound. Let me just add one thing, because you bring this, I just don't, you know, since you already bring up the Shao Dao 2 concept, I want to let the people see just like a real lesson, the case one in the case two, right? So what, because I know so much because I can immediately use this.

Why I use this is the same condition, because you have to think we are natural processing, we call acupuncturist herb, people come to you, they carry the old concept, which is a Western medicine diagnosis concept. They use that kind, but in the Western medicine framework, then can be this disease. But the Eastern framework can be different condition.

That is different, the totally different, because in the space and the time different, then look at the same condition is different. So when we're facing this complicated condition in the Eastern, which is a Chinese medicine framework, how do we differentiate that? How do we put it in a different category? Just like, how can we pray to bring the category, knee, lower back, and the bone, and the strength, are belong to the cleaning function, not belong to the bone, not belong to the hormone. Why the hormone issues are belong to the liver, and not as the cleaning.

So that's the concept is a big difference between the Eastern and the Western. How do we view the illness and the disease? Once we're facing this one, so therefore, the Xiao Dao concept, the first level, just help us bring a pure onion, and easier get in. So while we use this way, we can see the beauty of the body.

Definitely, because we are under so many, which is some people ask the questions, if you continue to take a medication, what's happening, right? Then definitely the medication gonna continue bring you go down this path. So how can we blocking it? Doesn't allow this kind of side effect continue, become real issues, right? How can we limit the side effect, and the bring back, because in the quantum field, the time is spontaneously, right? We all believe the past, the future, and the present is happens at the same time. So therefore, how can we deal with the time, instead to deal with the space? That's a challenge for each of us, right? If we can deal with the time, then we can go beyond the time and the space.

That's what I wish, okay? You know, introducing this concept, and the shout out to, we cannot just help a patient deal the condition, we also can help a patient bring back their true natural healing abilities. Thank you very much. So I see you somehow, somewhere in some time.

All right, goodbye, everybody. Goodbye, everybody. Thank you, Master Liu.

Thank you, everyone. Thank you, Elaine. Recording stopped.