There we go. All right, so welcome. We are, first of all, disclaimer, not, we're for educational purposes only. 

This, we're not financial advisors. We can't tell you what to trade. We can't tell you, you know, when to push the buttons, click, etc, etc. 

This is all your responsibility, so remember to trade responsibly and never trade more than you can afford to lose. All right, so today's, what we're going to talk about is the account dashboard. We have done a major overhaul on the account dashboard, and I want to introduce it to you, plus we have created one other brand new tool called the account protection that we are going to basically launch. 

So I've tested it all. Everything's working so far, but until we get it into your hands, there may be some other additional issues because I can't think of every single possible scenario of how you guys might use it, but I hopefully have come up with everything that you guys are going to try, and hopefully it's working the way we need it to be. All right, so let me just first share my screen. 

There we go. And how many people are actually using, how many people are actually using the account dashboard? I am. I do. 

You do? Okay, let's see here. Type a one in the chat if you guys aren't actually getting on the mic. So just type a one in the chat if you are.

Not yet, but it's on your list. Okay, cool. All right. 

Okay, so the account dashboard is a specific tool that we are using for trade copying. That's what it is. And the way that you would install it is exactly the same way that you would install any other indicator. 

So what you're going to do is you're going to go to, and let me just find it here, let's see here, pull this up, and you're going to go to the, and I'll publish this elsewhere for the other individuals that aren't in the bot trading community, but if you go to the bot links, where are we here? Right here, bot links updates and support. It's going to be right here and right here. So there's two new. 

I'm going to be posting them, making them visible here shortly. So when you click on it, you just download this just like you do any other bot. Find out where they are. 

I don't think you're sharing anything. Am I not sharing anything? No. Yeah, you are. 

Yeah, I can see it. I see it. Yeah. 

I'm going to bounce out and bounce back in. Okay. Okay. 

All right. So everyone can see my bot trading, my bot links, updates and support. You guys can all see that and you can see where it says the beta versions. 

You guys can see that? Yes. All right, perfect. Okay. 

So I'll make these two visible after class. And basically, like I said, you just click on the link, you download, just click this download and you're going to be prompted to save it. So remember the location that you're saving it. 

And then what you're going to do is you're going to go into your Ninja Trader control panel, go to tools, and then you're going to go to import and then import NinjaScript assembly. Let me just move this up so we can see it. Tools, import NinjaScript assembly.

And then you're going to look for the file. Once it's going to prompt to open this up, you're going to look for the file that you just downloaded. And you're going to click on it and then follow the prompts. 

Now, you are going to have to restart NinjaTrader after you have installed it. And if you have a prior installation of this, you're going to need to uninstall it first simply by going to tools, remove NinjaScript assembly. And then you're going to select your account dashboard, it's going to be push button account dashboard, you'll click on it and then click remove. 

Once you've removed it, you're going to have to restart NinjaTrader and then install the new version. You're going to do the same thing for the account protection add-on. It's going to be two separate add-ons. 

Once you've got them installed, you find them in the new tab. So if you click on new down at the very bottom, and let me make this even bigger so we can see where it is. Click on new at the very bottom, you're going to see account dashboard and account protection. 

Now, if you do not see those in your new tab, then you have not installed it properly. And either you haven't done the restart yet, or you're gonna have to try it again. So follow those steps once again to install a bot. 

Again, to install, you would go import NinjaScript add-on and to remove, you would remove NinjaScript assembly. So once you go to new, simply click on account dashboard. Now, what's going to happen is it's going to open up this little guy right here. 

And some of this might look a little different to you. So some of the things that we have added. So first of all, actually, I'll just do an overview of this because most people, maybe you haven't seen it. 

We have a save feature that allows you to simply, if I make this bigger, if you were to configure this the way that you want it, you can go up and save it. And then when you go to load it, it's going to load in your pre-configured settings. So that means that if you have an account that's always a leader, and then you have a bunch that are followers, it'll automatically load that in. 

So you don't have to manually update it every single time you open it. So that's what the save and the load do. Now, what we've got here is the blue dot indicates the leader account. 

And you change the leader account right here with this little arrow. You can change it to account one or two, right? You can change it to whatever account you have in here. You can change the leader and you can see that the blue dot changes based on what the leader account is. 

The way to turn it into a follower is you simply click the circle and it turns green. When you have it green, it is now following. So now you have your leader account is the sim 101, and these two are the follower accounts. 

Now, what we've got here is we've got two different modes. We've got execution mode, and we have orders mode. Now, executions mode is simply this. 

The leader account will place all the trades, it'll have the stop, it'll have the target, it'll have the entry, all of that will be on the leader account. When the leader account is triggered into a trade, it will market enter into the followers. That includes the stop and the target. 

So when you use executions mode, all you're going to have is a marketed entry with no stop and no target. It's being protected by the leader account. And what that means is if the leader, then if it's stop gets hit, it'll market you out of the trade. 

If the target gets hit, it'll market you out of the trade, all the followers. Okay, so let's watch this happen in a second. The way we turn this on now is just hit on. 

So the status is currently on. Now, what I'm going to do just to show you guys how this works in executions mode, let me just make this a little bit bigger. Right here. 

And I will put this right over here. And let's drop this down. Drop this down. 

Okay, so what I've got a sim 101 on this side, and we've got the sim account one on this side. Okay, so if I put an order in here, so I'm just going to right click, and I'm going to buy, no, I'm going to sell. Okay.

So I put an order in, you can see that my sim account one only has an entry, it does not have a stop. And it does not have a target, my stop and target are on my leader account. I'm in executions mode. 

You can see that I'm in a position on all three of my accounts, because they're all following. Okay, you guys can see that. And basically, if my stop gets hit, it'll take me out of the trade on all of the accounts. 

If my target gets hit, it'll take me out of the trade on all accounts. So if I just drink, bring this guy down, see if it gets hit, order, there we go, can see that it operated and everything closed the way we wanted to, the entire trade is out, I'm no longer in any, any positions. Okay, so that's one way of doing it. 

The other way is orders mode. Now when I do orders mode, what's going to happen is it's actually going to copy all of the orders from the leader account to the sim account, it's going to be the same on on all of them. So if I was to do that, again, let's just right click and go buy stop market submitted. 

Hang on. Not in the right area. There we go. 

Let's go buy stop market. There we go. Oh, I got to turn it back on. 

Sorry, order canceled. Turn on. And now I'm going to put an order in. 

So you can see that I have an order here. And I have an order here. And let's see if we can't get this filled. 

And you can see that it's moving with when I move the entry. There we go. Okay, so we moved the entry. 

And we've got the stop and we've got the target on the other account. Now if I move my stop, it moves the stop on this account. Okay. 

That's orders mode. Now, what you're going to notice is on this particular thing, you're going to see two new circles. If you're not familiar, if you're familiar with the account, we've got the sink, and we've got the protect. 

Now what the sink does, this works in orders mode. So if I was to actually move the stop on the follower account, you can see that this went out of sync. That means that my stop is no longer in sync with my leader account. 

Now if I drag my stop on my leader account, it brings it back into sync. And you can see that I have now got it synced up. Okay. 

Does everyone understand that part? Because this is a new feature. Type a one in the chat or say yes or whatever. I can't see anybody. 

So yeah. Okay, perfect. Okay. 

Any questions so far? Do you have a preference to, I'll be honest, I've used other trade copiers in the past, and I haven't used this one yet. But I've had problems with orders and stuff like that, where they just kind of get all this out of sync and stuff like that and stuff. You know, is this one work really good and stuff from the orders perspective? To be honest with you, I mean, I've never had any issues with it, but I've only traded it with testing, because I personally don't use orders mode. 

I use executions mode for everything, but I'm there monitoring it. The only time that I will want to use orders mode is when I'm in low liquidity scenarios, because the slippage can be really bad. So if I'm trading overnight, then I want to make sure that I'm copying in orders mode, not in executions mode. 

So that's the only time that I use it. But otherwise, I haven't had any, any issues at all, as far as it following with what's happening. So that's I can't speak to it.

Yeah, no, no, yeah, no, definitely. Yeah. And I mean, it looks really slick. 

So it is. I think it is. So and it's simple. 

It's simple. It's simplified. And it's simple to use.

Oh, yeah, absolutely. But now we've got some new features in here, which I want to want to point out as well. So let's just close this trade. 

So if I close this, it's going to close all of them. So we're out. And you can see that we are now on we've we've now realized that gain, we are no longer in any position, you can see the quantity right here, we have no, no open positions. 

Okay. If you want to do some accounts with orders and some accounts with execution, you can absolutely do that. So when we turn this off, this controls the global setting.

This controls the account settings. So if we if we have this turned on, the global setting is to but this one account is only going to be done with execution. So that's possible, we can absolutely do that. 

So if I was to, again, go into here, and let's go by order submitted, and see if we get filled. See if we get filled. I'm on a 15. 

Okay, so notice I do not have a stop and a target on this account. But if I change it to SIM account number two, I've got the orders placed on there. So pretty straightforward. 

That's how you do that. The other thing that I want to point out, let's just close that again are filled, is we have another option here, which is the quantity multiplier. So if I want to multiply the quantity to one account, I can just simply double click on that, it's going to open up a window. 

And this is where I can adjust the Now this needs to be an integer. In executions mode, you can get away with it being something else. But in orders mode, I would keep it as an integer. 

In fact, it's going to automatically round. So just stick to integers, don't do anything else. And it has to do with the way that it gets multiplied on the stop and the target. 

So we just have to leave it on integers, we can't do it any other way. Okay, so you're either multiplying by two by three by four by five. That's, that's it. 

Okay. So we've got now a two multiplier. And let's just do this one here as a three multiplier. 

Click OK. And I'm going to turn this on. And we are going to actually let me go into orders mode, turn this on. 

And again, I'm going to do a buy stop. And let's just drag this down. There we go. 

So you can see that we have four on the leader account. On the sim account number two, right here, we have 12, which is three times what we wanted, which is the multiplier we had. And if we go to the sim account one, we have eight. 

So it multiplied for us pretty straightforward. I think that's pretty cool that you can see that the stop and the target is all correct. We've got four here, all correct. 

And once again, if your target gets hit, or your stop gets hit, it'll immediately exit the trade correctly. Okay. And again, notice that if I take this, it goes out of sync, you can see that I'm out of sync. 

So if I want to bring it back into sync, there we go. Okay, now we've closed that trade out. And it's, it's done. 

Okay, and that'll work on executions mode, as well as orders mode. Now we have this other section right here that is called protect. Now, that needs to be selected, it only operates when you click this button.

So if you click this button, let's go protect, it's going to bring up this warning message. Now, we have another add on that I'm going to introduce after this, that also offers protection, but it's for individual accounts that aren't part of the copier. Okay. 

So if you're using the copier, you need to use protections in the copier. And I'll explain some scenarios where you can probably just use the other one if you wanted to. But it's going to come up with this warning to remind you that, hey, you're about to turn on protection. 

And if you are, make sure that none of the accounts that you're currently protecting are also being protected with the protection add on. Okay. So you just simply click OK, that's fine. 

Make sure that you know that so I don't want to be protecting any of these accounts with the other add on while I'm protecting them with the account dashboard. Now, one of the things that I want you to notice, before I carry on, is we've added a log. Now, you can see that, remember all those not out of sync scenarios, we're getting live updated information saying, hey, it's not in sync. 

Okay. So that's pretty cool. Now, watch how this protection works.

So we have executions mode, and we have orders mode. Now, when you're in executions mode, all of the protection is coming off of the leader account. And so when we turn this on, and if I enter a trade, so let's do a buy stop, and let's try and get this filled. 

There we go. This account is protected. These two accounts, you can see that they're protected.

And they are protected as long as I have a stop and a target on my leader account. Now, in the event that a stop gets missed, or lost, or removed, there's a slight delay. And if it doesn't get returned back, like if it's not, if it detects that it hasn't been protected for a certain number of seconds, then what's going to happen is it's going to auto close all of these accounts. 

Okay, so let's just order canceled, move that you notice that it said, not protected sim account two, and sim account one are no longer protected. So it just flatted the position for us. Let's just get us out, because we're not protected. 

Now, if you do not want that feature, where it automatically turns you off, then you need to unprotect this. Okay. We have no other way of sending a message. 

It's not built into NinjaTrader. There's nothing that's built into NinjaTrader that can message you and say, hey, you've lost a position, or it's not protected anymore, you need to do something, log in, whatever, there's no way of us to do that. In order for us to build that, we have to build an entire server and build up a bunch of infrastructure and stuff like that. 

And that's not something that we can do in a timely manner or a cost manner in the near future. So that's down the pipe. This is the protection that we can offer for now.

The problem with this is that if you lose connection, there's absolutely nothing that we can do about your orders, because if we've lost connection, NinjaTrader cannot communicate with the brokers. Okay. So this is really going to be helpful when an order gets skipped, it gets missed for whatever reason, the order gets in, you know, because it's happened to us before, where the order is either the stop doesn't get placed, or the target doesn't get placed, or it's mismatched for whatever reason, or for some reason, you get into the the target gets hit, and then it reverses the position. 

But whatever is happening, it's not protected. So it'll just shut it down. Okay, does everyone understand that particular? Yes. 

Yeah. Okay. Yes. 

Okay, perfect. Now, orders mode, when we put it on to orders mode, the protection is based on the stop and the target on each of the accounts. So again, if I enter this trade, order submitted, see if I can get in right here, there we go. 

So now what's going to happen is watch the protection. So if I just take the stop off that this is the account that is unprotected now, just that one. So give it a second. 

It says that account number one is not synced, and it's not protected. And it should be shutting down. And it's not shutting down. 

So I'm going to have to find out why because it should be. Come on. So I'll deal with that. 

That's a bug. It should be I just tested the last version. And he just made some changes to the today. 

So we'll just have to get that tested again. But normally, that would shut down. So we will get that fixed. 

And we will shut that down. Okay. So normally, that would work.

And my apologies for not working. And if we close this, this give this a second, because account number two is unprotected. There we go. 

And it flattened the position. So I need to get that orders mode fixed. And but otherwise, that's the way it will be working. 

Okay. Any questions? No questions? All right. Okay, the next thing I want to show you is the daily loss.

And the let's go here. And let's go to a daily loss of let's do $50. And then this one here, we'll do a daily goal of $50. 

And we'll see what happens with the trades. So again, let's turn this on. Let's go. 

See if I can get this in. We'll see which one hits first if it hits at all. Okay, so we're in a trade. 

Why did that not copy over? Here we go. No, that's one. Where's number two? Oh, because I'm already so that says 53. 

So I already reached the daily loss. So it did not take the trade. Okay, so let me just exit that. 

And let me close this out. Turn this off. I Okay, and let's turn that back on. 

Sorry, I need glasses. Order submitted. Order. 

There we go. Okay, so now we're in the trade. So now if this loses and we hit that, there we go. 

That one hits $60 loss. And you can see that it says flattened by daily loss target protector. Okay, so it automatically closed you out. 

And the other trades are still in because we are we're good to go. So this does work. But again, if you lose connection, none of this protection is going to help you if you're losing connection. 

So you need to be connected to a data source in order for this stuff to work. There's no way around it. So I'm not quite sure what else to do for that. 

So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to reverse position for a second and see if we can't carry this lower. And now it's going to go higher, isn't it? I just want to see if we can hit that target. And it'll say the same thing. 

It'll be flattened by daily loss target protector. Let me just go into here. Maybe see if it hits it now. 

I got to hit $60. I think that's what I had or $50. $60. 

No, daily goal is 50. So I just need to hit 50. Come on.

I can't predict the market. So I don't know if it's going to go up, down or sideways. So we'll see what happens. 

Give it a few more minutes. Now, the other tool that we have, I'll bring that open while that's trading, see if it'll trigger, is we have the account protection. So that's this guy right here. 

Let me just get that out of the way. So the account protection, this is going to be for individual accounts. So when would you use this? You could use this in two different scenarios. 

One, if you're not trading with a copier, then this is the tool that you want to use. Number two is if you wanted to use this with your copier, but not use the protection in your copier. The only way that you could use this and your copier like for the trades that are being copied is if you're in orders mode and orders mode only. 

This will not work with executions mode because obviously in executions mode, there is no stop and target. So if you try to use the account protection on an individual account level on executed trades that are being copied in the copier, they'll close out immediately because there's no stop and no target. That requires the protection of the leader account, which is why you need to use the protection built into the actual copier. 

Does everybody understand what I'm saying there and does that make sense? Type two in the chat if it doesn't make sense and you need me to explain it again. All good? Okay. Oh, two. 

Okay. So Jason, you need to explain it again. Okay. 

So in executions mode, when you're copying a trade, the orders, like the stop and the target, don't get transferred over to the follower account. The follower account only has the open position. It doesn't have a stop and a target. 

So if it doesn't have a stop and a target, then that individual account is technically not protected. It requires the protection of the leader account in order for it to be protected. If you're trying to protect it with this account protection, this is only an individual level. 

Okay. It's not going to recognize the leader account. It's not going to know that you are trading with a copier. 

It's not going to know that you're using a leader account. It's not going to know to use that as the protection. You need to do that with the copier. 

Okay. But if you're in orders mode, there is a stop and a target on every single account. It doesn't matter. 

If it's in orders mode, it's got a stop and a target. So you could protect it individually with the account protection. Does that make more sense? Yep. 

In orders mode, you can use the individual account protection. Yes. Okay. 

But in executions mode, you have to use the protection in the account dashboard. Okay. All right. 

So it looks like this is not going to work for what I wanted to do. So that's unfortunate. Let's just flip that around. 

It'll work the other way. I just wanted to hit $60, but now it's got to hit like $100. I'm going to get a $100 win. 

I don't know what's going to happen. Anyway, we'll just close that for now because I want to demonstrate this. So right now, again, we, let me just turn this off for a second because there's another, um, where's the tool here? New account protection. 

So there is a, there's, oh, it's on the individual account. Okay. Forget it. 

Um, all right. So what I want to do here is we're going to turn the copier off. And now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to set the protection on the individual account. 

So right now, if I hit SIM 101, it's going to come up again with a warning. You're about to turn on account protection for your SIM 101 account. Please ensure this account is not being protected with the account dashboard add-on, plain and simple. 

Okay. When you hit okay, it's turned on. It's now says SIM 101 protection is turned, uh, turned off. 

It should be turned on. Hang on. Okay. 

He needs to reverse those. I need to get that fixed too. Okay. 

Um, okay. So it turned on, it is now turned on. So let me get into a trade order submitted. 

Let me just mark it in, uh, order submitted. No, I don't want to do that. Why can't I mark it in order? Order failed. 

There we go. All right. So we are, we're in the trade.

And if I, again, remove the stop, because it's being protected by this account protection, you take the stop away, give it a second. Order failed. And there you go. 

SIM 101 will be flattened. MN, uh, MNQ 625. So it tells me the contract, everything. 

And it's, it's automatically because I didn't, it's, this is only protection. So if I don't have a stop, if I don't have a target, if it's closing out because of that, you're going to see this, this log, it's going to say exactly why the trade closed. So if you are gone and you come back and you see your trades closed and you don't quite know why, if you look over here, you're going to see exactly why the time is there that the account is there and what happened. 

That's why it was closed. Okay. And we can do that for each of the accounts. 

Again, there's a warning that comes up every single account that you turn on. So every single one of those accounts that turn, uh, turned on, if I, uh, and this is an individual, this is not a copier. Again, if I go into the trade, oops, that jumped up too high, just get filled there. 

Let me go over to this account and let's just go, uh, buy market. Oops, hang on. See, and that one didn't have a protection. 

Let me just throw some protection in here and let's go buy market. There we go. Oops. 

Hang on. Let's go. Yeah, right there. 

Oh, sorry. Let me, uh, let me get rid of this because this is the, I got to take that out. Let's go zero because that's affecting the account.

Order filled. There we go. Okay. 

So, and you can see that it was daily loss target protector. That's what was dropping that account because that still affects the trade, right? Um, all right. So we've got this account and this account operating two very different accounts. 

So I'm going to close out because it's got protection. Where's that protected account? Where's my account? Um, let me see where it is. There we go. 

Okay. So that was just flattened right there. And now if I do this guy right here, we're going to see that it's going to flatten here shortly.

There we go. Flattened. Okay. 

So, uh, that's the cool protection that we've offered. Um, there's a couple of things that I just realized that I need to get fixed. And these are just, like I said, this needs to say turned on, not turned off. 

So I'll get that taken care of. Uh, but this is now up and ready to go. So I'm going to open the floor to any questions regarding either one of these. 

So Tracy, obviously the protection is kind of geared more towards, you know, mishaps with Ninja, you know, ghost trades, you know, stupid stuff like that, that, you know, the thing just doesn't have a target and stop and you get screwed, you know? Okay. Yep. Cool. 

No, I love it. I love it. That's it's phenomenal.

Yep. Okay. And then, like I said, it'll notify or it'll show you whether you're in sync, whether you're protected or not. 

It's just a safety thing that you can, you can take a look at the big thing for us is that if something does happen for whatever reason, it's auto closing the trade and it's putting a message here so that, you know, when you get back to your computer, why didn't the trade happen? This is, it's going to tell you what happened. Okay. Any questions? Any other questions? Yes. 

You can use these with a VPS. They will require a machine ID, of course. So you'll need to submit the machine ID, but yes, these work just fine with a VPS. 

Any other questions? Tracy, can we use this? Can I use this now? Because I have to uninstall the old dashboard because my, my VPS or something had issues with third party add-ons. Remember that? I don't think that's your problem because you're still having the issue. So yeah, yep. 

Yeah, I still do. Yep. What's your issue with the VPS? NinjaTrader told her to uninstall third party add-ons because she was having disconnection problems, but she's still having disconnection problems with them uninstalled. 

Are you using ChartVPS or Forex? TraderVPS. TraderVPS? Yep. It's happening on three different VPS services. 

So we've got people on ChartVPS. We've got people on Forex. We've got people on TraderVPS and it's happening on all of them. 

I don't believe that it's a VPS issue and I don't believe that it is a NinjaTrader issue. I believe it is a APEX issue. That's what I believe. 

Gotcha. And that's, we can't fix that right until they fix it. So yeah. 

All right. Any other questions? What do you guys think of the new account protection software? It's slick, Tracy. It's really slick. 

Yeah. They're sort of nice. Cool, cool. 

What about the changes we've made to the account dashboard? So like I said, everything, yep. Yeah. I mean, it's really cool and I love the way of how you built it into Ninja through a dropdown under the new section there. 

So it's really, it's more intuitive. It's easier to use. I like the fact that you're, when you go put a daily loss in, you can click into it and put a number in. 

So it's easier, much easier to use than other things that I've used in the past. Cool. Also though, when you set up, for example, a daily loss, it's like also a protection, right? Some kind of protection because it happened to me a few weeks ago that I hit a target, but on the operation, it didn't do anything. 

But I didn't have, you know, like a set limits in the dashboard. Right now I'm doing, every time I do it at night, I put a loss limit and a take profit limit because if I had it before, it maybe can't do anything. So it was maybe taking me out of the operation. 

I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. But like I said, this will not let you trade once you get above these levels or below the loss level. 

Once you hit that, it won't trade. And that's what was happening with this one here when I had that set to 50. I've already passed that. 

So it just kept closing the trade every time I tried to enter a new trade. So yeah, it is a form of protection. But again, it doesn't help if you are not connected to your broker. 

So if you're not connected, there's no way that NinjaTrader could communicate any of this stuff. Okay. Tracy, how would you advise us to use the daily loss and daily goal? If I've set my bot, if it's either gonna win or it's gonna lose, I happen to trade on the chart and I'm watching the trades happen. 

It's just my nature. But how would you advise, unless I'm trading on my own and I do trade my own account, daily loss and daily goal won't play a big role or does it? Well, the daily goal, I usually only use the daily goal for if I'm getting really close to getting funded. For instance, let's say that I'm $300 away from being funded. 

I might set my daily goal at 350. And that way I know that once it gets to 350, it's just gonna close the trade out due to that. I don't have to wait for it to hit the target.

I don't have to wait for it to hit a trailing stop. I can just set it that way. I'm not a believer of having quote unquote daily goals. 

Because I think that daily goals prevent you from trading when you're really, really good. And then they keep you over trading when you're when you shouldn't be trading because most people are trying to hit this daily goal, daily goal, daily goal. As far as the daily loss, I use that as a protection. 

So if I have, say, a 2R max loss in the day, then if my R is 250, I would set it at 555, right? And because that's the most I'd want to lose is, you know, the 500, sorry, 505. So $500 plus a little bit of a give. And that way, if I do lose two consecutive trades in a row, it's just done.

It's not going to copy anymore, because that's the way that I've set it up. But if you're doing bot automation, I would just set it like what your max loss is in a day, if let's say that you're trading three trades. So if you got max three trades in a day, the max loss that you should incur on a $250 risk unit is 750. 

So I would set that at, say, 780, just as a backup, because you shouldn't be preventing the bot from doing its thing. If you've decided to take three trades, then you have to assume the risk. And that is if it could potentially lose all three of those trades in a day, just like it could potentially win all three of those trades in a day. 

So you have to assume the risk and expect the risk. And if you try to stop it from working any other way, you could end up prematurely getting yourself out of the trade before it actually has a chance to work or win, if that makes sense. Do you know what I mean? Yep, yep, makes perfect sense. 

Thank you. Yeah. So I would just use it as kind of a kind of like a safety net. 

So if you're on a tightrope, and you're walking on a tightrope, you know, you're doing your thing, the safety nets just there in case you fall. And that's kind of the same with the daily loss. And the daily goal is just in case you're not there to get it to where you need it to go. 

Or if it goes a little bit further than what you expected it to do, then it's just kind of a backup. It strikes me that I could also use it. I've got a couple of eval accounts that are close to being, you know, under $500 away from being closed out. 

Yep. So I could set a daily loss to protect me against that $500 loss, right? I want to take a $500 loss. So in that instance, I see it, I could use a daily loss. 

I could set that there for a daily loss of three or 400. And then just close it out at that point. So I don't lose the account. 

This is an eval account. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. 

Don't be afraid of blowing out the account. Oh, no, I'm blown out. But I could see myself doing that in a case or two. 

For whatever reason, I could possibly see myself doing that. Yes, I wanted to save it for whatever reason. And I don't foresee a reason for it at the moment. 

But yeah, no, I understand what you mean. Yeah, for sure. For sure. 

Absolutely. All right. Cool. 

Great question. All right. Anybody else? Another thing. 

When is Megascaper, any updates about it? I just published it today. Really? I haven't seen it. Yeah, I just posted it today. 

So you'll see it in the right here. Where? Go into the bot links updates. You'll see it Megascaper 1.9 right there.

Bot links, but I don't have that link like that. You don't have that? Okay, then I'll I'll have to put it in Matt's group. So that's the other thing, guys, just an update that what we are going to be doing come June. 

We're just getting prepared for it. But we're going to amalgamate both groups. So we're going to put my group and Matt's group together. 

We are going to we're going to move everybody into the let me just move this out of the way. We're going to move everybody into this bot trading community. You're now going to see your course and recordings all in here is all currently hidden right now, but you will see it in here. 

And that way, we're just going to move everybody into one room. So you're not having to look for everything along the side. So that's down the pipe is going to make things a little bit easier. 

You'll see all your bots are going to be right here. So downloads, you can get bot downloads, you'll get them all right here. And then along with the trade copier and account dashboard, you'll get that all in here. 

So that'll be that'll simplify but we're not moving everybody over until June. So I'm just letting you guys know that and then Matt and I will both be coaching you kind of thing and sharing the load that way. And yeah, just going to try and streamline things and make it a little bit easier and simpler for everybody. 

Will you please send me that all day? I have to put it in Matt's group. So I'll either get Matt to do it or I'll see if I can publish it there. Okay. 

And what's the name of the group to where the trade copier is? It's in the bot links, updates and support. But I will post it in my group, where the bot where the bots go. And I will also post it or I'll get Matt to post it in his group as well so that you guys will have the account protection.

You'll have the account dashboard and the mega scalper. Okay. Okay. 

Cool. Awesome. All right.

Any other questions? Oh, one more thing that I wanted to point out with this delay or this protection, there is a delay. This is five second delay. So it's going to wait five seconds for if it hasn't been protected within five seconds, and it'll close the account.

You can turn that off. Double click on that and you can change the protection delay. So if you wanted 15 seconds, 10 seconds, six seconds, one second, whatever it is, you just change the number in there, hit OK. 

And it'll update into here. And that's the number of seconds. So if you're placing manual trades, for example, and you don't know how to set up ATM strategies, or if you need to place the stop and the target after you can give yourself a little bit of a longer delay.

And that way it won't close out the stop or the target. But if you're stepping away after you've the trade and for whatever reason, the target disappears, then it'll act then. Okay. 

Does that make sense? Yes. Good. All right. 

So like I said, I'll be getting this fixed here. Protection is turned. I got to get that turned so it's opposite. 

So in version 1.2, we'll get that fixed. It'll be turned around. And if you guys use this, if you have any other issues or concerns or questions, then I'd like you to let me know and we will get it taken care of ASAP. 

I have tested it as best I can, thought of as many things that I could run it through as I possibly could. But obviously, there's some things that I've missed, like this, for instance. I just picked that up now. 

So yeah. And then, of course, I need to get that orders mode fixed for the protection on this account if you lose the follower account. Okay. 

All right. So if everybody's good, go ahead. Yep. 

Yes. Okay. Other than that, does anybody have any other questions that they wanted me to cover that they were expecting regarding the bot automation stuff? Is there a video about how to use Megascalper? Oh, there is. 

Yep. So yep. Yep. 

Yep. Okay. All right, folks. 

Well, I will let you guys go. Thank you very much for joining me. I'll publish this video sometime either late tonight or tomorrow, depending on how long it takes Zoom to process it. 

And otherwise, I will get all this other stuff uploaded to you later today. All right. You guys have a great week, and all the best. 

Thanks, guys. Thank you. Good night. 

Bye.