There we go. So tonight we're going to talk about the predictors of success, the behaviors that can determine success in your trading or in your bot trading. But first, I want to throw out our disclaimer. 

We do provide education, not financial advice. We do not trade for you. We've been asked to do that many times. 

We do not manage your money. We do not manage funds. We can't guarantee profits. 

Trading is risky. You can lose more than you invest, and past performance does not guarantee future results. And your future results won't always match the current trading conditions.

Always trade responsibly and never risk more than you can afford to lose. Let's go ahead and get started. So first we're going to talk about our agenda, which is learning the predictors of success, what separates those who succeed from those who don't. 

And we're going to introduce you to our SPARC framework. SPARC is an acronym we'll introduce you guys to. It's something easy to remember. 

It has to be really, really simple for you to remember, especially me. I need something that I can remember on all five fingers. And then we will interview a couple community members who have volunteered, kind of share their specific experiences. 

So let's start with SPARC. The first thing is, or actually we'll come back to that, but why most traders struggle. And this is very interesting, which a lot of us are guilty of this for very, very, very different reasons, but changing bots randomly. 

I don't know if you guys have ever done this, but especially after a losing streak, how many guys ever just change random settings, right? Like if you see a bot lose, maybe it's a stop loss padding or a profit target. You're going to randomly adjust it. Well, our advice is always back test everything you do, right? Or ignoring risk rules. 

So we do have some advice on using specific risk. As you guys know, Apex does have some, or really any funded account program does have some very specific risk rules that you are required to follow. So for example, if you have a, we'll talk about a 50K account. 

You guys know what the rules are for your drawdown is minus $2,500, right? That is your drawdown limit. However, a moderate risk, moderate would be what? About 10% of that, or you would say $250 per trade, right? That would be moderate risk. Now, a super conservative version of that would be conservative, would be about 5%.

I can spell conservative would be 5%, right? Which would be 125 per trade. An aggressive would be 20% or $500 per trade. Now, some of you guys do this thing that you guys call YOLO, which is $2,500 per trade. 

I know there's people on this call who are guilty of this. No names, but you're basically taking one trade that you'll either blow up the account or it'll get funded. And that is obviously ignoring risk rules, right? So YOLO means you only live once, right? It's kind of like the Hail Mary. 

And especially if you have that, if you're doing a YOLO risk, you only live once risk, using 100% of what you're allowed to do for your drawdown across using it with a trade copier. That obviously, if the trade works, then you get funded. If not, you got to blow up and you start all over, right? So ignoring risk rules, then of course, over tweaking strategies or emotionally reacting to every losing trade. 

Now, most of us are human. Some of us are robots, but emotionally reacting to every single losing trade. Is it okay to be sad if a trade loses? Yeah, of course it happens.

We have feelings, but a lot of times what happens is those emotions kind of cause us to make decisions, right? It causes us to do things, to change our plan and our job as traders is to what? To execute our plan, right? And when we change up our plan, especially when we're having a losing streak, maybe we double our risk if we're on a losing streak or do something that's not part of our plan. That of course kind of sabotages our, or maybe we just stop the bot trade, turn it off altogether. I've heard of people have different rules for when they decide to stop the bots to losing trades in a row. 

I've heard people have all obscure rules for why they decide to disable the bots from, and most people are using bots and use bot trading automation so that they don't have to manually make decisions, but yet the human element still overrides and sabotages things, right? So one of these reasons of course is emotionally reacting. And then the last is not showing up or engaging with the tools and community. So part of why we want to talk about this tonight is we've actually had a handful of, not a handful, but maybe a few, two or three people cancel the community in the last maybe few days. 

And we realized that they didn't even have NinjaTrader installed. So they'd been around for a few months and didn't have NinjaTrader installed. How do we know? They didn't even give us machine IDs, right? So what we want to do is make sure you guys know what we offer, what's out there. 

If you get stuck, reach out. Of course, it's kind of heartbreaking for us that someone didn't give us a machine ID. We didn't reach out to them or we didn't, we didn't follow up with them. 

So we want to ensure, of course, that people have, they know what we're offering and that we're able to kind of help you guys if you get stuck, that you guys know what resources are out there. And yes, emotionally reacting to losing trades leads to all, we'll say all bad behaviors, right? All bad behaviors. So let's talk about our framework here for, it's called Spark. 

So S means show up consistently, attending classes and community involvement. And we'll show you actually here in a sec, how you guys can tell in the community, there's actually a little visual that you guys can look at. There's a, I forget what it's called, where you can look at how often it's called a, what's activity streak. 

So you can see how many days in a row you've shown up. And what's interesting is when people fall off, like people show up, you know, every day and then becomes once a week and then once a month, and you can tell people are just kind of losing interest, just, you know, and you can kind of anticipate where that's going. But 80% of course is showing up, right? And of course that's true here. 

And then proactively ask, so don't wait until you're overwhelmed to speak up. So obviously if you, we've had people who couldn't get Apex set up, or they didn't get their Apex connected to their NinjaTrader account and wanted to quit. So of course those are easy fixes. 

Just reach out, let us know where you're stuck or if you're stuck. We've had people who couldn't get NinjaTrader installed on a Mac. It is possible, does take a few extra steps. 

So reach out if you get stuck there. And then of course, make sure you check your calendar and align your calendars. If something's not on your calendar, obviously you got to schedule some time. 

We've had people who joined, never showed up to class, never did anything, never gave us machine IDs. And then of course, never showed up to class, never did anything and then canceled, right? So we want to make sure you guys know what's out there and what's available for, you know, for you to attend. We do have some prerecorded stuff, of course, and live. 

And then of course, make sure you are regulating your own expectations. A lot of times we are disappointed when we make up our own expectations and then reality differs or is different than our expectations. And a lot of that has to do with when we say, I need to make $1,000 a day. 

I need to make X amount per week, per month, per X, right? And that doesn't happen, then we're, what? We're disappointed, right? Because things aren't going the way we think they should. And those are, you know, we're kind of making our own rules for when we're allowed to be happy, when we're allowed to kind of relax and when we're allowed to just enjoy life, right? I won't be happy until X. And then we set some bar way out there that we won't be happy until that occurs. And then when we get close to that, we won't allow ourselves to be happy because then we move the bar, right? I can't be happy until everything's perfect and nothing's ever perfect, so I can't ever be happy, right? So of course, regulate your own expectations. 

Executing things, of course, following the plan is more important than the outcome. And to me, really executing the plan is really more important than winning. I don't know if you guys have ever thought about that. 

It's more important than winning. Is this on? Of course. It is very, very much, very, very important, right? Because a lot of times your day is set by whether you made money, right? Like if someone's like, how's your day? It's based on whether you made money that day or not. 

But couldn't it be based on whether you followed your plan or not? And regardless of whether you made money. Some of you guys know Tracy and I, Tracy Ball and I, I have a wife also named Tracy. Tracy Ball and I chat almost every day.

And you would never know when we chat whether we made money or not unless we specifically say it because my mood doesn't depend whether I made money or not, right? It doesn't. I'm going to be the same person whether I made money or lost money, right? Because of course, I'm executing my plan. It doesn't really make a difference whether I made money or not because I'm, of course it does over time. 

But specifically, you know, each and every day, my mood doesn't vary whether I made money or lost money. If I followed my plan and I lost money, what else could I have done, right? And then K is whether you are keeping consistency. So consistency over time is important, just like working out, just like going to the gym, losing weight. 

Of course, those habits, you have to have a consistency calendar and small wins over time equal long-term change. So I'm going to check. Do we have our next guest here? We do.

Yeah. Okay. Let me see if we can introduce you guys to our next guest. 

I just made him co-host. I think if you can accept, did he accept? I think he did. We're just in a meeting anyway, Matt, aren't we? Yeah. 

Yeah. He's on his mic. Yeah. 

Okay. So, and you have some questions, I think. There we go. 

One sec. We're going to ask Chris to join us on microphone. I'll just stay on stage.

Chris, hello. Are you there? Yeah. Can you hear me? Yes. 

How are you, Chris? Good. Good. I've got a audio issue, so I'm doing the computer and my phone, so.

Yeah. No worries. Yeah. 

I'm good. I'm good. How are you doing today? I'm good. 

I'm good. Thanks for asking. Awesome. 

Thanks for volunteering. I know it's a lot of times opening up and kind of sharing your story, your progress is sometimes a little bit nerve wracking at times, but tell us a little bit. Yeah. 

Tell us about you. Where do you live? Tell us some of the background. Currently, I live in Gardnerville, Nevada, which is just, it's about 20 minutes east of Lake Tahoe.

Oh, my favorite places. Yeah. Yeah. 

We've been here for, I don't know, about six months. When I first signed up with you, Matt, we were in Hawaii at the time, so we made that transition. We're here now. 

Yeah. It was a good transition for me as far as trading because I kind of worked it into my lifestyle, and so it's kind of been a nice little, it's worked out well for me. Yeah. 

We like it here. It's good. Awesome. 

I took my youngest to Heavenly. You were snowboarding. Oh, yeah. 

Yeah. Like in January, so yeah. Oh, yeah. 

For sure. Yeah. Well, tell us, what was your biggest challenge before joining the program? Well, there's probably a whole long list of them, but the biggest one honestly was probably believing that I could do it and just having the faith that I could do it.

I learned to trade many years ago, like 2011, 2010, somewhere in there, and it's been off and on since then, but mainly off. And so there became a point where it was just, am I ever going to do it? Is it ever going to happen? And so when I ran into you last year, that was really probably, and even over through last year, that was my biggest issue was just having the belief that I could do it for sure. So when did things just start shifting? Because you started turning a corner, you started thinking you could do it.

Like what shifted for you? So I spent, once we got here, I spent, so I took the first class with you last, it was a year ago, I guess, March or April somewhere. I did both the bots and the push button with you, and then promptly did absolutely nothing. And so when I came back in September of last year, I spent probably about six weeks with the push button, with the indecision, and just in playback mode, and just drilled it and drilled it. 

And I finally got a good three, four month stretch where I had, was up 30 or so R, 40 R. And at that point, I really had the faith, just the belief that it could be done and I could do it. And so from that was kind of my, a bit of a turning point for me. Right. 

And for those of you who don't know, push button is a, it's a add-on that goes on the chart that allows you to, it's a semi-automated, it's not a fully automated bot. And you can go back into market replay mode and it's like a simulator. You can go back in time and practice like manual trades in a semi-automated fashion. 

That's what he's referring to, for those of you who aren't aware what that is. So, yeah. Awesome. 

So what part of the, like showing up, proactively asking for help or aligning your calendar, regulating your expectations, being consistent, what part of that do you think was the biggest difference maker for you? So, they're all really got their points and well-deserved to be included in that list, but probably showing up is the, and participating because that really, for me, prompted that commitment, you know, and just some accountability and you're there and, you know, but it was really what helped me the most was just being there every day, keeping it in the forefront of my mind. So you guys had a like live class. I tried to be in it.

I couldn't do that. It was a recording if I, and I was definitely in the, just in the community, just, you know, throwing stuff against the wall and just posting whatever I could and just being a part of it. And so that all was really probably that first, you know, showing up is really, really critical. 

Right. And how has that impacted like your overall trading results? So I break everything up into last year and this year. So last year was, you know, consistency really was hit or miss. 

You know, I came back in September and October and really did nothing in November and December, got COVID, the snow came. So I wanted to ski. So I really didn't do anything, but I did some, but I wasn't really committed to it. 

And then at the first year, I really made that difference or made that commitment. And, and since January to now, you know, basically since February 1st to today, I'm up 50 plus R, you know, manually trading. I come every single day. 

I've just made huge amounts of progress. And the, just the consistency is what's really done it for me, you know? Right. Right. 

So what advice would you give to someone who's maybe just starting out in, in trading who thinks this is kind of overwhelming and, you know, maybe, cause you mentioned you've been doing this since 2011 that, you know, maybe you have a decade plus headstart. What would you say to someone who's just starting out trading? What advice would you give? It would be, I would say, you know, find out why you're doing it. Like what that motivation is, what that goal is, what that reason is of why you want to trade. 

Because as you go through the program and as you go make, go through your journey, it's going to be tough. I mean, you're going into a world of probabilities of, to a degree, uncertainty, you know, you can do everything right and still lose. And there were so many times where I just frustrated and annoyed with, with how it was going. 

But having that reason why I'm doing it was what always continued to push me through. So I, there was never a day that I just, after I really kind of found that, you know, back in the beginning of the year, I kind of spent a little bit of time ingraining in my head, in my mind, why I was doing this and what my motivation was. And that's really kind of pushed me through to be consistent, to show up every day. 

And then as you go, that just becomes more nature and who you are and you get success and it just kind of snowballs. So that was for me, was really what, what helped. Right. 

And I see you posting in the push button section, like Tracy's push button community all the time. So I want to thank you for that. If you don't mind, I'm going to read something that you read to me. 

Let me pull it up real quick. This was, I don't know, a couple weeks ago, maybe a month ago. One sec. 

This is, you just said, sharing my thought processes helps me tremendously. Hopefully seeing my successes and failures helps others. I know I love seeing what everyone else is doing, but I really should be thanking the team for creating push button and sharing all that you have. 

I'm having an absolute blast. So that was February 11th. So that was what, I guess a couple, two months ago almost. 

So yeah. Thanks for sharing. I know there's a little things that happen with risk and different things accidentally changing risk and different things that happen along the way, but you know, there's, there's things that accidents happen and, you know, I'm trying not to say what I'm trying not to say. 

You can say it. I've, I've blown accounts. I've done stupid things. 

I've been all over the place. I didn't know. I didn't want to say unless you're comfortable. 

I'm trying to hint at it. In fact, even this, even last week, I had just a complete mental blow up day where I just went berserk and just wasted a whole bunch of hours. So yeah. 

Do you want to share the story with the group and kind of what you did to sure. It could almost be which story, but yeah, I guess the most recent one would be I, I think it was a couple of weeks ago and I, I was trading and I think I had, I must've had 13, 13 evals running and they were anywhere. They were all within, you know, seven are some closer within an hour. 

They were all at some stage and it was, yeah, pardon me. Yeah. Exactly. 

And and so I it was a trade in the morning and it was, you know, it was, it was a fine trade. It was, you know, however it was, but there happened to be a a spike and it and it kicked me out. No big deal. 

It would have been a one hour loss, but all sudden Ninja trader just started screaming at me with, you know, pop-ups of blowing, you know, well, however the wording is blowing accounts, blowing accounts. And I go to the dashboard and it's all red and and I'm freaking out. And so I, I text or I message Tracy and, you know, what happened, you know, center screenshots and all this stuff. 

And we're looking at it. And normally I trade with a a hundred R on my SIM account. And then I copy that with multipliers anywhere from 1.5 to 2.5 across my evals. 

And actually at the time, I think I was running a cash account too. So in a word, she's looking through it and helping me and taking time out of her her trading day. Cause it was right in the morning. 

And then she notes, she sends back saying that I had a thousand, my R set at a thousand. And as soon as she said it, I knew exactly what I did. The day before I had been in playback mode messing around with the ES and I had bumped my RF to a thousand and I didn't even think about it and I left it. 

So all my trades, my one R trades were, or my trades were all 50, either 1,500 or 2,500. And it instantly just wiped out all of my accounts. And so, you know, as I posted, I posted that in there and I, you know, basically went and hit under the covers for two days and, you know, till I felt better, but sure. 

But yeah, it so, and that's, like I said, I've done that. I'm not that particular thing, but I've blown accounts and done stupid things, but you know, it's just got to keep coming back. Right. 

And I really, I think it's, you know, like you sharing that story just shows like the human element of trading, right? A lot of times we like to just show our, our highlight reels of how awesome we've done and not the kind of new screw ups that we all, you know, have to face. Right. And, you know, but I appreciate you sharing that. 

We've all had those kind of, you know, mess ups before. So. Yeah. 

Before you move on, Matt, because I think it's really pivotal to just pause for a second right here, because what Chris just explained, if all of us could think about experiencing that exact same thing. And I know that there people that have left our community that have experienced something similar and they left due to that event. And I think it's really important to recognize here that what Chris said is that it happened. 

He was down on himself for a couple of days. He shook it off and then he got started again. And that is the growth that he has developed and shown over the last year as he's been working on himself in his trade psychology and all that kind of stuff. 

And, and that's paying off. And that's the difference between someone that is getting to the level of professional trader versus an amateur trader. So I've said it to him many times and I've said it to the rest of the community that comes to the trading psychology classes, but Chris is an example here. 

And I hope that you can see that in just the way that he's talking. That's the level that you want to get to. And that takes a lot of hard work. 

So first of all, good on you, Chris. And I hope that would be a good, good recognition and example to everybody else. Yeah. 

And that's S, it's show up, right? After all that, even though it was an honest mistake, Chris, right? You actually had a zero at the end of your risk, a hundred versus a thousand, you know, honest mistake. And then times however many seven or seven accounts or whatever it was, we figured it, we figured it was 13 and we figured it was like a $26,000 blow up across all of them. Right. 

Honest mistake. But then you still, you know, you still showed up, right? Maybe you took a day or two off and, you know, binge watch reach or something, but right. Which that's an awesome show.

Yeah. But you still showed up right after you came back. Right. 

So yeah. And I, and I will say just to add that is, is it's, is, is, is as I've been moving along, you know, whenever there's been days when I haven't, you know, things haven't gone the way I wanted or something like that happens. I'm all like by the next day, I'm ready to go. 

It's, you know, you just, it's you put it behind you and it hasn't ever really affected, you know, wanting to continue or believing in it or being frustrated or anything. It's just come right back and keep going. Got it. 

Awesome. Well, thank you so much for setting the example for the community for students. And I know you spent a lot of time in working with Tracy and thanks for being an awesome member. 

Appreciate it. You're welcome. Thank you guys. 

Appreciate it. Yep. All right. 

So there's a, I don't know if you guys got any awesome nuggets, if you want to throw anything that was memorable to you, throw it into the chat there as we kind of set up and transition to our next guest here in just a moment. But that was, that was tough to, you know, if you guys can all put yourself in those shoes and kind of imagine what that would be like to make a $26,000 honest, honest, honest mistake, right. What that would be like. 

And then how would you react to that? I don't know what day of the week that was, if that was a Monday, but that would have been kind of a crappy Monday. Maybe that was a Friday. I don't remember what day of the week that was, but yeah, he came back and ready to go right after. 

So any, anything there that stood out to you guys into the chat, but again, I heard some of the, some of the same things that we've been talking about kind of here. Yeah, absolutely. So we're going to go ahead and bring on our next guy.

This is not an actual picture. He is not an actual robot. This is his picture.

This is his community photo. I have met Shane in person. He does not look like this.

This is not an accurate representation. Shane, are you there? Hello? Close. Hey, how are you? He's got bigger biceps than I promised.

A hundred percent. I have to keep them off screen. That's why my screen's like chest up.

That's funny. How are you doing today, Shane? Good, man. Good, good. 

Stayed up way past my bedtime for you. So I know. Thank you so much. 

I appreciate it. Tell everyone where you, where you live, where are you from? So I'm in Florida. Yeah. 

So we're in the space coast area. So right around Cape Canaveral, Cocoa Beach. My wife works for the Space Force. 

I've been in real estate for 10 plus years. I'm actually like W2 corporate employee in the world of real estate as well. Work a regular full-time job. 

So gotcha. And I got to meet you in Orlando, right? That's where I met you at the money show. Yeah. 

The money show in there. Yep. That's right. 

That was last September, I think. Yeah. Yeah. 

Well, tell us, tell us a little bit about how you, how you, how did you manage expectations in the beginning? And you, how'd you pull that off? Sure. Sure. First, thanks for sharing, Chris. 

Super humble and it's always a pleasure to trade next to you. So thanks for sharing a little bit more about yourself. I appreciate it.

And yeah, so I didn't really have any expectations when I first, when I first started trading, when I look back in hindsight, I do think that I was thinking like get rich quick, even though at the time I wouldn't have called it that. If someone asked me if I thought trading was get rich quick, I would have said no. But when I look at how I acted and, and, and hindsight, my expectations, I think that is what they were. 

So, so yeah. And then once you, you know, once you blow a handful of accounts, those expectations kind of come into line pretty quickly. So yeah. 

And then from there, it's just once you actually grasp, once I grasped what was actually going on and what I needed to do, then I was able to focus on the process. But yeah, even that for me was a learning curve of just having zero exposure and just jumping into something. So. 

Okay. And did you ever feel throughout this process that you were discouraged? How did you push through there? Yeah. Yeah, most definitely. 

Like Chris, I've, I've had some bonehead mistakes where, you know, I've blown handful of accounts. I've also done it just by over-trading, just taking losses and want to make it back and taking trade after trade, after trade, after trade until the account's gone. So, so yeah, the highs for me could be intense and the lows also could be an intense. 

So as, as I continue to work on myself and as I also continue to gain more knowledge and as that kind of knowledge and conscientiousness kind of grow together and experience, I'm hoping my highs come down and my lows come up and, you know, everything kind of levels off. But yeah, when, when you're discouraged, I mean, my only role when I started this endeavor was to not quit. So yeah, you, you lick your wounds and then, and then you get back to it. 

Gotcha. And what is, tell us a little about your process now, like for renewing or reviewing your, your bots. Like, do you have a process defined for that? Yeah, absolutely. 

I actually think I told someone in the community not too long ago, like if someone would just come in and leave their own biases and thoughts out of it and just do what Matt and Tracy say, they'd probably be pretty successful pretty quick. I don't know. I don't know if that's possible, you know, from the human nature perception, but perspective, but, but yeah, so we have our, our minimums that you guys suggest, you know, our percent profitability, our to profit factor, four times a drawdown, I'm looking out for wild card trades and things like that. 

So once I'm running something and then I look back at that process, I do that each week, I'll review the bot and I'll run a back test each week for the most recent 12 weeks. And so long as I'm still exceeding those minimums and the rules of thumb that you guys gave us, I don't touch it and I leave it alone. And I'm, I may be even more guilty of like, if it's close, I'll still probably leave it alone.

Like I, I almost kind of like I, what I used to do was I used to just let it run for the month. I didn't, you know, I would do the parallel testing each week, but I never did that weekly back test of the most recent 12 weeks. So that is something that, that I started doing and that's how I do that. 

I just, each week I'll run the back test for the most recent 12 weeks. If it's still exceeding the minimums, I won't touch it. Gotcha. 

So you do that like on the weekends then? Yeah. Yep. On the weekends. 

If I, if I ended up with a strategy where I have like one specific bot on Monday, one specific bot on Tuesday, one specific bot on Wednesday, then I'll just, I could maybe do it after that day of the week is done, but yeah, nine times out of 10, I just do it on the weekend. It takes, you know, less than an hour to do and easy peasy. Gotcha. 

And what role did the community or like mentorships play in your overall consistency? Man, that's a great question. A really big role. I didn't, like, I don't think I could do this stuff on my own, you know? And so having the mentorships where we have coaches like you and Trace too, where it's glaringly obvious that you guys actually care if we succeed or not. 

And then on the flip side of that, I want to succeed. I don't want to let my coach down, you know? So that helps me follow these processes and, and be consistent. And then the same thing with the community. 

Like I, you know, I, I feel like I'm a friend amongst friends, you know, I, I want to succeed so that I can be a trader among traders. You know, I want to succeed so that I can walk along Chris and Josh and Cindy and Janet and Nick, you know? So the, the community is, it plays a big role in my, in my consistency. Sure. 

Awesome. Love to hear that. And what keeps you motivated on tough days? That's, yeah, that's another really good question.

So I don't think I stay motivated on tough days. I don't think it's probable to be inspired at all times. And, and that's okay. 

You know, I don't have to, I don't have to feel good or feel great every single day. Like some days I'm experiencing motivation where sticking to my goals is really easy. And then other days I feel like I'm showing up and moving dirt and carrying water, you know? And that just, it just is how it is. 

You know, if you want to stick to something, it's every day is not going to be full of pink clouds of motivation. So, so yeah, but, but to make those days as easy as possible again, the community does help a lot with that. You know, I have an accountability partner. 

I can share my goofball mistakes in our chat with the group and stuff. And it's a, it's a nice place to, to be vulnerable and kind of make those down days less down, you know, cause someone's had a worst day and you know, and someone's done the same thing and everyone's really happy to share it. So got it. 

And is there any advice you would give to like someone just starting out brand new? Oh man. Yeah. Yeah. 

Just take your time. I I'm, I'm not the most patient person. And I've you know, it could probably be a bit further along if, if I had been a little more patient in the beginning.

But yeah, if you, if I do think that there's a, there's a lot of hurdles, right? Like it's more than just the bots. If, especially if you come in from nothing, you have to learn how to get around Mighty. You have to learn how to get around Ninja Trader 8. If you're using funded accounts, you have to, to learn those and then you can get into the bot, you know? So it's like it, it is quite an order. 

And I think that people know that they just don't believe it. You know, that they know what they're getting into. They just don't understand what they're getting into. 

So, yeah. So I would just say, be patient and be diligent with getting your systems and stuff like that set up. But yeah, patience is the big one. 

It's interesting. You said you would be a little further along if you're a little more patient, meaning it would have been a little faster if you were a slower, right? That's interesting. A lot of people, they kind of think I'm going to double my risk to get there faster. 

And then that ultimately makes the whole thing slower. It's kind of the opposite of what you would think, right? Cause like, as you know, if you get close to getting an account funded and you double your risk and you blow it up and you got to go back and start all over, like, like go back to the end of the line and start all over again. And that's why like the moderate risk of using 10% of your drawdown is kind of the recommended way to do it.

Now you might get lucky, but that's, you know, 10 times out of, you know, nine times out of 10, you're going to blow up an account having an aggressive risk versus, you know, using a moderate risk to get an account funded. So it's interesting you said that. Cool. 

Well, thank you so much for for sharing and being vulnerable, sharing some of your kind of what you've learned along the way. So thanks so much. Yeah. 

Thanks so much. Appreciate it. So we're going to wrap up real quick folks. 

And what I want to do is just share that Spark member is not just a Q.com, it's a roadmap. So I'm going to just share these real quick one more time. Spark, show up, proactively ask, align your calendar, regulate your expectations and keep consistent.

So question would be, have I asked for help when I needed it? Again, reach out. We'll show you a few things how you can do that in a sec. Have I used the resources available to me and have I been consistent in following my plan? So here's some things you can expect from us, of course, live and recorded trainings, community support, and we do have some one-on-one check-ins. 

We're trying to do better about that, especially since we find out people don't have NinjaTrader installed or Apex accounts set up and leave and kind of went unchecked. That's on us. The tools and technology built to support consistency. 

Trader psychology classes are four or X a month on Wednesday evenings. Wednesday evenings if you're in the U.S. time frame. Otherwise, it's probably Thursday mornings if you're in the European time. 

And then, of course, we can help point you in the right direction. You got to take action. So here's some next steps. 

Revisit your calendar and schedule some consistency. I actually like to block off time on my calendar on Sunday afternoons to run some back tests. That's what I like to do. 

Commit to showing up to next week's class. We do these same time every Monday if you want to kind of take action and ask a question in community this week or book a support call if you're feeling stuck. So what I'm going to do real quick is pause this and I'm going to show you real quick one thing here. 

And in our, let's see, share my screen here. If you guys were to go into my, let's see. You're not sharing it. 

There we go. Well, so I can only edit. But if you go into my profile, if you click on my name, there's a book a call with me link.

If you're one of my students, there's a link to book a call with me. Tracy has the same. So if you were to go up here, oops, do you want to leave without yes, leave. 

If you go up here and find, type my name, search for me and then click on view profile, you'll see that link to book a call with me. So that's kind of what we have. Do you guys have any following questions for us? You can demonstrate it by finding me. 

Oh, let's do that with Tracy. Let's do this. You guys should be able to see my screen still. 

No, you stopped to share. Let's try this again. There we go. 

So, oops, try again. Tracy, we're going to click and you'll see right here, link. Look at that too. 

You can right-click and just go to book a call. So I can book that. Now, for those of you, we're talking about being active. 

This is the streak. So Tracy has 76 days streak. I mean, she's been active every single day. 

And you guys who, if you want to look at your own streak, you can look at your own profile as well. And they just started doing that. Yeah. 

So there's nothing before that yet. So yeah. Yeah. 

And you can actually click on anybody in the community. Yeah. So if you look at just that, if you just close that window right there and just directly here. 

So it says Matt DeLong or Thomas Lee, you can click right on their name and then go view profile. So you can go directly that way. Yep. 

And by the way, Tracy, mine shows mine's weird because it shows I have all the days, but it says I have like a four day. Yeah. So I did all of them, but it shows six days of the same days, but it says six days, but I didn't skip a day, which is weird.

Seeing like, I don't, I didn't skip any days. I'll have to reach out to somebody and yeah. So anyways. 

Yep. So any other questions? Let us know. Otherwise we'll wrap up.

If you do skip a day, do you lose your diamond or your rocket or whatever? Yep. Oh, that's so sad. Yeah. 

I lost it. Yeah. Again, special thanks to Shane and Chris for sharing and being open and vulnerable. 

Yeah. I do have a question. I wanted to, I ran a back test on the MGC on the April 25 contract and that looked really good in previous months, but I think I've had it on for the last two weeks and it has, it hasn't triggered on the mega orb at all. 

And I've seen that. Are you using April contract still? That was the only one that was available when I last checked. Yeah. 

You're in the wrong contract. So you need to change it over to May. So if you go to go to tools and then just let me start this up. 

Cause I got to find out where it is and tools. I wondered about that as well. I just didn't see an updated contract as an option. 

Yeah. Go to tools, database management, and then click rollover. It should be there. 

And if it doesn't just you said it's MCL or MGC. MGC. MGC. 

I think that's it should be.