What we're gonna talk about today is, we've been talking about how do we help people who haven't necessarily gotten account funded or are brand new to bot trading, or maybe someone who's kind of been a part of the community but hasn't really done much. How do we help them? And an idea that came up, we wanna kind of kick it around with you guys, is this idea of recommended settings or recommended settings. So if you're looking at my screen, you'll see this is from like June through July.

And you're like, man, that's pretty cool. That's like two months. But if you look very, very closely, what you'll see is 2024 through 2025.

And this is actually more than two months. This actually spans actually 13 months. So right, so 13 months.

So it goes back quite a bit, right? So if I was to look at something like the analysis and look at something over time, the thing you always wanna look at is like the bottom left, the top right, right? And what people kind of get so upset and frustrated is this little lull in the middle, like maybe it didn't work during this little period, and they get frustrated and they kind of move on to something else. And the thing that I just wanna, Tracy and I are working on this, it's gonna take some time to get through them all. But I started working on the volume, but I wanna kind of walk you guys through a few things that I noticed.

One is, obviously in this exact case, we have 57% profitable, right? Not bad. And then we have four maximum consecutive losers. Now, why is that number significant? Well, four losers in a row, if you're using like small risk, right? In this case, we have some criteria that we're using for the back test itself.

And I'm using $100 of risk just for like small accounts, right? If you look at the trades themselves, they're usually one to five, six contracts, pretty small, you know, pretty small contracts overall, usually one to two, right? And you get an occasional six kind of coming through here. But what I wanted to kind of point out here is this idea that people have said, oh, I can't find anything that meets my criteria. And, you know, and maybe it works for a certain period of time and it stops working.

I'm like, well, go back farther, go back. And again, this is 13 months, right? So this goes back 13 months. And if you look out to the right, you'll notice I'm not using a big risk.

I'm only using $100 of risk, right? And so if we're looking at the summary here, you'll see I'm only running this two days a week, right? Two days a week. So it took 204 trades. I'm risking $100 and it made $5,400.

So that's basically 54R over the course of, of what? Over the course of like 13 months, right? Now, obviously you can adjust the risk and go up and down, but we're trying to find things that work with small accounts as things that work with bigger accounts. Now, as you guys know, we do recommend the 50K account with evaluation accounts for $250 of risk. So that would be a 50K account from Apex with $250 of risk per trade.

And that will give you kind of the maximum drawdown you're allowed, which is basically $2,500 of drawdown is the maximum you're allowed to lose. And we'll have like a, you know, maximum drawdown is 2.5K. Your maximum, or the goal, call it the goal, is plus 3K, right? So if you think about it, you're allowed to lose 10 trades, but you have to make positive, what is that, positive 12 trades to get funded. So that's the goal, right? And even with a small risk here, we're using super tiny risk.

Obviously you could have gotten an account funded numerous times if you were to increase the risk. You guys see that? So I just wanted to kind of show that I'm going to run it really quick one more time with $250 of risk. And I'm just using pretty much kind of across the board settings.

So you'll see here, this is $11,000. Again, the goal, oops, I didn't mean to delete it. There we go.

The goal was for $3,000, a $3,000 goal with $250 of risk. And in this case, we're not allowed to lose 2,500. Do you guys agree that we have met the goal of $3,000 of profit without losing 2,500? Do you, Andy, do you agree we met the goal? Or maybe surpassed it numerous times? I concur.

Yeah, you concur, okay. So this is kind of a cool way of thinking about it is if you go back like a whole year, and in my case, I did this real quick, but I accidentally did 13 months, but even better, right? 13 months. And this is, we're talking about the VolumeBot.

Have you guys used the VolumeBot before? Are you familiar with that, Andy? I haven't messed with it much. I've been focusing on the MegaOrb and MegaSnap. Okay, got it, got it.

So the MegaOrb and MegaSnap are the newer ones, of course, for this year. The VolumeBot looks for things like this, which is like a volume spike. It's looking for, it's saying, okay, let's look at the average volume, and we're gonna look for like 3X volume spike.

And whatever candle that associates with, let's say it's this, we're gonna have some variables out here on the right. And we're gonna say we're gonna wait 19 candles. We're gonna average, go back 15 candles.

So this would be our A variable. This would be our B. So this is B, B meaning we're gonna look back 15 candles to calculate our average. So how many candles backwards do we wanna use for average? And then we want a spike, whatever the average is, times three, right? So that would be our kind of our C variable.

And then we're gonna take this candle and we're gonna wait 19, in this case, 19. 19 candles are however many we specified. And we are going to kind of apply either the orb here, the orb or the snapback.

So we're gonna apply either strategy. So it's kind of a cool way to kind of think about things like you guys have seen the volume kind of pick up in the last couple of days because of the interest rates and kind of what happened last week, Wednesday, right? At 2 p.m. they're talking about interest rates and all the things happening with the economy. Are we slowing down? Are we speeding up all the things, right? Related to the US, the Fed, so central banks for the US.

So it's pretty interesting. So this idea came to me once. I'm like, you know, I don't really know when those things will occur, but it's pretty cool if you like look at this and then decide how many candles you wait after that happens and apply the orb, which way it breaks, you know, long or short, and then, you know, set up a trade based on that.

So I got tired of doing that manually. So here we are, VolumeBot, that's how that works. So it's a pretty cool little tool.

I have not used this one as much recently, but I'm getting back into this because I forgot how much I love this one. So, but yeah, that's the VolumeBot. And what we're gonna try to do, it's gonna take a couple of weeks to build is like recommended settings.

So it's really hard. People have told us, hey, you should have all the default settings automatically work. But as you guys know, everyone's in different time zones.

So that's almost impossible to have, you know, time zones relative to every single person because everyone's in different time zones, right? And then everyone has different size accounts. So the risk would be all different. It's almost impossible to have that, you know, perfect world, yeah, of course, that'd be lovely if I had my magic wand to wave, but that'd be awesome.

But it's not practical to do that. But yeah, that's what we're gonna try to work on is each bot has maybe a small risk and large risk. You can adjust accordingly.

And that's a little bit different than the optimized settings that we were running, where it was kind of a group effort, where these will be just kind of from our internal team. So this will be the, primarily Tracy and I will be building our kind of, our recommended settings for the different bots. And going back a year plus, so you guys can have, you know, adequate number of trades.

As you guys can imagine, at least in this case, 204 trades is a pretty decent sample size, right? Especially if we're only looking at two trades a week, right? So that's roughly eight to 10 per month, given give or take however many weeks there are in that month, right? So 204, 57% probable, 57% profitable. So, and then I like the only four consecutive losers. So that's a good number.

Now, the significance of that four means I only have to wait for four in a row before I decide if this is gonna, do I wanna continue or do I not wanna continue? And I was talking to a friend of mine the other day about probabilities. I don't know if you guys have ever thought about this. The difference between probabilities and possibilities.

So if you were to flip a coin, heads, tails, if you do it 10 times, it's probable, it's possible, I should say, that you can get 10 heads, 10 tails, 10, it's probable. It's not really likely, right? That you're gonna do that. But sometimes if you get five heads, five tails, kind of like an even mix, sometimes you'll get seven and three, sometimes you'll get six and four, and maybe that's six wins and four losses, right? Or seven wins and three losses.

But sometimes, sometimes those four losses come first and then the six wins come later. And if you can't stick with it and kind of hold through the kind of the downturn, this is the thing I always look at. What is the maximum, like what's my max pain that I need to be willing to accept? And this right here tells me ahead of time.

And I've seen people who have five, six maximum losers and they're two in and they just can't take the heat. Two, you're supposed to have six maximum consecutive losers and they're only two in. I'm like, you have more pain to take before you to give up on the setup, right? So funny story, I had a class last week and one of the guys said he had six.

The back test showed six and he immediately got six. He's like, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna test Matt, test him at his word. He's like, I let it run even though I had six, it kind of stung, kind of painful, kind of depressing, whatever.

He said, then I had the very next or eight winners the very next. So he obviously pulled out of the losing streak and actually became profitable and got an account funded. So I'm trying to give you guys some ideas to kind of stick with it.

Obviously we love trades that only win. I'd love to figure that out, crack the magic eight ball on how to make that work. Just, I only wanna take winning trades, Matt, that's it.

Don't give me any losing trades. I love to figure that out. Andy, you and I can put our engineering brains together to figure that out.

But it doesn't work that way, unfortunately. So questions about that? No. Yes, absolutely.

Oh, go ahead, go ahead. No, no, I was only gonna say regarding those, the winners and losers and how you set that up. So when you have maximum consecutive winners, eight, does that mean that if you're winning and you're on a winning streak, then it stops the ninth? Like once you win eight in a row, it just stops? No, no, it just, it tells you an idea.

No, no, so it just means eight in a row. Eight in a row and then you probably have a loser is what it's telling you. Then you have a losing trade is what it's saying.

It's gonna keep trading though. Yeah, it'll keep trading, absolutely. No, it's not, yeah.

Yeah, so if you were to look at the trades here, you'll see somewhere in here, you'll see four red in a row. Oh, right there, right there. Here's four in a row, right here.

Four losing trades in a row. So you hit the stop loss, stop loss, stop loss, stop loss. So that's the four in a row.

That doesn't mean that there might not be multiple sets of four, but four is the maximum that it pulled out. Yeah, and so here's another example is you'll see that had one, then a winner, and then three losers, right? That's still technically is not four in a row. That's technically three in a row, right? But sometimes you'll have multiple fours, which is fine, right? The thing that you have to really be mindful of is like what the bot did relative to what your, like the back test.

So let's say that I run this just for all of August, right? And let's say this upcoming weekend, today's only Monday, but let's say this upcoming weekend, I'm gonna run this live all week. And let's say that on this weekend, I'm gonna see how well the back test performed over this current week, right? And I'm gonna compare that to how the bot actually performed. So I'm gonna do what's called a parallel test.

I'm gonna compare how well the bot performed actual trades versus the back test over the current week. Now I can't run that obviously because the current week's not over and I don't have the data for what happened this week, right? But I can compare to see how well it performed. And sometimes, sometimes there's a connectivity issue or if you're running this on your laptop and maybe you forgot to turn it on or maybe you're running on your laptop and your battery's dead or whatever, it didn't make a connection.

You have to be mindful of, is it four, is it your four? Like what you've experienced might be four, but the back test may not be four. Remember this, because you may have missed the winning day, right? So you may have had like three losing trades, then a winning day, and then maybe two more losing trades, but you missed the winning day because your laptop was dead or, you know. Got it.

Does that make sense? So that's where like on the weekends, we'll look at how well, and that's why I call it a parallel test is like the difference between what happened live, the actual live trades the bot took and then what happened in the back test. Over the same exact week, we'll look at, compare it, make sure they took the same trades. Because what I don't want to see is I don't want to back test that had like eight winners and my live had eight losers.

I don't want to see that because something is very wrong if that's the case. Maybe I'm running it on two different timeframes, maybe I'm running on two different assets, maybe I'm running totally different settings. Something is wrong if that's the case, but obviously you'd want to catch that.

You don't want to just let that run unsupervised for a while or it'll destroy your account and you get a reset at the end of your billing cycle. So regarding that, if you don't mind, when do you actually recommend changes? Do you recommend that you run the whole week with the current settings and then review it on the weekends and say, okay, this worked, this didn't work and then readjust then? Or are you trying to readjust per day or per every couple of days? No, so I let it run for a whole month. That's what I do.

No, I do run it in a brand new account. So if I have a new setup, I'm going to let it run. Again, this is what I'm looking for.

If this comes, you know, if I'm looking at five or six losers in a row, then that's my, you know, my flashing light saying, oh, we're off plan, right? We're not doing what we thought we were going to do, which is fine. Sometimes that does happen. So that's kind of what I do, but I don't, I do know people who optimize or re-optimize every day.

That's way too much work. I just, I do it every month, let it run. Because as you can see, I mean, you can see here, like during certain points where, you know, there's just kind of go sideways for a couple of weeks or has a little bit of a drawdown and then it pulls out of it.

So, you know, what would happen if you change all the settings right here? And then, you know, who knows what would happen, but I'm a big fan of letting it run until it hits your max drawdown or your max losses in a row. That's kind of my personal rule of thumb. It makes it simple, you know, ahead of time, like what to expect, you know, so.

Okay, so question on that. Yep. So you're kind of eyeballing how your progress is going, but you're not tempted to make any changes unless you see something that's completely off or does something doesn't look right, right? In other words, you set it up, you do what you have to do, and then you're just eyeballing it.

You're just kind of just checking it. Right, so on my VPS, I can look at it like on my phone or I can look at it to see how well it's done at the end of the day if I need to. Usually I'll go a couple of days without looking at it, but yeah.

Yeah, so once you see something that may be a little bit off, like, oh, that doesn't look right, why do I have this? Or why do I have that? Then that's when you kind of go back and then you readjust then, but not just because the market is down or the market is up. Well, you don't make changes like that. Right, as you know, like a losing trade is just part of this business, unfortunately.

So just a lot of people think because of the boss taking a losing trade, therefore something's wrong. And I feel like that's one of the biggest things you gotta break people out of that. They just have this, I don't know, like tractor beam.

They just automatically think that, and that's not the case. Sometimes you're doing everything right and it just, it loses. That's okay, that's part of it.

But this tells you what to expect right here. Assuming you have enough trades, if you're doing like two trades a week and you run it for a week, you're not gonna have a big enough sample size. You're gonna have two trades here or five trades or, you know, cause I am doing three per day here, three per day max, right? So you might have more than two, but assuming you have a big enough sample size, I think 204 is plenty of trades as a sample size.

In my case, I'm looking at 13 months of data. So it's a healthy smathering of all different types of market events, market conditions, interest rates, two different presidential terms during 13 months. So all kinds of things happened in the last 13 months.

So, yeah. What other questions do you guys have for me? Otherwise, we're gonna try to roll some of this out, the recommended settings soon. We're gonna try to get a few.

I'll probably just share some of what I've done so far with the volume bot first, get some feedback from you guys on that. But yeah, I'm excited. Typically what we've done in the past is we'll share like the settings we're using and it's kind of like a bad luck thing where like I'll share what I'm using and then it stops working.

I'm like, dang it, I shouldn't have shared that. Google's working great for months. Then I share it and it stops working, dang it.

So these will be recommended settings that have like, you know, big sample size over at least 12 months. So, yep. And these take a while to run.

So, yeah. Are you doing it by tick for that long or by minute? Again? Are you doing it by tick or by minute? No, so you can't go, tick date is not available when you go back that long. I think tick data goes back three to six months, but it's not available when you go back a year.

Yeah, unfortunately. So it's, I mean, it's like the next best thing, I guess. So, but yeah.

Well, the questions you guys have, I'm excited to kind of roll some of this out and help some folks. Cause we have people who get payouts, people who get accounts funded all the time. And like, I don't understand why people don't get accounts funded.

And there's some people like, I don't understand how people get accounts funded. You know, we have like all these polar opposites. So question on that, if you don't mind, Matt.

Regarding those discrepancies of how some people are able to, I guess, get accounts funded more often or more frequently versus people that are having a harder time with that. So is there any type of computer or desktop or laptop settings or minimums or is, in other words, is your actual equipment part of the problem or it shouldn't work regardless of what kind of system you're running this on or? It will work regardless. It'll just be a little slower when you run a back test.

That's the difference. So like the machine we're on right now is my laptop and I can find the link, but I actually added. Sorry? But have you ever noticed a difference between? No, I haven't.

No, like there's some people who are very successful who have like minimums, you know, like 24 gigs or AM. I have 96 myself, but there's no, I haven't found any correlations if that's what you're asking. Like the most successful have the faster computers.

I haven't really noticed that. But obviously, if you have like a 10-year-old computer, that's gonna add some sluggishness to it. But most people use VPS, so.

I guess the question goes with that. So let's say you have an older system, right? Yeah. And so it's gonna be slower.

So does that mean it takes longer to take those trades? No, no, it's just for the back test. No, it's for back test only. So for example, like if to run 204 back test for me might take two minutes, for you on a slow system might take 20 minutes.

But it's really for the back test. The live trades aren't really, it's negligible. You're not gonna notice a difference for live trading.

It's negligible. I think that's where my point was. In other words, is your system gonna affect when you go live? Is that gonna be affected because your equipment isn't fast enough? The reason I say that is because on my VPS, I have the bare minimum.

On my VPS, you ready? Solomon, you ready? Two gigs, that's it. That's crazy. I got like bare bones, that's it.

And it works fine. But I don't run back test there because it's so dang slow, but it works fine. So.

Okay, so if you don't mind, another question. So you were stating that you have a group that gets funded a little bit more frequently than others. Let's put it that way.

Yeah. Have you found a correlation? Have you found the key components that is making that happen? Is it they just take more time to set up? Is it the way they set it up? Is it because they're more patient or what seems to be the key factor that makes a group more successful than the other group? I feel like there's a lot of answers. There's no like one ingredient, right? There's no like one thing.

Solomon, you can chime in if you want because Solomon here has been funded. I would say that a lot of it has to do with how well you can follow your plan. And if, I would almost explain it as like your relationship to money.

You know, so for example, if you have some losing trades, like let's just say four in a row, does that just frustrate you to the hilt and you just wanna blow everything up and start all over or are you gonna follow the plan? Now, the reason I say that is because I was reading a book, it's called Thinking in Bets and it's a psychologist. And she says the negative emotion that people feel for a losing, she's talking about poker, but a losing poker hand or a losing trade is twice as powerful as one winning hand or one winning trade, which means that you have to have two winning trades or two winning hands to offset one losing trade or one losing hand of poker, which is pretty interesting if you think about that, right? Because if you have the like 50-50 odds, a lot of people can't handle that kind of emotion where they're still gonna be slanted a little bit negatively because of the negative emotion from losing and the positive emotion from winning. Doesn't quite offset that, does that make sense? So to me, it's how well you can follow the plan.

There's some small element of luck, I would say, because of game theory. Game theory is basically how well the trades work given everyone else in the market participating at the exact same moment you are, right? So like whatever the trade and setup and strategies you're using, obviously everyone else in the market has some participation in that, right? So, yeah. Okay, so it sounds more to me that it's the setup.

Yes, the emotional part, the psychological part may have a part in all of that, but it really all comes down to setting up. It's like, I don't know when you're, like the Super Bowl, right? You plan all year for the one game and then you go in there and then you start messing up the plan. But it sounds like if you have a plan, you set it up and the whole strategy really is to stick to that one plan.

And that'll probably get you better results than if you're constantly changing the variables. So as soon as you start changing those variables, then your whole plan starts to fall apart. Yeah.

Yeah, no, you're right. There's like, we can put a winning setup in the hands of someone who is very emotional and it'll turn into losing. Or we can take kind of a mediocre setup, put it in the hands of somebody who's very stable emotionally and they can turn it into consistent payouts.

It all has to do with, the boss can do a lot of the work for you, but there's still the human element to turn it on and turn it off. And like still, the humans have the ability to sabotage it all still, if that makes sense. Yeah, it does.

So if you don't mind, one more question on that. Do you have any videos that relate to the whole setup? Like, hey, listen, this is how you set up a winning strategy. In other words, I know that there's different strategies, but what I'm saying, those people that group that you're saying that you have a group that is more consistent in those winning to get funded.

So obviously they're following some kind of strategy. They're setting up in a particular way. And they're probably, if you have five, let's say there's five in that group, but once you study them, they all use different strategies.

But at the end of the day, they must have something in common that makes them winning strategies. Do you have anything like that? Where somebody new that's gonna come in and say, hey, listen, you know what? I have no idea what I'm doing here, but what are the key factors here? To set up a winning strategy versus me trying to figure out all these different ways of trying to do it when somebody's already figured out, let's say two, three different ways of setting up. In other words, the key factors of a winning hand, let's just call it.

So we've done a video or two on it. When you say a winning strategy, just to clarify, when you run it, you don't really know if the day is gonna be winning or losing. Obviously, you don't really know that ahead of time.

But as far as being consistent and following the plan, that's where a lot of people really kind of shine is they're able to follow the plan and just be like a robot. And they just, no matter what happens, they're gonna follow the plan, right? Let me just chime in for a sec. There's this group, the bot optimization team, where a lot of people submit their back tests.

The rule is you gotta submit a back test to stay in the group. Yeah, once a month, yeah. And I love that group because I study what other people are doing.

I download their back test, I check it out. And it helps me see what the correlations are. And honestly, it helps me to understand what other successful people here are doing as well.

So that really helped me out a lot. I don't know if you're part of that or... Yeah, I think it's a really good group. Okay.

And I can find you on... I'm not. Okay, yeah, it's right here. It's called the bot optimization team.

I will... There's a new process to... Yeah, I'll get you an invite to it. So, yep. Cool.

Yeah, so there's no like magic, click this button and get funded. There's, you're risking 10% of your drawdown. So you're taking at least 10 trades to get funded.

Obviously, 12, sometimes more. And ideally, the market has to cooperate with the... The current market conditions have to be very similar to the same market conditions during the pandemic. And that's why you're in the back test, right? That means kind of the future behavior is gonna look a lot like the past kind of thing, right? So that's, I mean, that's kind of what you're banking on.

Obviously, if they're radically different than no matter what back tests you're running, it's gonna probably not play out as expected. So, yeah. Okay.

So we have some great questions. Sorry. Sorry.

So this gentleman that said he belongs to that group, the bot optimizer. Yeah. So is that a common factor for these people that are being successfully funded? Is that a factor where, let's say, I'm just giving you a number, it could be different.

Let's say five successful members that are constantly getting funded. Is there a common factor that they belong to that group as an example? I don't think so, honestly. I think that group is for people who want to share, you know, like, you know, different back tests and learn from each other.

If I'm being honest, I think the 80% of it is you finding a test and sticking to it. That's it. That's the 80%.

The other 20% is like the bells and the whistles and this and that. I think the 80% is you find a good back test you like and you stick to it, like, you stick to it. I stick to it for a month.

Sometimes it goes so haywire in the middle and I'm like, no, Solomon, you said you're gonna stick to this to a month. Guess what happens? It shoots right back up. So, I mean, you know, like, not everybody has the gut to ride the ups and downs, but I promised myself, you know, Solomon, I'm running this back test, this live for a month, you'll stick to it and with a reasonable risk.

So, essentially, the market would really have to go sideways to blow up the account. I do half risk, basically. Yep.

Yep. And you, Solomon, you had, what was it? Six or eight losing trades in a row and you were tempted to like jump ship and- I was so tempted. Six in a row.

Six in a row, yeah. I was on a 300K account. It was not fun for me.

Yeah. It was not fun, man. But it turned into being profitable, right? Yeah, yeah.

So, yeah. Consistency, unfortunately, is- That's probably 80% of it, yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yep. It's kind of like workouts, like diets, like probably everything else, I imagine.

Yeah. Yeah. Consistency is the key.

Yep. It sounds boring, but it's true. Everyone's exciting.

Like what magic button can I click, you know? What's the shortcut? But it's a good question, Florentio. I don't know that I've seen any, we haven't really been able to figure out any correlation besides just being disciplined and consistent. We haven't really found anything besides those items, you know? So like people are running all different kinds of bots and all different kinds of accounts from all different funded account providers or it's all over the place.

I mean, it's a wild, all over the place, you know? So, yep. Okay. Yeah.

So it could be people that are in the group or not in the group. It could be people that are just doing their own thing. They're just solo flying, you know, doing whatever they feel is good for them.

Yep. I mean, I talked to a guy today. I never see him in any of the groups and he was telling me how many accounts he's got funded and how much his payouts are.

And I never see him in any of the groups ever. He's always quiet. He'll reach out to me every once in a while when he has a question, but yeah.

I mean, there's all different types of participation. So, yeah. Okay.

Cool. Any other questions for me? Was that helpful? I'm excited to see if the longer timeframe yields anything in the suggested settings. That seems kind of cool.

I know I've, last year, or earlier this year, I tried to run my own back tests with the NR7 and the 10 EMA and longer timeframe, shorter timeframes went back in history. And I could not find any sort of edge to go look at the back test to go figure out which one would have a better probability of starting or winning throughout the month, right? So, I think that's where I'm lacking is I can come up with a test that looks good to me, works for the ground rules. Drawdown is great.

Everything is good. Do the forward test is great. And the month is just down.

It's like, ah, what happened there? So, now, but besides all that, I'm learning, taking it really reduced my risk. That helped, right? So now I do have one funded account, no payout yet. Another one that I'm trying to get funded that's up, but it's really, I really reduced the amount of risk I'm taking to stay in the game longer.

But I still think I'm missing that edge to be able to go look at a back test, see the consistency and have a better chance or probability. And that's where your game theory comes in. I think that's where I'm lacking.

I need to be that person that's able to look, spend five minutes, pick one and go, here it is and it works, right? Sure, yeah. Gotcha. Well, there's no like magical, pick these criteria always there's just, it's all self probability.

So, yeah. Cool. One thing that really helped me, if you check the back test and the equity curve, Tracy really pointed this one out to me.

If you see any like outliers or just very strange, like spikes, like look into that back test, like it may look good on all levels, like draw down, profit factor. But if you look into the equity curve and it looks like there's a huge spike, you wanna look into that because those anomalies, it's like you want a consistent equity curve, right? That's what you're looking for. So, yeah, that's a pro tip.

You know, that really helped me out. Yeah. Cool.

All right, you guys, that's what I have for you. We'll do a, if you guys wanna bring some back tests, Andy, Florencia, anyone, bring some back tests on Thursday. I will be happy to look at them.

The event calendar has the link. If you guys wanna join same time, 7 p.m. Central, 8 p.m. Eastern. And we'll reconvene on Thursday.

Thanks guys. Thanks man. See you man.