All right, so I have asked Dr. Joe, Dr. Joseph Moore here, to answer some questions. He is one of quite a few people who've not only got funded, but also have received several payouts. And I just want to go over some questions. 

Maybe this will be helpful for those of you listening. See if this is, maybe he might say something that would kind of spur something in you. But let's go ahead and start by, thank you, Dr. Joe, for agreeing to answer some questions. 

Let's start by just telling us a little bit about you. Where do you live? What do you do for a living? Yeah, yes, sir. Thanks for having me. 

I was born and raised in the Appalachian Mountains of Southwest Virginia. Joined the military, the Marine Corps, right after high school. And then joined the, got out, couldn't find a job, went back into the military, joined the Army, and went to school to become a therapist. 

So I've been doing that for about 23 years or so. And then got into the civil service, which is what I do now. I help write healthcare policy and try to make sure to be good stewards of our healthcare system and the United States and help serve the American public. 

Is that with the VA? Is that right or no? No. Health and Human Services. Okay. 

So HHS. Got it. Got it. 

Okay, cool. And you live in? I live just outside of DC in Virginia. Gotcha. 

Gotcha. Awesome. So you, I know you and I have talked many times over the last, I don't know, probably a couple of years. 

Yes, sir. And we knew each other from a previous company that I used to work with. We have lots of interesting stories, but tell me a little bit about your, like you have multiple PA accounts and tell us a little bit about that. 

Like how many, what size, how long did that take to get, you know, to get funded first? And then we'll talk about payouts in a minute, but tell us about that. Yeah. Well, when I was trying it on my own, it took me forever to get funded. 

It took me like several months and I would get an account funded, lose it, get another account funded, lose it. And that went on for several months, maybe over a year before I joined with push-button trading and started trading with the bots. Once I started trading with the bots, it took me only just a couple of months of when I consistently, when I started to become consistent and focus on what I was doing, it only took me a couple of months to get funded. 

Okay. No more than two months. And you started like, when did you first get your first eval account? Was that in February, March? When was that? It was earlier this year, right? Yeah, it was probably around, yeah, probably around February, March timeframe, I would say. 

Okay. Because I remember you started, the very first exposure you had was in like late January, I believe. So yeah. 

Awesome. And so you have several PA accounts. What does that look like now? What are those? Yeah, well, I had four and now I have two. 

Okay. And I have five evaluation accounts. The two that I lost was based on human error and partly just learning to trade with the robots.

So a lot of learning, learning curves going on there. Sure. But the ones that I do have still, I've had those for probably three or four months. 

I've been able to maintain those. Okay. Gotcha. 

And those are what, the 50Ks or something around that, right? Yeah, 150K and 125K. And the five eval accounts are 50K. Gotcha. 

I decided just to focus on that, the 50K account. Yeah, that's my favorite sizes, you know. Gotcha. 

And so how many attempts would you say it took to get funded once you started using the bots? Separate from your manual attempts, how many attempts did it take to first get funded? We'll talk about the payouts again in a sec, but... It probably took me, I would say three or four attempts trying different bots. Okay. Trying different strategies before I learned about optimization. 

Sure. And I just went hard and heavy into the optimization and stuck with the one bot, which we can talk about later. But once I started focusing on that, and then that's when the consistency came. 

Right. And what is that? Do you have a favorite bot strategy that you use? Yeah, the mega snapback is the one I use. Okay. 

And you use that across all the accounts then? Yes. Gotcha. Awesome. 

So we'll find out what's working. It's the golden goose. So what's a process look like for you when you're choosing what settings to run? Obviously, maybe you're running optimization. 

What does that process look like? What decides to bubble up to the top and get your attention? Yeah. Well, my process is basically, like I mentioned, trying to get all 50,000 50K accounts. So that'll help reduce one variable instead of what I was doing before is focusing on, I had a few $25,000 accounts, a few $50,000 accounts. 

So trying to simplify those accounts has helped me personally. Sure. But even though I'm still down to one 25K account, I can still manage that individually while I use the copy trader on the other 50K account. 

So I can keep the risk the same on that. So on the 50K accounts. Right. 

And you just use half risk then for the 25K or you use a different process? No, I use a lower risk. Now there was a class in, I think Tracy might've taught this class where she talked about the different risk levels once you get funded for different size accounts. So I applied that to the 25K and the 50K accounts.

So there's different risk levels for the PA accounts versus the evaluation accounts. Right. Gotcha. 

And so once you got an evaluation account funded, then you got your PA account. Once you got your PA account, kind of grew it past that minimum threshold, then you were eligible for payouts. I know you've posted several of those payouts that you've had, but what was that process like for getting payouts? I mean, how did that go for you? Well, I heard some negative stories about it. 

I thought it was going to be difficult, but it wasn't. I just, if you go into the, I use Apex, go into Apex and request a payout on the left-hand side, it'll show which accounts are eligible and they take a day or two to review it. And another, after that, it takes like maybe, I don't know, like three or four days to get paid out. 

So it's pretty simple. It's been pretty smooth so far. Yep. 

Awesome. Because a lot of people, when they first get their very first payout, then they learn about the 30% payout rule, which for anyone who's watching who's not familiar, they don't want any one day, one trading day to be more than 30% of your profits. And ask me how I know about that. 

Because I thought it was, I didn't realize this per day, I thought it was per trade. And so I had a really good day one day and realized it was multiple trades, but it was a really good day. And so they declined the, this is months and months and months ago. 

I think it was like March or something, but they declined my very first payout because I was past the threshold, but I didn't have enough, it was too heavily weighted in a single day. They declined the payout. So I'm happy to hear that you got, you passed that rule and it wasn't a problem. 

You were able to get approved and you've had multiple payouts since then. So that's awesome. Yeah. 

I think by keeping my risk consistent, that keeps the number of contracts consistent over time. I'm not going like gangbusters or getting over emotional and going like gambler mentality. I'm just trying my best to psychologically remove the ego and just allow the boss to do their thing without human interference.

Sure. Sure. And what was something that you wish you know now that you wish you would have known when you started? Is there anything to mind? When I first started the bots, I wanted to, I thought I was smarter. 

I thought I could win the losing trades back that the bots lost and which you like manually took over. Is that what you're doing here? Right. I've manually, I just turned the bots off and manually start trading them. 

Like, okay, I'm going to get, try to make these red, red trades turn green or, you know, just, you know, try to get the accounts built back up. But that's how I blew a few accounts by meddling and interfering. Right. 

Instead of sticking to the strategy. Right. So it took a few times of doing that to, for me to just start working on a strategy, finding a bot that I like. 

I believe it was one of your classes that you pre-talked about that hit home to me. Like just, there's going to be consecutive number of winning days and a consecutive number of losing days. And it could be three consecutive or three losing days, but realize there's going to be consecutive red days in there and not to get discouraged about that, that I was before. 

So that was one thing that really drove home to me that helped that I put into the trading plan with the bot is just to be consistent, let the red trades play out and go from there. Nice. Was there any one thing like a class or a psychology or something you practice, mentorship, anything that things just like started to make more sense or started to click for you? Right, right. 

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Like the, the couple classes, like, like, like your class, you were talking about just allowing the bots to trade.

Right. When you go through the backtesting on the bots, you'll see over on the left, there's going to be a certain number of winning days, a certain number of losing days on average. So keeping that in mind helps me not to get emotional about the losing trades, the losing days and the class on adjusting the risk for evaluation accounts versus PA accounts.

Right. Gotcha. And do you run like the same exact setup? Maybe the risk sounds like it's lower for your, your PA accounts versus eval, but do you run the same? Cause I know there's quite a few people who say, yeah, you know, getting account funded was pretty easy, but maybe getting a payout is a little, it seems to be a little more elusive. 

Do you run the same, you know, setups between the two and just reduce the risk or how do you, how do you approach that? Yeah, I run the same bots, the same setup for both the PA and eval accounts. And I just sized down and use a lower risk on the 50 K PA account. I use, use like one or 200 on that. 

And I am for the, for the, for the 25 K account, I use a one 50 and for the eval accounts, I use a two 50 for the risk. Gotcha. Okay. 

Yeah, that makes sense. Gotcha. So how hard was it to maybe develop your process and kind of stick with it? Cause as I've said many times in classes is, you know, like winning days is pretty easy. 

You don't have to do anything, but those red days that come sometimes back to back to back several in a row, that's where you're tempted to think something's wrong. I need to make some adjustments. Yes. 

It's like, that's just part of it. Don't, don't change anything. Cause now you're, you're interrupting the flow, right? Yes. 

But how hard was it, would you say to develop your process and kind of stick with it? Cause you've, you've, you know, gotten some payouts already, several. And it's like, how, how hard was that? Uh, initially it was challenging. Uh, like you say, because you see the green days, Oh, life is great. 

Then you see like a two or three or four, uh, losing trades or a couple red days in there and you like, Oh, something's wrong here. So I had to psychologically overcome that mentality. And, uh, it was your class where you talked about, uh, not interfering with the process. 

So once I grasped that, uh, it was easy after that, once I grasped that, that one, one nugget there. So just leave it alone. Right. 

Right. Gotcha. Awesome.

And how much, uh, how much time do you spend on like in a week on bot trading? Well, the, the, the trading itself, uh, like backtest optimization, backtesting optimization, maybe, maybe an hour. Cause I get in there. I like to look at my statistics and things like that. 

Uh, sure. It's about an hour in the morning. Setting up is like five minutes. 

Sure. Yeah. Ops Monday through Thursday. 

I don't, I don't trade Fridays. And, uh, so four days a week. Nice. 

And was that just Fridays too, too random, too sporadic for you? Is that the thought there? Well, that's, that's what the, uh, the, uh, optimization and the backtesting showed me is, uh, is that the, uh, the, uh, the best, uh, profits for this particular bot, this particular strategy and numbers that I'm using is Monday through Thursday. Yep. And it gives me Friday off and right. 

Gotcha. Cool. That's right. 

The whole point of me doing this is just to create a time freedom for myself. So it, by using the bots, you know, just, just a few minutes a day in the mornings and, uh, a little bit at the end of the week, just to analyze things and taking Friday off. I have a lot of freedom away from the, from the screens. 

So it's given me a lot of time freedom. Right. Awesome. 

Awesome. So what, what's a one suggestion or guidance that you would give to someone, maybe brand new trader hasn't yet got funded. Maybe they just started in the last week or so brand new. 

What would you, what advice or suggestion guidance would you, would you give them knowing what you pick a strategy, a bot that, that, uh, resonates with you that you like, or a couple of bots and go through the optimizations, learn how to optimize. Uh, and once you find the optimizations, uh, uh, backtested a few times and, uh, after the backtesting, uh, put it to work and just stay hands off and, uh, let, let it do its thing. And, uh, the other thing I would recommend is hop on a phone call or send an email message to you or Tracy, uh, some of the other mentors and, uh, and ask questions. 

Sure. Yeah. Love that. 

Awesome. Cool. Well, thank you for your time. 

We'll see if, uh, any of the group here has any questions for you. There's a handful here. Um, I don't know. 

Do any of you guys have questions for Dr. Joe? So not only has he, you know, he's got accounts funded, but he's also got some payouts from it. So, um, I know he's where a lot of you want to be. So questions, Brandon, Florencio, Mike, any questions for Dr. Joe? Uh, he just started this process, you know, February-ish, February, March, something like that. 

So just a couple months into it. So not everyone at once. Hey guys. 

Hey, so I was curious, you mentioned I was driving the same time he was talking about all that. I was just kind of curious to know what his, um, risk amount on his, um, funded accounts are. Yeah. 

You, can you share that again, Dr. Joe? Yeah. For the, uh, for the, uh, 50K funded account, that's, uh, 200, uh, $200 and the 25K account, it's, uh, 150. So do you, so, so what is your EA account? Do you, do you, how much do you reduce that by? Not my, I'm sorry. 

You said EA, your PA account. So sorry. PA is like a, uh, what, what do they call those? The expert advisors, right? Yeah. 

Yeah. So just to clarify, Dr. Joe, could you clarify like your 25K eval and PA, 50K eval and PA, what were those like four numbers? Yeah. Yeah. 

Yeah. Yeah. The, uh, eval 50K accounts, the, the initial risk is a 250. 

Yep. And, uh, for the, uh, 25K eval accounts, 175. Yeah. 

And then for the, uh, uh, PA accounts for the 50K PA, I dropped it down to 200. Yep. And then for the 25K, uh, PA, I dropped it down to 175. 

So what do you do? I guess you don't have any more eval accounts then for, for 25K because they're just PA. No. Yeah. 

Yeah. They're all gone. They're all 50K now. 

I gotcha. Okay. Yeah. 

That makes sense. So just a little bit lower. Yeah.

Awesome. Yeah. Not, not, not a, not a lot, but just enough to, uh, for me personally to, to feel comfortable about it and to apply the, uh, the knowledge on one of the classes that, uh, Tracy gave, uh, it was very helpful class. 

Yeah. The risk management, I'd recommend someone go back and reviewing that, uh, video about the risk management. Right. 

And, uh, some, I don't know if you guys have ever, uh, read this, but there's a book that Tracy went through called thinking in bets. And she actually got me, uh, connected and paying attention to the book. And in that book, they say the, the emotions, um, you know, the average they're talking about poker, but when you lose like a hand or lose a trade in our case, you feel twice as many negative emotions for a losing trade that you would a winning trade as a positive. 

So that means that you have to win twice as much as you lose kind of like 65%, just so your emotions like feel even, right. Cause like the, the joy you experienced from, from winning is a lot less than the negative experience you feel from losing. So they kind of have two wins have to out one, the out run or outweigh the weight of one losing trade. 

And it's, it's kind of an interesting thing to think about, right? Like, like some people, and they, they want 50, 50 odds and let's make as much as possible, but they can't, you know, the emotions of that, right. Cause you're going to be 50, 50, you know, it's, it's not a two to one ratio for wins and losses. It's a one-to-one in that case. 

So, you know, for, for, if you're using like a 50% win rate, so I thought it was pretty interesting that, you know, and so obviously like if you have a very high win rate, then, you know, that, that probably is in align with what most human emotions could, could handle and adapt to and, you know, tolerate. So, yeah. Cool. 

Cool. Yeah. That is interesting.

Yeah. I have one more question. I was kind of curious about when you're doing your optimizations and backtesting, how, how far back do you, do you go? Do you go just 90 days or do you, do you try to backtest it further to vet your bots? Yeah, I try to go a little bit more. 

Like I'll usually go back to February, March. The one I'm currently using, the, the OmegaSnap back, I'll go back to, I think it's first of February or the first, first full week in February, whatever that day lies on. So that's a good, like roughly six months then it sounds like, right? Awesome. 

Cool. Yeah, that is, that's, that was interesting cause I, that's kind of what I've started to do too, is go back a little bit further and I've had, had some pretty good results doing that. So yeah, I was just kind of curious to see what your, what your process was in that. 

So yeah. Thank you. So it looks like we got another question from Florencio. 

Dr. Joe, he said, I'll read it here for you. He said, from start to funding, how long was the process, frustration, failures until success? And success is like, it's, it's an ongoing, it's not like I've arrived. At least I don't feel that, maybe you feel differently, but I never feel like I've arrived. 

But what was the, what was that timing wise from, from your very first, when you first started to get your very first PA account, how long did that take? Yeah, like it was, like it started in February and it was probably end of March, first of, around the 1st of April when I got my first, first PA account. It's about 60 days, give or take? Yeah, probably less than 60 days. Okay.

Got it. Yeah. There you go. 

Yeah. It's obviously about closer to five to six weeks. Okay. 

Like 45 days. Awesome. Cool. 

I don't know. Does that answer your question, Florencio? If you have some more questions, let us know. Mike, did you have any questions for Dr. Joe? No. 

Yeah. Awesome. Cool. 

Well, any other questions? Let us know. Otherwise, Dr. Joe, thanks so much for, for sharing your, your nuggets of wisdom. I appreciate it. 

Yeah. Thank you guys. And I learned a lot from you guys too. 

I learned a lot from, from Matt, Tracy, the whole community. I learned from one another. Yeah. 

Awesome. Cool. Any last questions? Let us know. 

Otherwise that's a wrap for what we got. Cool. All right. 

Thanks so much, guys. Have a great evening. Thank you again, Dr. Joe. 

I appreciate it. Thank you all. Thank you, sir. 

Thanks. Bye.