Oh, hey, hey Matt. What's going on everybody? How are we doing today? Hope you guys had an awesome weekend. I got to celebrate, actually gave my dad a surprise party. 

He turned the big eight zero and we wanted to do a surprise party but not give him a heart attack in the same time. So that was interesting. So yeah, so today we're going to talk about and chat with Victor. 

Hello, Victor. Thanks for hanging out with us. Victor, tell us a little bit about you and your journey. 

Tell us like where you're from, what you do for a living. Tell us all the things. Well, I mean, I'm a writer by training, so I don't come from the markets or trading or even a mathematical background to totally liberal arts humanities side of the campus and sort of spent 25 years in the business one way or the other.

And I'm sort of, you know, itinerant writer lifestyle. I've worked in California and Texas, spent 13 years in New York City. And we came back, my wife is from East Lansing, Michigan, so we came back to take care of her parents who are getting older and so on, just like your dad.

And so we did that right before COVID. And so I was looking for, I traded, Matt, 10 years ago, and it was a fiasco, terrible at it. You figured out what not to do.

Exactly right. And so I was looking for, get back into about five years ago. So I started trading back up five years ago and had known about bots for a while and kept my distance.

Gotcha. Awesome. Awesome. 

So you're from, you're a professional writer and you live in just, you're Lansing, is that what you said? Lansing, Michigan? Yeah. Okay. Got it. 

Awesome. We've been here since COVID. Okay. 

So 2020 ish. Yeah. 2019.

2019. Okay. Got it. 

And you have, you told me the other day, you got 11 funded accounts now using bots. And you said you were kind of skeptical about bots. We made a believer out of you. 

So tell us, tell us about that. Well, I mean, I give you a lot of the credit because I, so I, as you, as you know, Matt, I've not been around you guys for 10 years or five years or however long you've been doing this. I just started in October with that, with that class that you start every once in a while.

So it had taken me a long time. I'd been trading on my own and options and started dabbling in futures. So that's when I started hearing about funded accounts and I didn't trust them or the bots. 

So I had two things going against me. I didn't trust the bots. And I thought these funded account things were a scam to save money. 

And so, so I didn't spend a lot of time thinking about them. I just kept plowing away at my own, my own trading business. I work from home. 

So my computer's always on and the markets are always on. I'm not always trading, but they're always on. And so, and so I came across you and I was interested in the idea that this seemed like a, I didn't have to pay $10,000 upfront and all this. 

And so for a number of reasons, you appealed to me and I, I finally said, I've got nothing to lose. And from you, I kind of learned the approach that, you know, these, these funded accounts are like, are like weeds and you just, you just buy a bunch of them and trade them. And it's a, it's, it was for me. 

So when I trade my own money, I tense up. But when I trade somebody else's money, tremendous freedom, tremendous freedom. If I burn through them, as you know, Matt, they're, they're dirt cheap. 

I think I pay, you know, I started trading funded accounts in January when, around the first of the year, when they were like 90% off. I got a bunch of those and started trading them. And that's, that's the original of those. 

I probably converted about eight of those and I've since bought some more and gotten me to 11, but that's, I find them very, I find the whole system of a bot taking the most of the responsibility. I do trade some of my own. I, I, I am not ready to give up completely on my own trading. 

So I do trade some of my own and I've gotten some. However, the bot does most of the work now for me. I've learned to trust it.

And two, I don't treat my eval accounts very preciously. I run through them. I burn them out.

If they're not going to win for me, they're not going to win for me. And that's okay. And so, so what would you say you're more aggressive in the, the eval accounts? Is that what you're saying? Totally. 

Totally. I've always known that about myself. I have a high tolerance for risk. 

However, I should say that once they become PA accounts, different story, taught me to cut my risk in half. And so I've started doing that and I've not lost a PA account yet. I have, I mentioned my way towards a payout, but I'm being much more conservative, much smarter about it. 

I don't treat them much more carefully once they reach that PA status. Right. Got it. 

Cool. Yeah. That's interesting. 

Cause I, I know some people are, they tippy toe through the eval accounts and if they blow up an eval account, it's like, oh my gosh, I don't have what it takes. And I'm like, you know what the there's, it's just a matter of time before someone blows up an eval account. It's, it's, you know, it's like striking out in baseball, right? It's just part of it. 

It's not the end of the world. And because they're so cheap, like I've never paid a reset fees because they're so cheap. You can stagger them and different start dates. 

And you always got at least one or two that you're, you're working on. Right. So my mentor taught me this long, long time ago. 

And I still live with that in baseball. If you fail seven times, you make it to the hall of fame. And so 30% pass rates are perfectly fine.

And so my evals, I I've gotten them now that I, I passed pretty much half, but in my mind, if I can get, if I can buy 10 eval accounts and pass nine eval accounts and pass three, I finish ahead. Sure. So let's talk about that. 

Yeah. I have to, it's my mind that works against sometimes. So let's talk about it. 

You have what, 50 K a bunch of 50 K accounts. Is that right? Yes. I did. 

I did the math and you've sort of done the math too. It doesn't make sense to have a 300. I wanted a 300 other for my own even, but I realized that why climb Kilimanjaro and Everest at the same time, like 27 hours to get it unlocked or 28 or whatever it is. 

Yeah. Whereas a, a 50 K only need like 12 hours worth of wins. 25 K is only 10, but you know, you get like for two hour more, you get double the buying power, so to speak. 

So why not? Yeah. Because the point of the exercise is to get paid. Sure. 

Sure. Get to that payment, get the first payout. Right. 

So I, I, I thought a 25, but I settled on 50 and I bought 100,000 by mistake and I blew that up right away because I didn't want it anyway. You canceled it. I gotcha. 

So what, what specific bots have you kind of used or what have you found that you've kind of liked the most? Well, as I say, we've only been doing this since October. So I had access to the, the orb, the first orb, and then you rolled out the mega orb and you let us have that. And that's my first love. 

I tell everybody, man, I fell in love with the mega orb. It just wins. It just wins. 

Now the market has been helping us, right? Market is making big moves up or down at nine 30, right? So, so the orb, the orbs love, love those moves. Perhaps it's the in the last two months. I don't know. 

But, but I pretty much exclusively use a mega orb. You just recently allowed us to access to the other bots. I don't even know how to use them yet. 

So I haven't touched them, but I have used a mega snapback. Okay. And then I haven't, it's not, I haven't used it really in the field yet. 

And it's winning. It's doing well. So I'm probably going to start using that today would have been a good day to use it. 

The market going the way it was for a while then started to trend. But, but the mega orb, I can't, I can't say no good things about it. I may just use that forever and just, it's working for you. 

Why not? I do something different than you do, Matt, though. I have to say you, I love your, your approach. Find something that works every day of the week, turn it on, get it on your VPS and leave it alone. 

I aspire to that. I'm not there yet. I use a daily, I have a Monday, Tuesday bot that I'm running and I have a Wednesday bot and I have a Thursday, Friday bot. 

So I switched them out. That works for me and they've been winning. Sure. 

Yeah. Whatever works for you. I know, at least for me, it's, it's obviously a lot less work, a lot less. 

Some people say it's, you know, it's, it's easier to just have one that runs five days versus in your case, you'd have three that you set up that run, you know, two that run two days a week, one that runs one, but yeah. And whatever works for you. Right. 

That's, that's right. Put your spin on it. I think I'm going to move to yours at some point, but when I was setting these up and these are going back a couple of months when you taught us how to set up and backtest, it just made sense for me to find a better, I couldn't find one really that worked all, every, all five days. 

You've since talked about your settings and I've sort of kind of figured that back out, but I'm superstitious. I'm sticking to what's working for me so far. I mean, if it works, leave it alone. 

Right. Yeah. So are you, are you, it sounds like you said nine 30 in your Eastern time zone. 

So are you, are you're, you're using it right at like the equivalent of like the stock market open then? Is that right? Yeah. I give myself the first five minutes. So they, I think all my bots, well, one starts at 10, but the other started in about nine 35. 

So slightly different times. Okay. Got it. 

Awesome. So it sounds like you're taking like probably what, three trades a day across each of those or something like that. That's about the average two to three. 

Yeah. Nice. And then are you using like the, so we in, in the 50 K accounts, for those of you who don't know, the goal is to grow at $3,000 with $2,500, a drawdown. 

Right. And so the, the moderate risk would be using 10% of that 2,500. So $250, it's kind of like a moderate, right. 

Moderate setting an aggressive risk would be 500. A very conservative would be half of that, which would half of the two 50, which would be one 25. Where are you typically using risk-wise for, for your PA accounts? I know you say you kind of blow them up and you're somewhat aggressive. 

You beat them up is about the year phrase, but yeah. For the evals, for the evals, two to 50 for the PA, I'm going to go 25. Okay. 

So you use the moderate settings, moderate risk for the evals and the conservative for the risk. Okay. Yeah. 

I'm the same way. Okay. Got it. 

And I wish I could tell you that it's, it's really fancy that my settings or I discovered. It's not, it's just plain. Hardly. 

I mean, people talk about offset settings and so on. I barely know what an offset setting is and I know you've described it once or twice. I don't even touch that.

I really don't. I just go with the third graders and find it's very laborious. Truthfully, I, I calibrate and then I back off the best performer, which is again, your suggestion, right? Don't go fully optimized. 

Don't max out there. Yeah. Yeah. 

Right. So I do, I just do what you say and it seems to work. Sure. 

So what is a, walk us through a little bit of like, just, you don't have to give us like the secret sauce, but like, what is like, what is your basic process for choosing like a setup to run live? Like, what is your normal process? You said you have three different like settings that you use like a Monday, Tuesday, a Wednesday and a Thursday, Friday. What's your, what's your process typically look like? Right. So I am wide. 

I start with, I check off all the days, Monday through Friday. And then I start, sometimes I'll even start at about nine o'clock in the morning before the market, before the cash opened and then start optimizing by time, by number of contracts, always with my, with my risk defined, right. 250 or 125. 

And then I'll start, I'll start fooling with the four minute, the three minute, the two minute. Most of, I have a two minute bot and I have a four minute bot. And I think there's, yeah, I think that's, that's it. 

And, and really we'll just optimize. And I don't mind the labor. I barely know how to use the optimization because you just taught it to us not too long ago. 

So I don't really use optimization. I need to figure that out fully because I probably make my job easier. I don't mind the laborious nature of just 15 minute increments, you know, one minute, two minute, three minute, four minute. 

And I'll just run it, run, run, run back tests three months. And then I want to see what it did in the last month. Yeah. 

Once I've found something and then I'll check days and I rarely win on each day. Though you've taught us now that if, if you have a small loser on a Tuesday, you might want to just leave it, right? It'd just be some anomaly, some, some news that, but I, I wasn't doing that back then. And so I'll just see, you know, this thing really works on Wednesdays and Thursdays. 

And so I'll start optimizing those two days. I see. And make that into my two hour, three hour, four, whatever, whatever it may be.

Okay. Makes sense. And then I'll, I'll put it in the rotation, but I don't have a lot of bots.

I think you've talked about this, Matt, that I had initially a compulsive nature to maybe I need to switch these out all the time, but I realized, and I talked myself out of it because if it's working, why would I, what, why would I change it? Right. But lose it as of course all, all, all, all things lose at some point. Sure. 

You got to work through it and let it, let it find its way. And so I, I can't, I can't say I've, I've switched them out very often. I think I switched one out in the time I've been, I've been trading bots, which is since about January. 

Gotcha. Sure. So is there any one thing that just like clicked with you, like a specific class or a, a, a practice or a technique or anything that just clicked with for you? Well, well, this idea, and I think it was you and I, I followed the conversations on the, and put the push button channel and there's been some discussion about let them get out of their way. 

Don't, don't, don't, don't get in there. And it was very hard for me because I trade, I trade manually. I trade my own accounts. 

I thought I was the, the end all be all of it. It hinged on me. So that was the realization. 

And the other realization is that these are not precious things. You, you know, don't, don't, don't fall in love with your Uval accounts. When I realized that I could get a 30% pass rate and have 10, 11 of these things, I could write my own ticket. 

It's a very liberating way. If I told you, Matt, you'll get three hits out of 10 times you read, you go to the plate, then, you know, and the odds are just with you. Then I think you'll swing for you. 

Sure. And you said the pressure on yourself just as less, cause you're not like losing your own money per se, right? It's just 30 bucks a month or whatever you're spending. Right. 

Yeah. I think Tony Robbins says, if you knew you couldn't fail, what would you do? Yeah. And that's how I feel about why did it take me so long? I'll trade these things all day and happy to lose $18, $20, whatever they cost. 

I, I, I wait for the sales. I don't buy it. I never spend full price. 

Yeah. And, uh, and, uh, I told somebody that I, I treat, I treat, I treat my eval accounts like trash. If they go, they go. 

It doesn't matter. My wife's in sales. She told me a long time ago, Victor, it's never about the nose.

It's about the one. Yes. And I try, and I try to live that in my, because otherwise I'm too, fear takes over. 

And you talked about this idea of fear and fear, fear will, will immobilize you. And, uh, and I don't think you'll get very far, but in any case that I would say that the idea that these bots really, you mean it when you say they are bots and they are going to do the trading for you. And it took me a while to accept that.

But once I accepted that I could turn them on and leave them on, and you were telling me, leave them on, leave them on, no, seriously, leave them on. Uh, and, uh, and the idea that these evals, the, you know, even a broken clock is to write twice a day. They're going to get some of these, so just 10 and get two or three do five and go from there. 

So I would say those two things have helped me the most to, to move forward rather aggressively here at the beginning. Gotcha. How hard was it to develop your process and like stick with it? It sounds like you've been refining it a little bit over time. 

How hard was it? Hard. It's difficult because again, I, I'd been trading my own accounts and nobody was trading for me. I was doing it myself and I took the losses and I took the wins. 

And I think you told me, you told us once in class, you know, I don't chart trade. I, I turned all that off. I, it's out of the VPS. 

And I remember jumping up and say, I'd never trade without a chart. I'll never do it because it's like flying blind. So it took me a while. 

It took me a while to accept the fact that I had to trust a bot and that it could win, that it could win. That was the biggest hurdle for me because again, I, I, I'd been trading my own accounts and, and, and, but once you turn it on and now I, I don't chart, I do, I do watch them sometimes. I do admit I do watch them sometimes, but now I've gotten to the point where I put them on the VPS and I check them once or twice a day, just make sure they're on. 

But I, I, I pretty much walk away. Am I thinking about it? Yeah, I am. Sure. 

Fast forward, like six months or a year from now, you might check in on it maybe once a week or something, right? That's hard to believe, but when Matt says that, he means it. I mean, it's serious, as hard as it is to believe. And it is for me sometimes that, that I could do that. 

But, but it was a process for me to let go. And I think it's true for everybody because in the end, it's our money, right? It's, it's, it's just hard to let go. Even if it's $18 email account, I want to know, I want to be there. 

I want to, I want to guide the bot. I want to get out if the bot is going against me. And I did that, by the way, I've done all those mistakes. 

I got out too early and overruled the bot and so on. So I've made all the mistakes, but, but I was free to keep getting more of these email accounts and keep trading them. Right. 

Awesome. And how much time, Victor, would you say that you spend on, on setting this up or, you know, short of like just checking in on it, which is like an optional thing, but like setting it up, reviewing it, how much, what, how much time in a week? Well, I, I'm very painstaking about backtesting. So I, there's probably 10 times, hundreds of people who do it faster and better than I do, but it takes, I'll spend the whole evening after I have dinner, I'll sit down and just keep testing, backtesting, backtesting.

And this one is great, but I think I can do better and so on. So, so a couple of hours, you know, from seven or eight o'clock till 10 or 11 o'clock, I'll just sit in my computer and just backtest. Probably more than I need to do. 

Is that every day, once a week? No, no. Once a week, maybe twice. And I'll have two or three bots that I, that I feel really good about. 

And then I'll, I'll sim test some of them. Again, I'm not switching out many, so I'm not even doing that anymore, but I guess I should always have something in the back, in the background in case I need, I need to switch something out, but I'm not running into that yet. But, but, you know, once a week I will, and I kind of like to find something else.

And originally I was looking at other markets, gold, CL, some of these others. I've given up on that. I only do, I come from SPX and the cash index.

So I know what to specialize in one market. And so NQ and MNQ is all I do. Nice. 

Yeah. I like MNQ myself personally. So awesome. 

Cool. So just one last question in that it's like, what, what suggestions, what guidance do you have for maybe newer trader, newer bot traders who are working on getting funded? There's somewhere between like getting started or not yet funded somewhere in that process, somewhere in that no man's land. What, what is suggestions, guidance do you have for them? That's a hard question because I mean, I'm working through it myself and figuring things out. 

And it's easy for me to say, because, you know, I don't know what people's situation are, but my advice would be to simply find a bot that you have a comfort level and trust level with, and then get yourself a lot of eval accounts. Don't, don't start with one because it's probably going to go, you're going to go down and it's, I know it's crushing and probably just overwhelm the system. It's like football, right? Just, just send your biggest guys up front and just hand the ball off to your biggest back and just plow forward. 

I kind of recommend four, like if you're going to do four, don't start with like 20, cause that's a bit much, but start with four, start, start somewhere. Yeah. Right. 

And so that's my sense because I don't know. Otherwise you might, you might lose your, your own, right. Your, your motivation. 

I don't know. So my, my sense is that it's probably worth, like you say, four or five. I mean, they're only $18 when they're 90% off.

I'll say only it's easy for me to say that. Sure. And frankly, it's just more fun. 

Right. Or cards to play. And that's part of it. 

I like the game of it. I don't like trading, which is why, by the way, that I'm here because I don't like sitting in front of my computer and watching green bars paint on the screen. I could probably think of a hundred better things I could do. 

So if a bot can do that for me and even better than I can, that's, that's the eventual goal. Sure. Got it. 

So are you open to some questions from the group here? You may, I think you covered this, but how many trades a day are you taking? This came from John Miller. I think you said you answered that, right? How many trades per day? Two to a maximum of four, mostly two or three. And mostly early in the morning. 

One of my bots, my, my Tuesday, my Monday, Tuesday bot, I have it from 935 to I think 1130. And it shuts off after 1130 because I tested every, every minute of it. And there's nothing in the afternoon for it. 

But, but two, I would say two to three. Two to three on average. Okay.

What other questions you guys have? Go ahead and throw them in the chat real quick. Matt, good night. Hello, Antonio. 

I'm trying to write the question, but I don't know. It's not showing anything. It's always a thing with my computer. 

So I'm going to do the direct question to Victor. Do you, Victor, do you use the new trading stop in the new bot? The mega snapback has a trailing stop. I'm very interested in it. 

But we just, we just got the mega snapback not long ago in the class and, or shared it and I am trying it in Sim. And I, it hasn't triggered because I'm not giving it enough rope. I think Matt was using a 45 second.

Yes. It triggers. It definitely triggers. 

Yeah. Yeah. But I'm still using it.

Yeah. He said at the beginning, he uses the mega orb the most is what he's saying. And he's, he's tippy toeing into the mega snapback. 

Okay. Thanks. Yeah. 

That could be a game changer, by the way, Matt, that could be really fun to see it, see a trail up and then lock your profit in. So I'm, I'm interested in it for sure. Yep. 

Cool. What other questions do you have? Brandon, Ben, Cindy, Corey, Damien, James, John, Kristen. Hello, Kristen, Michael, Tim, Svetlana. 

Hello. Yeah. Martin here.

Hello, Martin. Hi. He's very late. 

Just a quick one regarding backtesting and optimization. I did some optimization on backtesting on my laptop and found a good setting for the mega orb in the afternoon on the M15. I did a lot of backtesting even on the ticks and then I was writing down all the settings and then I put the same settings on my DPS account, NinjaTrader8 DPS, and it shows me completely different results. 

Does anybody have an idea what could be the reason for it? Are you talking about the backtest runs? The backtest results are different? Yes. Correct. Yeah. 

The, the common issue is there is like, there's a caching where there, if you look at the list of trades between the two, there's some trades or something is different. There has to be some input different for the output to be different. Yeah, but it's not a little bit. 

It's like on one, I have 2,600 profit and on the other one, just 390. So it's, it's really a future. The same, like the same using a username connection, you're not using like two different data connections. 

It's the same exact connections and everything. Yeah. That is a little bit, which I have not figured out because I have downloaded.

Yeah. We can, we could troubleshoot that if you want offline, we could take a look at that. Yeah. 

I just want to ask if somebody has similar, similar experience with, with doing backtests and then suddenly getting different figures on a different laptop or different VPS or everything on VPS. Sure. Sure. 

Yeah. Let's, let's, you and I can, we can review that together after. Not today, possible tomorrow. 

He's already watching. Sure. Same.

Sure. Leanne asked the question, how long did it take to get the evals funded? Is that for me? Oh, okay. Well, I started.

11. So I guess you have 11 answers. Well, I started in January, the first, literally the first of the year when those sales, I think the sale ended like the 2nd of January. 

So from the late December to first, first or 2nd of January, I bought maybe 10, 10 or 11 at 90% off. And then the slow process from then in the first month, I maybe converted on five or six and the rest have come February. And I just, the 11th, just late last week, I got the 11th on there. 

So it took me a couple of months. Yep. And that's that you said it was like a 30% batting average.

Oh, for me, it's closer to 50. Okay. Got it. 

Okay. Got it. So 30% was just, that was your hall of fame reference, right? No, 30% is what I tell my, my head. 

Okay. My, my base goal is to, to get one out of three, one out of three. That's I need to tell myself that all the time I have to remind myself, but if I look at my numbers, it's pretty close to a 50%.

Okay. Gotcha. That kind of tracks. 

Yep. Got it. One more question. 

You said in the beginning that sometimes you didn't and all the mistakes by interfering, but if you see already, you are like 1,800 or 2,700 in profits. And are you sometimes closing it manually or let you, or you really take discipline and let the bot finishing the process? Good question because you caught me. I'd like to answer that. 

I'm so disciplined that I'd never meddle in my bots. I'm much better at it now, but do I close them off when I see something that I don't like in the market? Yeah, I do. Sometimes I do a bad me. 

Don't, don't follow my But also assume you're sitting in front of the computer looking at it too. Yeah, I am. Yeah. 

So, I mean, this is a problem. I work from home and the markets are always running in the background. It's just a habit I've developed over years. 

However, I'm much better at it. And mostly I lead the, I have, I got the VPS and I don't even look at the VPS. I don't log in. 

And so that's helping me get away from that. And let them do what they're going to do. And I'll check, I'll check at the end of the day But no, sometimes I do metal and sometimes it works against me.

Yeah, I'm convinced that it's kind of like a wash where like your emotions get involved and maybe you, like on that one, you, you left money on the table or maybe you saved a few dollars, but your emotions got involved. And, you know, ultimately that trade may have worked a little better, a little worse, but over time, it's probably a wash. It doesn't really make much difference. 

If you do it, you know, maybe interfere 10 trades across the board, across 10 trades probably doesn't make much of a difference, right? Like some, some you may make less, but your, your time and your emotions are now you got some emotional capital you've spent, you know, where the end dollar amount is probably the same. Matt shared with us in class once that he showed us his trades. And I think your made like three or four really good trades. 

And you said, you know what, this is not going to continue. And I think you, you cut your risk and sure enough, you took two or three losses. I liked that, that approach. 

And I might, I've been thinking of using that when, when your bot does super well, it's going to revert to the mean, right? It's probably going to give some of it back. Why not cut your risk? I think you did that once. And it was a smart move.

I'm not sure that's a, that's a way out, but I might start doing that instead of, instead of literally getting into the trading. Right. But Martin, to answer your question about 2,700, 2,800 in profit, because Victor's only using $250. 

I don't think you have a 10R or 11R target price target. So he probably would never have that unless you're, I guess, copy trading against 11 accounts, which would, you'd hit your price target and you'd X anyways. So that he would never have that, that kind of profit in a single open trade. 

So, so yeah. All right. In an eval, I might trade 10 contracts. 

Sure. In an eval, I might trade 10 lots. Sure. 

That's quite possible. Sure. Something that it's actually not, not wrong or bad to, to monitor and proactive manage your, your bot portfolio, because I know that some hedge funds, they're running bots, but there's always somebody who was watching over the bot and, and even have the rights to interfere if they see that something going in the wrong direction. 

So I think it's not wrong to proactive manage your account. You should not do it every, every time, but I think that's wrong with it too. Yeah. 

My advice is if you're going to interfere, like track, what would have happened if you hadn't, you know, had you not interfered? Could you, did you leave money on the table by interfering? Right. It's like, and did you do it because you were afraid if fear is taking over and fear is making your decisions, then that's where it's like, ah, you're just kind of giving into your fear. Right. 

And that's not necessarily a good thing. I guess it is kind of a bad thing, but that's, that's where you're, you're letting your emotions make your decisions for you. Right now, hedge funds have certain, you know, that's a totally different story. 

Cause they have certain like requirements in their charter things they have to do. That's, that's kind of a different story, but yeah. What other questions you guys have for so I have a question today, the YOLO your trades to get funded because you're using 10 contracts. 

What was your question? Oh, did I hear that you sometimes do 10 contracts to get it funded for your evals? Sometimes I do. Yes. I think you said, what YOLO or do you ever use like really high risk to get an account funded? Sure. 

I do. Sure. I do. 

I can be very aggressive, but I'm not, everybody's view of it is different. I'm not, I'm not throwing a Hail Mary. If the, if the, if the setup is there and the numbers are there, I'm probably going to take it now with my bots. 

I, with my bots on the evils, it's a two 50, but when I trade on my own, you're talking about manual trading. Okay. I'll trade 10 contracts because the setup is there. 

Reverse trend line, whatever it is. And I feel good about it. It might blow my account, but, but so on, but my bots to two 50, always. 

Gotcha. So you're very disciplined with the bots and you have some discretion in your manual trading is what it sounds like. Got it. 

Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. 

So, so Victor, I really like your mindset on your eval accounts. Um, my, and you kind of already touched on it, but I'm just kind of curious to know what's the difference in your mindset between your eval accounts and your PA accounts. Cause that's kind of where I'm getting hung up now is it's like, okay, you treat the eval account. 

Like it's, you just blow through it. You get it funded or you don't, whatever you move on to the next one. But then once it get, you get it, you get the PA account. 

I feel like there's kind of a mindset shift. Do you have any insights on that? I feel it. I feel exactly the same way. 

And, uh, Matt should be the one to answer this question because I was struggling with that myself. I've been very conservative with my evals, my PA accounts. I haven't blown a single one yet, but neither, not many of them have made much progress because I'm super conservative because I've worked this hard to get the, get it to PA status. 

I'm going to take my time and figure out what my edge really is. And I think Matt gave us the edge and that edge is cut your risk in half, cut your risk in half. So if you take two, three, four losses, you're still there and the body's going to turn around. 

The body's not going to lose 10 times, maybe well, but I doubt it. And so that I think is our edge. Our edge is that we're smarter than the, than the market. 

If we cut our risk in half and it's been working for me, I'm edging closer to a payout because of it, because you're going to take losses. So for me, when, when Matt told us to cut our, our, our, our risk in half, I said, why? I'll never get there. But it's not true because sometimes you'll catch, you'll catch it just right. 

And you'll go for full profit with it, with that. And that happens quite often. So, but I, I, I struggled with exactly the same point. 

I don't know that I have the edge to get most of these to the finish line and a payout until I understood, okay, like everything else in trading, it's about risk management. It's not about winning. It's about protecting your own goal line.

And, and that's, I, you know, Matt, you, you came up with this idea. So discuss it better, but I'm really good at doing the wrong thing. So I just share.

So what's interesting is like, I've done like a lot of these types of interviews with people and you know, we'll schedule a day, two or three days. And believe it or not, one of the most common things is I'll schedule an interview like this two days after someone got funded and like 60% of the time they get canceled. You know why they get canceled? They're like, I already blew up my funded account. 

I'm like, what kind of risk are you using? You blow it up in like two days. Like what is happening over there? Like, and they said, well, I took a small loss and then I like revenge traded and I blew it up. And now they're like, you know, in, in just like a really bad place emotionally, because like I work so hard and then I just did something really dumb. 

And now I'm back to square one. Right. And believe it or not, that happens a lot.

And that's why I'm like, okay, let's, let's like reduce our risks. So that doesn't happen. The interview or not doesn't, you know, I'm just saying like, don't, let's not blow up our account so quickly. 

Let's not be in a hurry because it took some time to get them funded to get to the PA status. Let's not be in a hurry to blow them up. Let's be smart about this. 

So that's the whole reason we even, I even suggest that. So, yep. Because the edge is built, baked into the bot.

The bot is going to win more often than not, if you've got the right settings and cutting that risk made, made all the sense in the world to me when you, when you told us that, because it's obvious, it just, you're, you're protecting against your downside, which is all good traders do that. So it makes perfect sense. I hope that answered your question, Brandon.

Yep. Cool. We got time for one more. 

Does anyone else have a question? Otherwise we will wrap up. Before you leave, Matt, I don't want to forget, can you help me please with my machine ID? I couldn't be able to, to grab the box. Yes. 

Sorry for doing now, Paul. I just, you know. Yeah, no worries. 

Anyone else have a question for Victor? Antonio, just send it to me in, in the community. I'll, I'll update it for you. Okay.

You talked about risk management. Have you thought or played around with, in Traderweight, you can set a daily loss limit. Have you thought to, to limit your daily losses on some kind of amount level? I have. 

I refuse to make it complicated. So I am going to make this, I promised myself to make it as easy and as dummy proof as possible. So I have not done that yet, though I believe the account dashboard has capabilities around, around that and I might explore that. 

But what I'm doing guys is that I'm not trading all 11. I'll eventually want to get to 12 to 13. I've got one more that's about $200 away from, from converting as well. 

So probably what I'm going to do is I'm going to break them up in fours. And this is, this is Matt's idea. I'm not, not so much mine, but I'm going to break them up in four buckets. 

I'm going to trade two accounts, copy trade two accounts of four, two accounts of four. And then my third, last four, I'm going to keep in the back, in my back pocket. Like reserve. 

Yeah. And plug it in and keep low level on the backend for more, for more accounts. And so I don't think I'm going to need to worry about losses, total account losses, but yes, Martin, I, I have seen that and I saw a YouTube video about it and I might do that.

It feels a bit complicated. So I'm not sure I'm going to try it out at the beginning and I might, I might get burned, but that's okay. Sometimes you have to learn that way.

Cool. Well, thank you so much for sharing your time, Victor. I appreciate it.

Thank you for sharing your, your tips and your tricks. As always, everyone, thank you guys for hanging out with us on a Monday night and we will see you guys all next week. Thanks so much.

Thanks guys. Antonio, send it to me. Yes, I will. 

Okay. Okay. Thank you.