All right, let's see if I can get this shared. So you guys may have seen, where did I put that post? Where, shoot, where did I put it? We're trying to kind of start collecting when people got funded. Where did I put that? Was that in the bot training? I put a message somewhere. 

Dang it, Michael, you responded to it. Where did I put that? I'm trying to remember where I put the message. I think it's in the basic community.

I thought that's where I just was looking. Yeah, it disappeared. I thought it was in there too, but I don't know. 

Like, where did it go? I don't know. Okay, well, anyways, we are trying to collect, if you got an account funded, we're trying to keep up with it as like tracking metrics internally. And yeah, we'll see how that goes over time. 

But in today's session, I want to chat with you guys about some new things we have added and updated. And you may have gotten an alert that there is a brand new Orb and Snapback, which we're going to talk about here in just a sec. So if you go into the bot links updates, you'll see there are two brand new ones.

I deleted the old beta and put the new ones here so you guys can get an alert about them. The Snapback 2.17, it'll tell you kind of what was added now. And there you can download it and same thing with the Orb. 

So what we did in both of these was we took Michael's suggestion of adding an entry, like an offset number that can be optimized, and it's added to the time so you can optimize it. And I'll show you how that works here right now. So let me go into just a normal back test. 

Let's go back into a back test here. And you guys know that you can have a start time and you can close the trade at a certain time, right? All that has been there, that exists, that's nothing really new. The new piece is this offset, right? So in this case, if I'm running a, let's just change that to a five minute chart. 

If I was to say 7.30 and offset by one, it's equivalent of like a 7.35 chart, right? Now, yes, you could just change to 7.35 and get the same benefit. Here's where it really comes in handy is when you go up here to optimize. And then now what you can do is you can optimize the offset. 

So you can say, okay, I'm going to start, we're going to offset by zero and we're going to increment by one and we're going to go to, I don't know, 30, right? Whatever number. And so what that's going to do is every time it circles through that offset, it's going to add, in this case, five minutes. So 7.30, 7.35, 7.40, right? It's going to keep adding and adding and adding. 

And what that's going to do is that essentially give you the ability to optimize the start time in and of itself, right? So I ran a couple of tests a few minutes ago just to see some super basic settings. And I can confirm that the offset does obviously change and act correctly. And we can verify that here in a sec. 

So we'll run some tests, but I just wanted to share that with you guys. It is now available for download and that has been added into the Snapback and the Orb, both of those two bots together. So what we're going to do is we're going to look at, we're going to run an optimization here and let's run a, no, let's run a two minute chart. 

Everything else, pretty much the same. We're going to run, we'll do a one minute. When we're doing lots of optimizations, I don't like to do one tick cause it'll take forever. 

And pretty much shook my entire computer. So here we go. We have, this is actually a pretty decent result here. 

If I look at this is my start time and there's that three candle offset, right? If I was to scroll down a little bit, you'll see there's a two offset, right? Zero. And so the easiest way to remember this, to communicate this is in this case, a seven 30 is with three offset would be basically adding six minutes to seven 30, right? So let's open this in a separate tab and let's let that run. Everything is pretty much the same as the original back test. 

And if I was to run this again, but use a zero offset, I would increase this by six minutes, right? So it's three offset of three times the two. And it should give me the exact same, exact same result. There you go. 

18,953, 2.39. Did you guys see that? If you blinked, you may have missed it. Don't blink. So seven 30 start time with a three, three, it should say three candle offset, I guess, but, but it's off a two minute chart in this case. 

So we should run it. Boom. Give me the exact same result. 

So what I'm able to do again now is just kind of say, okay, I want to find what are the days that work the best? What is the start time that works the best? What is the chart size that works the best and everything else being equal? You know, let's say a 1.4, 1.2 to a three profit taker. We're going to increment by 0.2 and all the stop loss padding can be the same entry padding, which is new. If you haven't seen that, you can now pad your entries as well.

So that's also optimizable. And there, there is a start time, right? So zero to 20 and committing by one. And let's close this at 1555 every day, 1555. 

And in this case it's running on a two minute chart. So we can see what that looks like, what it gives us as far as results and shouldn't take too long. 6,720. 

Yeah. I'm going to take a minute or two, but want to see if you guys have any questions about how that works. Cause this was community suggestion asked and answered. 

Michael, this is for you. Hey Matt, on the, when you opt, when you go to the optimized tab and you right click to like to do a new, you know, to a new tab, just to get the single one. For some reason on mine, it just starts to go through the optimization again. 

It doesn't do the single, single case. I've seen it happen sometimes. Yeah. 

And I don't, I couldn't figure out why I've seen that happen before. I couldn't duplicate why that happens. I guess at a minimum, you can just change it from optimization back to back test manually. 

I don't know if it's like short of memory. I don't know why that, why that does that sometimes I have noticed that. Yeah. 

Yeah. I didn't know if it was a setting or something I was missing. It's just random.

Definitely random. Yep. So if I was to click over, let's see the summary here.

So just a quick run through of this, obviously it meets some of our criteria and not all of it. So obviously my percent profitable is a little lower than what I want, but overall, if you were to look at the analysis on this very first run, it, you know, that's kind of exactly what you want to look for is that a bottom left to top right, you know, movement for your equity curve. And yes, it's had a, you know, two or three small losers or whatever recently, but that's, that's kind of what you want to see. 

And if I was to pop over to my trades here, let's see, I'll scroll down to the bottom. So let's see, this took a trade almost every single, this was almost. Yeah. 

Last week looks like mine. Oh, it looks like you're trading your, your history. Yeah. 

One, two, three, four, five in a row. Yeah. Yeah. 

And if you scroll back, you'll see there, here's four in a row. So obviously depending on how bad far you go back, but this is a, this is a default one that I always run when I'm testing kind of seven 30, you can run on a five minute chart as well with zero offset. And, and you can kind of say, okay, Wednesday and Thursday, but I'm not going to rerun that just yet, but I'm going to look at the, we're going to look at the max draw the net profits. 

So there you go. So that's all your wins. And the thing I always look at here is obviously if you're, if you're using a 1.2 profit taker, the green lines, when they're green, they're going to be taller than the red lines when they're short. 

Right. So that means you're, when you win, you win more than, than when you lose. Obviously that's kind of configured over here with the profit taker, but in this case, I don't think I, when I ran this, I don't think I optimized that. 

I do have a back test still running in my other tab. Okay. It's done. 

So if we look at our top performer would be here 4.48. What was that? Like 6,700 tests. And I got that 70% profit and all of these kind of meet my criteria, right? Max drawdown. Right. 

In this case, I'm risking $500 kind of what's default percentage profitable. Obviously this number 500, just say 500 bucks times four. So I'm looking for at least a, you know, a $2,000 gain. 

So it looks pretty solid. And in this case, we'll see what this does. This is a seven 30, even with no offset is what it's showing me here. 

If I was to scroll down a little bit more, if you, and if you have a three minute offset or a zero or an 11 or a zero, right, you guys seeing that the results that are, they're all kind of above what you would expect, even with the ones that have a thousand dollars of drawdown still far out, out, outrun the, the into the four times the four X, not four X F O R E X, but four X like that. So this times four, right, obviously all of these kind of meet that criteria. So questions on that.

I would imagine not wanting to optimize that and also the data series at the same time. You can, it's just going to exponentially give you more, a bigger workload. I don't recommend, you know, optimizing every single thing all at once, you know, like risk and max slot size and, and, and my favorite is just to set the what I originally liked was the day of the week and the data series. 

But as you guys know, any one variable input can, you can kind of find a huge, it can be a huge make or break, right. Trade trading wise, or you can get an account funded or blow it up based on one setting change. So it's really up to you, what I'm going to do.

But in this case I can, I can do the, the data series also and say, I want to test between one and 15 minute chart, right. Increment by one. Let's see. 

Start time is just going to rotate between, so start at 730 and then zero to 20, right. So in this case, it'll dynamically figure out some of the differences, right. So, so a 20 minute offset, 20 candle offset for a 15 minute chart is going to add, it's going to add several hours to the, the start time, right. 

So you can kind of cycle through that pretty quickly. But the idea here was because the start time isn't really an optimizable field. This is kind of our workaround was keep that the same, but then have it add just like count candles later on, like after the start time, that's the idea. 

And it seems to be working pretty well from, from my initial tests. For those of you just joining us, this is available now, right here in the bot links and updates right here, Snapback and Orb, it's available right there. Both of them are ready for your consumption. 

So Matt, on this one, how does the actual bot execution that occur, does it look at the, is it, is it like the push button where it starts at 730 and then just count those candles and then look at that candle to execute the bot? Exactly. Yep. Yeah, we can probably look at, let's look at some of these charts that use the offset just to kind of demonstrate. 

I got to look at this one since it has an offset in here. I was going to open this in a new tab. I go, Michael, I don't know, this big back test, it did right. 

Let's see, you got a chart and we're only doing Tuesdays. So it's going to be, let's see. Oops. 

Let's see. It's going to be one trade per day or per week. Where's my trade? And I'm on a two minute chart. 

So it's going to be a while to stiff. There we go. There's one right there.

So in this case, what we can do is use this little data box and you can see the 730 candle is right here, right? So one, two, three, and that becomes my, the signal candle. So essentially the step, so it's three candles on a three offset times three minutes to six minutes. So technically it's the same as the 736 start time, right? So what I would probably do is just set the start time to 736, save it with zero offset and just let that run. 

Again, the idea here is to make sure that you can cycle through like optimizations, that that's a field that can be optimized, right? Because this field over here, so you guys probably know this tech guys is certain fields handle certain things, right? So I can't type letters into this because it's an integer. It's a number. I can't, even if I wanted to, I'm typing AAA, it's not accepting a character, but I can type A in here, right? So it's not set up. 

So it's only set up for like alphanumeric and it doesn't recognize it as a time date field. It's just a like alphanumeric field. Is it a Boolean string? Is that what it is? No, Booleans are like true false. 

So this would be Boolean. It would be like on off. Yes. 

This would be a Boolean. I'm only vaguely familiar with programming. I know there's a word for it, but yeah. 

Yeah. Normally we would like in databases, you'd call this like a Varchar. Yeah. 

It allows what? Six, eight field, eight characters, Varchar, alphanumeric, eight characters, something like that. Yeah. But Booleans are like on, off, true, false. 

That's what these would be, check boxes would be. Yeah. But the cool part is obviously if there's numbers or we call these floats, like numerical, like decimals, these will handle decimals. 

These will handle numbers. So that's the idea. Yep. 

The other thing that we have added, I think I touched on it last time, is this entry padding where if you wanted to have like a true breakout, one tick above the entry candle, you can do that. And let's see if we can find our... Let me run it one more time and reset the chart here. So let's see if we can find my first trade, win or lose. 

We'll see if we can demonstrate this. Oops. Where are you first trade? Two minute chart. 

Once a week, it's going to be a minute. Oh, look at that run. Look at that short.

Wow. That's a good 400 points. There we go. 

Okay. So right here, if we were to look at the little data box on this, you'll see our action, our price was $19,926. You guys see that? So it's going to basically be about right here. 

When I mouse over it again, I can hold my mouse still. Okay. So that's where it's sold. 

So if I say entry padding by one, that should add 25 cents to my entry, right? Because it's a short, it would add, it'd go lower. All right. Do you guys agree? That's correct. 

So let's run one more time and the run. There we go. Let's go find it one more time.

Find that exact example and bullish trades obviously add to it. Short trades subtract a tick and that way you can have like Tracy always uses one tick and the idea is you can have a true breakout, not just the exact same to the penny level, like going above it basically. So there we go. 

Yep. So we reduced it by 25 cents. Yep. 

You guys see that? That was $19,926.00. So that's what the entry padding works. Again, it works, of course, bullish bearish, either way, but some cool things as you guys are thinking about what you want to run in August, some more things to run and optimize on. But otherwise, how's everything? I've added a few things to the run sheet with entry padding on it. 

I just kind of added a little spot that says EP and then it tells you what the entry pad. I saw somebody EP1 entry padding. I see. 

Yeah. So that's SRG, right Steve? Got it. Yeah. 

Sometimes I'm like, I'm curious what the initial, some of these don't have initials. Who knows where they came from? No one wants to own them, I guess. I don't know.

Yeah. So do you guys think this will be helpful in your back tests? Is being able to show and demonstrate, being able to show this and optimize this. So you guys are kind of cycling through some more back tests. 

Yeah. As you guys know, August is almost here. So what is that? Two more trading days, two more trading days left, and then we're getting into August. 

So let's see. And this is the post. I don't know where it went. 

I'll show it to you guys. This is a post I couldn't find earlier. So it's here, but it's hidden. 

I can't figure out where this went, but regardless, what we're looking for is we're going to start tracking some of this. So Michael sent some of his accounts that he got funded. This guy, Shane, look at this 1.25 million, five 250K accounts. 

I talked to him about it. Most people are like, I don't want to share what I'm doing because it's bad juju or something. I don't know, but can't blame the guy. 

That's happened to me before too. I share what I'm doing and it starts losing all of a sudden. But regardless, look at that five accounts in July, five 250K accounts in July. 

So pretty interesting, right? So yeah, if you guys have accounts funded, I think Brandon, you had one funded too, right? Like a 50K or something in June. Yeah, I got a 25K funded. I'm working on a 50K and two 250K accounts right now. 

When was that? The 25K, was that in June or July? It was June. Yeah. I mean, and I got it funded within about a week and a half, I think.

Okay. Got it. Yep. 

So the other, last week was a little rough though. Yeah. Just kind of a bad week. 

Yeah. I scaled back my trades to just three a week and I had two losses and one win. So just down a little bit on the week. 

No big deal, but yeah. Awesome. Peter's got a couple in May and June. 

So I know more people have gotten got accounts funded. We're just trying to track it internally for just for tracking purposes. So yeah. 

And we'll reach back in a few months and see what kind of payouts people had, or if they still have their account or like where that is. That'd be cool to kind of follow up. But all total, just from rough estimates, it's basically over $2 million was funded, about a million plus. 

It's a shame, but the rest was kind of distributed evenly, pretty evenly around the rest of the people that responded. So yeah. Pretty cool stuff. 

What else can I help you guys with as you guys are preparing for August? What questions do you have for me? You're home now, Brandon. You were in the car. Isn't technology awesome? It is. 

It's awesome. I'm trying to get on my computer now so I can have a bigger screen. Oh yeah. 

Got it. Yeah. No questions necessarily, but like send some good vibes. 

I've been, I had that one account funded in two days and then I've been trading flat essentially since then with the bots. So I'm hoping August is my month. Okay. 

Got it. Cool. Yeah. 

I've lost 11 out of 12 trades last week and this week. Dang, that's rough. Yeah. 

11 out of 12. So let's talk about that. What do you guys do when that happens? Do you scale back from, I guess you're taking some days, you're taking more than two days, two trades a day, right Michael? Well, it's two days, two trades a day, but that's last week and today I had, I got wicked out of both trades today. 

Yeah. I see. Both spots today got wicked out and then went to profit. 

Oh, right. So that would be like a solid padding kind of thing. Yeah. 

Right. Yeah. Yeah. 

And, and, you know, sometimes the difference between a eight ticks and five ticks is a, is a winning trade. It happens. It's happened to everyone.

Obviously don't just blindly change that. Make sure you run back tests. The thing you got to be careful of, of course, is like the two trades you might be looking at, they might be winners, but you might have a whole bunch of losers that then turn to winners. 

Why? Well, when you adjust the stop loss padding, that also adjusts your profit taker, right? The profit taker has to go even further distance. Right. So just be mindful of that. 

Yeah. What other questions can I help you guys with anything else? Well, you guys got some new, some new toys to play with, some new bots to run some back tests on to optimize. And I wanted to get those in your hands before we started August. 

So you guys can add that to your plans. Otherwise I'll see you guys all next week. Thanks. 

Bye.