All right. Welcome everybody. It is the, uh, backtest breakdown session, but it's no longer called that we're gonna have to change the name.

So it's just our Thursday class or a Thursday session, live session. And we're going to be talking again about the portfolio, um, packaged portfolio suite, whatever you want to call it. We're going to talk a bit more about that, answer some questions, but first a quick disclaimer, push button trading.

There's not a financial advisor. Uh, we do not tell you what to trade, how to trade or anything like that. Everything we provide is educational purposes.

This is only what you choose to do with that education is up to you. Trading has risks associated with it and be aware of that. Just be responsible. 

Don't risk more than you can afford to lose. So cause you will lose at times. So that's that. 

All right, moving on. Uh, let's start with any burdening questions for burning questions that somebody might have right now that needs to be addressed before we move on to anything else. Is there anything that somebody needs help with right this minute, just in case you end up dropping off the call? Um, whatever.

So is there anybody that has any questions? I have one, but it can wait until the end or offline. All right. Sounds good. 

Okay. Stick around to the end then. Okay. 

Anyone else? No burning questions? Not burning. Not burning. Okay.

I'll let you know if it starts burning. All right. Uh, let me just, uh, grab my workspace here.

And start sharing my screen. So let me change this over to here. Move this over here. 

Move this here. All right. Share screen, share monitor, whatever. 

Right here. Share. All right. 

You guys can all see my monitor right now. It is right here. That's my monitor. 

I'll just get rid of this guy cause we don't need it. Um, shoot. How do I get rid of that? Cause it's misshapen.

Let's go like this and let's maximize and then drag. There we go. Do we start uninstalling our bots? What's that? Should we start uninstalling our bots? Oh, okay. 

So we'll cover that first. So the, yes. Uh, I will have a package to you tomorrow or Saturday. 

I just, I just got the bots today and I have to run through, uh, the rest of them to make sure the presets are all set properly. Then I have to zip it all into a nice little clean package and send it to you. So I just got them today. 

I will be giving you guys an update, uh, the new installation package on, uh, either tomorrow or Saturday. Okay. That's, that's my timeline. 

Okay. Everyone good with that? All right. Yes.

Okay. Now the installation package that I am sending has an uninstall package that's built into it that will automatically uninstall things and install. Now I'm going to reiterate this. 

I said this on Tuesday. If, if you do your own backtesting and you have any templates that you've saved, then I encourage you to open up your Manila folder, the file explorer in windows, go to your documents folder, go to NinjaTrader 8, go to templates and then go to strategy and save these folders. Now what I'll do is I just click my mouse down drag so that they're all selected. 

I right click. I go compressed to zip folder. That's what I do. 

And then I just put in here strategy backup and then October 30th, 2025, 2025 and then I just click this, hold it and drag it onto my desktop. That's what I do. It's quick and easy.

And that way, if I need to get those files after the fact, I can, I can just access that folder. Okay. Again, this only applies if you do your own backtesting and you save your own templates.

If you are relying 100% on the portfolio stuff, you do not need to do this. Is everybody clear? Okay. I'm going to get you to all type a one in the chat.

If you all understand, I expect to see 10 ones. I've got two, three, four, five, come on, five more, six, seven, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. I've got eight.

Who are the two holdouts? Two people that are holding out. I want to make sure everybody understands what I just said. They're still in the bathroom. 

That's funny. All right. So I'm pretty sure Tim D answered. 

Yep. Okay. Brandon, did you answer? Yep.

Victor, Amanda, Paige, Clarice. All right. Okay.

Well, we're going to have to deal with that. That's fine. Svetlana did not answer. 

That's the whole. What was the question? I just turned on the computer and it totally missed it. Okay. 

The question was, is that does everybody understand that if you are what I explained? Yeah. I don't, I don't do any. Okay. 

Okay. Then you understand that. All right.

Let's move on to the next part. So the next part, when you do the installation, it's going to install the bots for you. Now what I recommend you do because it does uninstall the bots first, if you have them on your computer, I recommend after you do that first step that I just explained is to go into your tools, go to remove Ninja script and assembly and remove all the prior bots. 

I recommend that you do that. Even though I have it built into the installer, just to make sure that there is a clean install. Okay. 

Is everybody clear on that? I'll run over those steps. One more time. You go to tools, you go to remove Ninja script assembly.

You select the bot that you want to remove. So say the EMA 10, and then you click remove, wait for the message to pop up, click. Okay.

Then select the next bot. Then click remove, wait for the message to pop up, click. Okay.

And continue to repeat the process until all of the bots have been removed from your system. Then you are going to shut down Ninja trader. You're going to turn it off. 

Okay. After you turn it off, then, and only then will you install the portfolio package. You do not install that the same way that you normally would install.

What do you call it? A, a strategy. You just simply click on the installation package. So when you download it from the community, it's going to come in a zip folder. 

Okay. You'll need to unzip it first. So it'll look something like this.

Let me find my desktop. So it looks something like this, this portfolio suite. Okay.

So what you're going to do is you're right. Click, you're going to go extract all. And this little box is going to pop up and just extract it to that location. 

It'll build another folder. That's exactly the same name. So this push button portfolio suite version 10.0, there's the folder right there. 

That's unzipped. You can open it up and in here, this is not the right one. It would have an installation folder that looks like this push button install installer 10.0. Okay. 

That's what it's going to say. So it's going to look like this. And all you do is double click on it and it'll automatically start the process of installation. 

Okay. Is everybody clear on that? All right. If you are not clear on that, type a two in the chat right now, if I do not see any twos, I'm going to assume that everybody understands and I'm going to move on to the next part. 

Going once, going twice, sold. Okay. Next.

Once you install the package, then you can open up Ninja trader. Once you install or open up Ninja trader, there's likely going to be a message that pops up that says that things need to be compiled. New add-ons have been added. 

Please just follow the prompts. Click. Yes. 

Go through that process. Okay. Once you do that, all the new bots, which are all going to be labeled version 10.0 should be installed on your computer. 

Now, one caveat, I forgot to mention the beginning. You must have Ninja trader upgraded to the latest version. If you do not have the latest version, this will not work. 

Okay. So you'll have all the bots installed. And then what you'll have is in this new category right here.

So right where that menu button is right there, if you click on it, you're going to see, let me move this up so you can see it. You're going to see the new portfolio tracker, the new portfolio analyzer, and the new portfolio builder. This is the brand new versions that have been updated and are out. 

All right. Now I'm going to go over some of this again, a little bit slower with what I kind of went over on Tuesday. I'm going to do it again. 

Walk through. I've been asked to walk through the entire process. So we're going to do that.

So the first thing that you're going to want to do is you're going to want to go into the portfolio tracker. You're going to want to open it. And the reason you're going to want to open it is because right here is where you control the theme.

That is the colors of the tracker, the builder, and the analyzer. So if you want it to turn to the dark mode, you need to select dark mode right here, and then we just close it down. As soon as you restart it, it will be in the dark theme.

If you want it to be a light theme, just click this. It should default to light, but if it's the light, then just leave it. Okay. 

But that's what you do. You just select the theme and this theme carries over to all three add-ons. Okay, good.

So we'll cover the tracker again later. So now you have everything installed, ready to go. The portfolio package that I'm sending you is all in Pacific time. 

You have two options to deal with that. You can work with everything in Pacific time, which is perfectly fine. And when you want to go live, you would need to change whatever strategy at that time to your local time, if you choose to do so. 

That's option number one. Option number two is you can actually go into NinjaTrader, go to tools, go to settings, and right here under time zone, you can actually change the time zone to Pacific. And then you don't have to change anything.

You can just use everything that I'm sending you as is the way it is. Okay. Your choice of how you want to do it.

Once you've got all that determined and set out and you're ready to start picking a portfolio. The first thing that you're going to do is go to new, go to portfolio builder. That's the very first thing that you are going to work in.

This is your starting place. Now in the portfolio builder, you have two filters up top right here. One filter is for the mini one filters for the micro.

You can choose to use them if you want. If you are on smaller accounts, I encourage you right off the bat to just check off the micro. Don't even bother working with the minis because you're not using enough of a risk.

You need to have at least $500 of risk per trade that you'd want to be working with the minis. And a lot of them are 750 or a thousand. Okay. 

So leave it up to you. If you want to sort it out, just click on the micro and all that's going to show up in here are the micro settings. Okay. 

The next part of the builder is this piece right here. This piece here allows you to customize the order. Okay. 

Cause this is all ranked. These are all ranked from top, like the best strategy to the worst strategy, worst performing strategy based on specific criteria. That criteria is determined right here.

So this allows you to customize your own preferences of how you want the data sorted net profit. As an example, if we were to, and this has to total 100%. Okay.

So if we were to change this to 100 and then everything else to zero and then hit refresh, it's going to resort all of this data. Now what you're seeing here is the very top one has the best net profit of all the strategies. And as you go down, that net profit gets lower and lower and lower. 

Okay. We all understand that the same with the max drawdown. The top one would be the lowest drawdown.

The low, the bottom one would be the highest drawdown because we would value the lowest drawdown, right? Profit factor would rank by profit factor, percent profitability, profit per month and win loss ratio. So you can combine this however you like. And I encourage you, play around with it, do different things.

Why do I like having these filters in place? Because I don't want everybody trading exactly the same thing. That would be silly. Okay.

We wouldn't have the vol or we wouldn't be able to get the volume. It would be just, it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be good. So create some variety, create some diversity in our community and get your creative juices flowing.

Plus this makes it far more universal and adaptable for a variety of different funded accounts, cash accounts, personalities, risk tolerances, all that. Okay. So give me, um, some suggestions on, you know, what, what kind of weight do you want to put in here? Give me a, give me some ideas of how you'd want to disperse this a hundred percent.

Let's let's play around with this. What are some thoughts? Nice. Kristen, I see a 2.5. Does that mean you didn't understand something? You can turn your mic on. 

You're good. Okay. All right.

So type in some percentages here of 40, 40, 20. Okay. Thank you, Tim. 

40, 40, and 20. Okay. So we're going to do 40, 40, 20. 

We're going to hit refresh. All right. So we've got our new ranking based on 40, 40, 20.

So what we're going to do is we just start with the very first spot. We're going to click it. And the list of the strategies are going to be listed right over here as we add them. 

Now, as soon as we listed those, these other ones turned red, I cannot click on them. It won't, it won't allow me to do that. And that's taking out any conflicting strategies that, that will conflict with the very first strategy that I, I picked.

This is an important part. Okay. You tell us what those abbreviations mean, which abbreviations, the one in here.

Yeah. The PF and the PM and the WL right here. Yeah.

Profit factor. Okay. So the profit factor is a, um, that's like, um, a 2.2 0 profit factor.

So for every dollar you risk, you end up getting $2 back if you had a 2.0. Um, so it's just the profit profit factor you're ranking. It's a, it's a kind of rank. So on a, if we, um, look at a strategy, so I pull up the strategy analyzer, actually, sorry, I got one right here.

So right here, you can see the profit factor that's profit factor. So we know what that amount is in this particular case. It's 1.8, which means for every dollar you, uh, risk roughly, you're making an 8 cents kind of thing. 

It's a, it's a one to 1.8. As long as it's greater than one, you're profitable. Okay. With the three month tests that we were teaching originally, we'd like to see that above two. 

Um, but that's what that means. So profit factor, the other one right here is percent profitability. Okay. 

So what we're doing is we're ranking this category off of a back test, which is right here, percent profitable. So that means how often do we win? Right now, a lot of these strategies are going to be less than 50%. Yet.

They're all pop. They're all profitable. Why? Because they lose small, win big. 

So don't worry about it. That's a, that's a something that you need to be prepared for and understand and know when you're looking at your analyzed results, that this percent profitable, even at 39%, you're still profitable. That's why you're, you're getting to see the whole thing. 

You see what the profit is. But what this does is allows you to set proper expectations, because if you only win 39% of the time, that means you lose 61% of the time. Right. 

So does 61% of the week is what, how many days of the week is 61% three days, maybe. Right. Okay. 

So is it possible to have three losing days in a week? Does it mean that this, the strategy doesn't work? Does it mean that you're not profitable? No. Okay. So just setting proper expectations. 

So that's percent profitability. Okay. Okay. 

The profit per month. So that is the average profit per month. So that might be something that you're trying to target.

So if you want the profit per month to be something that, that you want higher ranking on, then you would select that. And then the win loss ratio, that is the the dollar amount compared to the win. So if you win $500 on average and you lose 250, you've got a two to one ratio.

Okay. Makes sense. Amanda, you good? Yes. 

Thank you. Perfect. Awesome. 

Okay. So we selected our first bot, and now we're going to select the second best bot, which is this guy right here. And we're just going to continue to do that and select all of the available green ones. 

And notice as we collect, click them more and more turn red because it's removing all of the conflicting results. So we're going to click all of them, every last one of them, and that's it. That takes care of all of them. 

So based on this ranking, these are the bots that have been selected. Okay. So now what we can do is we can hit save template and we're going to save this template as the, uh, the 40, 40, 20 batch, October 30th.

2025 just for reference. Okay. So we save 12 strategies.

I'm going to close that and I'm now going to move over to the strategy or the portfolio analyzer. Excuse me. That's this guy right here. 

Portfolio analyzer. Now this is where it gets really cool. So the first thing was just finding that correlation, make making sure we didn't have any correlation and waiting are waiting our options for our ranking. 

Now we're going to get into the magic part. So we're going to go where it says portfolio template. We're going to select the arrow and we're going to look for that 40, 40, 20 batch 30, October 2025.

And we're going to click on that and then we're going to hit load template. So now it just loaded 11 of 12 strategies successfully. Okay, so there we go.

We have the strategies successfully loaded. Okay. Now there's one missing and I don't know why it's probably because I'm not done testing yet. 

And so I probably don't have the file that I need for it. So that'll all be sorted out by the time you get this, but 12 of them should have been in here, but we're going to have 11 strategies. Now this portfolio as is without making any modifications to it over the last three and a half years, it's made $160,000, $150,000, $160,507.

It had a total drawdown of $2,723. Okay. Now if you're doing a 150 or $200,000 account, this works right off the bat without even having to do anything.

And it has a net average monthly profit of $3,489. Okay. But it's a little bit too high.

That $2,723 is a little too high for a $50,000 account, right? Because the max drawdown for that is only $2,500. Now this amount, all of these numbers include commissions. So it's already taken to effect the commissions at Apex. 

Okay. So this, all these numbers are after commissions have been included. So you don't have to worry about that part of it.

Now I would like you to see some additional things that I've added. So these were not in the original. These are in the new one.

One of them is average winning days per month. So I'm putting these in here so that you have an idea about expectations once again. So this particular portfolio has an average of 12.9 winning days per month.

Okay. Has an average of 7.7 losing days per month. Now this is days. 

Okay. Not trades, but actual days per month. Now there's typically 22 trading days in a month.

So that's kind of where we're getting, getting this, but this is calculating it based on it's taking all the real numbers and then dividing it and giving you an average. The average winning days per week. Okay.

Is three winning days per week. And the average losing days per week is two. So I've provided these for you for a few little benchmarks.

The other thing that I've added in here is the average dollar winning day. So your average winning day on this portfolio is about $444 and 11 cents. Doesn't mean you can't win more. 

This is an average. Okay. And the average losing day is $292 and 23 cents.

That's your average losing day. Okay. Now you can see that we have more winning days than we have losing days, which is why this is a profitable portfolio. 

Okay. The next thing that we can do right off the bat is we can say, okay, well, you know what, this is great. This is three and a half years of data.

Let me see how this performs just in 2025. So I can go up to the date range and I can change the date range from January of 2022. I can just go right up to 2025, click January and January 1st.

Now I'm looking at the equity curve of this portfolio just in this year. Now, how does that change? Well, we've made $37,000 so far this year and we've had a drawdown of 2,600. Okay. 

Again, not suitable for the 50K account, but your average winning days per month has actually been higher because the other one was 12.2. This one is 13.5. So you're getting a little bit higher, but your average losing day is actually bigger too. Okay. So just some, some thoughts for you to, to consider when you're looking at these numbers. 

Now, your monthly average monthly income has actually been higher in the month of or the year of 2025. So the overall average was only 34. Now it's 37.40. Okay. 

That's pretty, that's pretty good. So you've done some analysis. You like the work.

Let's make it more functional for a 50K account. Okay. So we have 11 strategies.

The first thing that we can do is actually go over to this portfolio generator. So we're going to zip over to the portfolio generator. Now what this does is it takes the 11 strategies and it goes through every possible combination of those strategies based on the criteria that you place in here.

And then it spits out the possibilities of what would meet that criteria. That would take you hours, if not days to put all these different combinations together. And this will do it in a matter of seconds.

So let's say that we want the max threshold to be less than 2,500 and we'll put it 2,400 just to give ourselves an extra cushion. Okay. And remember all of this includes commissions.

So we want the max threshold to be 2,400 and we're just going to leave the minimum average monthly gain at a thousand dollars for now. And we're going to say the minimum strategies we want is two and the max is going to be a 10 cause that's the max it can handle without crashing the computer. Okay.

And then what we're going to do is we're going to click generate portfolio and you see how quick that was. It found 1,166 portfolio combinations that meet the criteria. All right. 

So what we could do quickly is say, okay, well average monthly gain, let's right off the bat, let's just sort by the average monthly gain. Say, okay, there's lots that are under or that are over 3,000. So we want 2,400 as the max drawdown and we want $3,000 as our minimum.

Okay. There we go. We now have portfolios that are structurally designed to, to meet the criteria needed to pass a 50 K funded account in 30 days in one month without hitting the drawdown.

Now big, huge caveat just because historically it is shown an average that it wouldn't doesn't mean that is guaranteed to pass in a month or not fail in a month. I want everybody to type a one in the chat that if you understand that there are 11 people not including or including me. So the, I expect 10 ones, one, two, three, four, fives, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. 

Perfect. Everybody understands. Excellent.

Okay. So now you're going to see a ranking. This ranking is based on the ratio between the drawdown and the max gain, the max monthly gain and spitting out which one has the best ratio.

So a combination of the lowest drawdown also with the best profitability, the monthly profitability. So any one of these will work, but the best compared like ratio between the drawdown and the average is, is a, is the top one. And you can see the very first one here.

Look at that max drawdown is only 1562 but yet it just squeaked over that $3,000 mark, right? Now, if you drop it down just for an extra cushion, number two is sitting right here. Okay. You have, you have 1700 of max drawdown so far and $3,334 of profit.

All right. So let's say that we want to analyze, you know, these first two a little deeper. What you can do is you just click save and we're going to say that this is the you know, the 40, 40, 20 October 30th, 2025 option one. 

Okay. And I'm going to just going to copy that so I don't have to type it out again. There we go. 

We save that. And I'm going to save this guy too. And I'm going to just going to paste this and I'm going to say option number two. 

Okay. So now what we could do is we could actually go over to the portfolio overview once again, and we're going to look at the option number one and we're going to load the template. Here we go. 

So here's the template here. Made a total of $30,499 had a $1,562 drawdown. It averages 11 winning days a month, 7.7 losing days a month, 2.7 winning days a week, 2.1 losing days a week.

It has an average winning day of $417 and an average losing day of $212. It's really good for you to see this. Okay.

Just to get proper expectations. Now the win ratio on this, the win percent is 46% of the time. It's almost 50, 50, but it's like 46 to 50, 54.

So 54% of the time you're going to lose and 46% of the time you're generally going to win. Okay. Now these are again, averages, not guarantees, but you can again, take a look at this portfolio.

You can see that we had a flat period during probably 2022, 2023 towards the end, but otherwise it's been pretty steady growth. And sorry, I've got this on 2025. So this was about March, but other since March, it's been pretty steady growth. 

Okay. If we took this portfolio back to the 2022, we could see what it would look like from the beginning and that's pretty steady. Right? Okay.

So now what you can do is you go over to the individual strategies and you can actually sort by clicking on the strategies and you can take a look at all of these strategies a little bit more. You can dive in and, and evaluate, is there anything that you don't like? Is there any time? Because this is important too. If you are not running on a VPS, it's important for you to take a look at this strategy to see, okay, well, is this operating at times where I'm going to be awake to turn this on? Now, when you look at this, here's the start times, here's the end times, here's the close times. 

Now, what this means the start time is the time when it's going to start looking for a trade. The end time is the time it's no longer going to look for any trades. It's not going to enter into any new trades after this time, but it will keep any open trades open.

Okay? So if you're in an existing trade already, it'll stay open. It won't close at the end time. The end time is just the window of stop entering me into any new trades.

The close time is the time when it says, Hey, start exiting me out of these trades, close it down. I'm done for the day. Okay? So if you're not running off of a VPS, that's running 24 hours a day, you need to take a look at this start time and time close time and make sure that you're awake for all of that. 

Is that a net profit over three years? Yes, it was. Okay. That net profit right now, this is all over three years. 

Okay. So the combined portfolio is right here, one 16 that is based off of three and a half actually goes back to January of 2022. So almost four years of data. 

Okay. And like I said, if you want to just see the, the 2025 to just change the filter and you'll change it to 2025. Okay.

So the next thing is you've got your order. Now you can see what bots so that you can say, okay, well I'm interested in trading this one. Okay. 

Maybe I'm not, maybe I want to look at the other one first. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to jump over to the option number two and I'm going to load the results. So now I'm looking at option number two instead of option number one. 

So again, we jump over here, take a look at this. Let's look at the 2025. We are already. 

So this is just 2025 results in 2025. It made 33,000 so far. It had a total drawdown of 1700 and it's got an average monthly gain of $3,334.

Okay. So that's a little higher. The other one only had 3000 average monthly gain.

This gives you a little bit of cushion to probably try and get in to squeak in before before the reset. Okay. You've got an average losing day of 253 and an average winning day of 403 and again, 12.8 average winning days per month and 7.2 losing days per month with three winning days per week and 2.1 losing days per per week. 

Okay. So let's assume that you like this particular strategy. Okay. 

How many people like this strategy? Yes. Okay. So then the first thing that if you're going to run this strategy, then I need you to do the following. 

This is only if you're going to run it. If you're not going to run it, you don't need to do this. If you're going to run this strategy, make sure that you set it to 2022 so that we have all the data. 

Okay. There's other filters that we can use later, but set it to 2022. So we have all the data from 2022 to now.

And then what you're going to do is you're going to go to export portfolio. You're going to click on export portfolio, and then you're going to name it. And you're going to name it with this convention and this convention only do not name it anything else portfolio and then space and then whatever the number is. 

So let's say number one, or maybe you want to name it number two or five or 10 or 20. I have a hundred of them saved so far. Okay. 

So I've got, I'm up to a hundred, but let's just assume it's portfolio one. You would name it portfolio one and then you would click. Okay. 

Okay. Now I'm going to name it. I'm 33. 

Cause I've already got a one, I think. Actually I'm going to name it. Yeah. 

I'll name it 33. No. Yeah. 

Yeah. I'll name it 33. Okay. 

So I'm going to name it 33 portfolio, 33, and I'm going to click. Okay. Okay. 

So that's taken care of next. What you can do is you go into your individual strategies and click on the strategy name. So it sorts it. 

Okay. So it's by number. And now what you need to do is you need to go over to your strategies tab.

Inside of Ninja trader. And then what you need to do is you need to right click, go new, go to push button. And then we're looking at mega snap.

That's the very first spot right here. So mega snaps. So we're looking for the mega snap, mega snap back right here.

And what we're going to do is we're going to go to template. We're going to go load and we're going to load number 84. And these are all numbered for easy. 

Fine. So there's number 84. We're going to click load. 

Okay. So it automatically pulls in all the settings, everything that you need to do. Next, what you're going to do is you're going to scroll down and right here, where it says tag, you're going to leave everything here.

This is already preset. I predefined these. This is bought number 84. 

Okay. It's already set. And this base strategy do not change it. 

It's already set. But what you do need to change is this number right here. You highlight the number and we're going to put 33 because we're running portfolio number 33. 

Okay. I need you to do that. The next thing that you're going to do is you're going to scroll down and you're going to change your account and you're going to set it to whatever account you want to run at. 

I'm going to let this run on SIM because I'm not going to change it. That's all you need to do. And then you click. 

Okay. So now the bots there next, we're going to go to the mega snap 86. We're going to repeat the process, right? Click new strategy, go to push button, go to mega snap back, go to template, load 86 right there.

Click load again. The template has already been taken care of. There's number 86. 

Everything's taken care of. Highlight the number, click 33 because this is portfolio number 33. Okay. 

Now, if you want to, because you notice over here where it says strategy right here, they're all going to say the same. So if you want to, as just a shortcut, you can do this if you want, and you can name this however you want. But if you want to make an adjustment right here, where it says label, that's what controls that. 

And if you want, you can change it. So what I do is I put in my space bar right in front of here, and then I will do, I'll do 086 cause I put the same thing and then I do dash and then I'll do P or portfolio 33 and then dash again. And that way I can quickly see what portfolio it belongs to and what bot it belongs to.

I've said before I needed you to do this for one of the things that I was building, but I had to abandon that and make an adjustment. That's why there's this new tagging system that's in here. This is what's important for that. 

This is just for your own reference. Okay. Is everyone clear? Yep. 

Yes. No. Yes. 

Okay. Perfect. All right.

So what we're going to do is we're going to click. Okay. So now you see how it shows up 086 P33 and then mega snaps.

So now I know that that's bought 86. It's the mega snap. So I know which, which strategy it has to do with.

I know how to find it and I know that it's part of portfolio 33. Okay. So that's just a quick reference. 

So we're going to do one more of these. We're going to repeat the process. We're going to go to the next one, which is the mega scalp. 

We're going to right click, go new, go to push button, go to mega scalp, and then we're going to go template load. And we're looking for one 48. So one 48 is sitting right there.

So we're going to click one to 48 and click load. And again, scroll down here. There's setting ID. 

We're going to change the number to 33. And if we want to Mark this, we can go, Oh, uh, sorry. One four eight, one four, eight dash P three, three dash and then hit. 

Okay. Okay. So we've, we've added the strategy. 

We've checked the, um, the settings, the tag settings. We have, um, we have made sure that we put it on the right account and then we've renamed it in the label section for our own reference if we wanted to. So can we append something at the end of the label? You can do whatever you want with the label. 

Now. I don't, it doesn't matter. Okay. 

The label is strictly for you. Okay. So you can, you can do whatever you want.

I've given you a shortcut just to make it easy to see it. Um, but yeah, you're welcome to do that, whatever you want. All right.

So now we have the three strategies and we would keep repeating the process until all the strategies are installed. Now Pete Converse, who is just a wonderful man, love working with him all the time. He just always brings me some really cool shortcuts.

So you can easily get 30, 40, 50, 60. I've got 40 some strategies that are running in my analyzer or in my, uh, in my control center. So this gets pretty full.

It's really time consuming to go through and enable, enable, enable, enable, enable, enable. So what you do, click the first one, click your shift button on your keyboard, click the last one and you are now selecting all of them. Then what you do is you right click and you go enable and it enables all of them at once. 

Ooh, you want to disable same thing, right? Click disable. Boom. You want to remove them, right? Click, click, remove all at once. 

Thank you very much. Peter Converse, everybody owes you about, I don't know, 7,000 hours of their time because you just saved everybody that much time for the rest of their life. So yes. 

Okay. All right. That's awesome. 

Okay. So that's a little shortcut for that. So yes. 

Enable, disable. There you go. All right.

Is everyone clear on the process up to now we've gone through, we've installed everything, we've gone to the builder, we've selected the strategies that we want to work with, that we want to start building a portfolio with. And we've done the builder first to remove any conflicts. Okay.

We've now gone to the analyzer, the portfolio analyzer. We've looked at the strategies, we've analyzed what the drawdown is versus the, the, the the net profit, et cetera. And we've determined whether or not that would meet the criteria that we're looking for, for the account that we are trading.

If you are not trading in a funded account, it, you may have more liberty in picking some of these strategies and picking some of these portfolios because you don't have a drawdown to contend with. So once we've done that, we've gone over to the portfolio generator inside of the analyzer and we've come up with some options. Okay. 

Now there are many different options in here. So if you have multiple different accounts, you can trade a different portfolio on each of those accounts. Once you get it all set up pretty straightforward.

Now my preference is to actually do that versus copy trading. Okay. And the reason that my preference is to do that versus copy trading is it creates even more diversity in your account. 

Okay. Okay. But there's a limit.

I'd only do it to like maybe three or four accounts. And then after that, I would start copy trading. So if you end up with more than four accounts, then you can start adding accounts to each one of these portfolios that you then copy trade to. 

Okay. Stagger when you're entering those, like when you're adding those accounts, so that you don't start the portfolio all at the same time on the same account. Okay.

Is there a limit or a reason why you'd only go three or four instead of just having, you know, five or six or more different portfolios to... Yeah. If you want to have five or six, it's all about maintaining. And as I've said many times before, because I did this even with the three months stuff, it's about your time spent in monitoring and managing your portfolios because you're still at the end of the week. 

And at the end of the month, you still need to do something. You still need to deal with it. Now I've built in some pretty cool tools to speed that up, but it's really about being able to monitor everything. 

That's it. So you may have more time and find five is fine. You may have less time and find five is fine.

You may have more time and find 20 is fine. You may find that you you're so busy that you can only manage one. And that's totally up to you. 

Okay. There is no right way of doing this. It's what can you handle? What can you keep control of and what do you like? Okay. 

So there's a variety of different reasons and different things and it's, it suits all of those. There's no one size fits all here. Okay.

But just know that there are many different options that are sitting inside of here that would satisfy the conditions that you're looking for for a portfolio. So that's pretty cool. Right? Okay.

So now you have a port, you have a portfolio that you're running, you have a portfolio that you're running. You like it. We can close that down. 

We don't need it anymore. You've exported it. You've named it correctly. 

Okay. So now the next tool that we have is your portfolio tracker. Now the portfolio tracker does need at least a week's worth of data to be of real value. 

Now I did cover this in the last, in Tuesday's class, but I'll go over it again in sequence. When you open up the tracker, you do have a date filter so that you can look at your results if you wanted to from the start date is the beginning of the month to the end of the month. That's the default. 

So it'll come in here. If you just want to look at less information, you can do that. Okay.

If you just want to see the last day, you can do that. If you do want to see the last three days, you can do that. Now I've been running some tests on this computer just to see how it would run and work and things like that. 

So you get that month view right here. Okay. The month or sorry, the week view, this is the weekly view.

So remember you can look, this is listing all the portfolios. So you've got portfolio 40 portfolio 42. Okay.

And you get the weekly profit. Now remember on the analyzer we had what's the average daily profit and what's the average daily gain or sorry, the average daily loss and the average daily gain. So one of the things that I would like to do during the week or at the end of the week is just go through and look at these portfolios and see, are they in range with those expected average monthly loss or weekly, sorry, daily losses and our average daily gains.

And if there's nothing that stands out, like if we had an average daily gain of 400 and I see a profit of like $7,000 that's a red flag. If I have an average losing day of $232 and I see a red data and our portfolio here, that's $1,600 that's a red flag. Okay. 

These are, these are the anomalies that you need to be looking for. All right. And if those types of anomalies show up, that's your moment that says, Hey, I need to do more investigation here. 

Okay. Don't just keep running in and then blame it and say, Oh, it blew an account. That's your due diligence. 

Okay. So the other view that we have here is a more zoomed out and this is the monthly view. So you can just take a look and see overall, how's your portfolio performing month over month. 

Okay. And you can scroll back. This is going to keep history.

So if you want to see how your previous months did, you can definitely do that. Okay. Just remember if you are looking at previous months, you're going to have to load the data up because we don't, the filter will keep it from showing. 

So if you want to see an earlier date, just go back to like here and then hit refresh. And if there is any, I don't have any trades earlier because I wasn't running this at the time. Then you would see, you would see stuff back in August and July. 

Okay. So this is a tool for you to keep track of your performance. Now in the trades and PNL, this is an actual list of all the trades that you're taking. 

Okay. And it is a list of the your daily PNL on each of them and the actual trades that got taken during that, that day. Okay. 

Then we've got performance now performance here. This is your live performance versus historical performance. All right. 

So remember when we exported that portfolio, that export is what we're looking at here. So if you don't export it, then you're not going to have anything to look at here. Okay.

So if we look in this area right here, test portfolio, number 33, there's the test portfolio number 33. We haven't traded on it. But we have, we have the live performance here.

Now what I want you to be aware, very aware of this is defaulted, the supply data filter. It's, it's defaulted to that. Now what that does is it averages the values over here to be relative to what you see here. 

That way, if you're, you're looking at your last week of trading, you're looking at an average weekly performance. So you can compare apples to apples. You're not looking at a three and a half year or four year back test results and trying to figure out, is it working or isn't work? Is it not working? You're looking at actual average. 

Okay. The average performance in the same timeframe as you're viewing your results. Is everybody clear on that? Okay.

Before I continue, does anyone have any questions? Yeah. So this only works on the version 10 bots. So the tracker is only going to start with the version 10 bots.

Is there anything else we should do to our database to clean it up ahead of time? It's just going to ignore all the current trades that we're taking right now, right? It's going to ignore everything. And if at any time you want to reset it, you click this reset tracker and it's going to reset. Everything is going to clear the entire database back to zero.

And then start from that moment on. Yep. And then start from that moment on.

And if we do something, I haven't had to reset my database in a while, but if we do something like that, it'll handle that or whatever. If you have to reset your database, like what do you mean? Yeah. The Ninja database.

Okay. So this has nothing to do with that. So what this does is this, when you get this installed on your computer, there's going to be a light DB, light database. 

That's going to be installed on your, on your computer at the same time. That's what's storing the data. So the only way that you're going to lose this data is if you actually uninstall Ninja trader, because it'll uninstall, it'll uninstall that light DB. 

It'll disappear. So it's reading the log files to get all this information, right? That's correct. Yep. 

And it's storing it in here. And then it's storing it in some CSV files that are also locally stored on your computer. So there's a combination of the three and it's using it's using all that to, there's a lot of stuff that's happening behind the scenes to to build this out.

Okay. All right. Thanks.

And actually that's one thing that I need to explain here because the installation package that you're going to get is, we cannot install this portfolio tracker the way that I'm installing everything else. This is this portfolio tracker. You do have to install the normal way.

So when you do the installer, it's going to come up with a message saying the next step is to install the portfolio tracker and you're going to have to go into Ninja trader and you're going to have to go to import Ninja script assemblies and then select the portfolio tracker. It's going to dump it on your desktop so that you know where to where to find it. The installer is going to do that.

Now the reason that it has to do that is because I'd have some reference files that are in here that reference to that database. And the only way that we can put them in the right place is to let Ninja trader do it. Okay. 

So that's why it has to be imported. I can't, I can't place it anywhere else. So there's no other way for me to do it. 

Okay. So are you saying there's an extra step after we run the executable initially? Yes. But, but the executable is going to tell you that it's going to come up with a message saying this is the next step. 

All right. Yep. Okay.

I forgot to mention that. And the bots, do we still need to install the bots? Even, I mean, I know, I know. Do we need to like import it? That's what I mean. 

I know you said that. Nope. Nope. 

The installer is going to do all of it for you. So it's going to give you the latest bots. It's going to give you all the latest portfolio stuff.

The only thing that you will have to install is this portfolio tracker. Okay. So I've taken a, like a 12 step process and turned it into a two step process for you.

And this is getting streamlined. It is. Okay.

This is awesome. All right. So now, like I said, we've got live performance compared to historical performance and we've made it relative. 

So it makes sense. The next step is you can then use that information. It's already calculated for you.

And this has been calculated based on typical deviation patterns. So there's mathematical equations that, that are, are working in the background to assess how certain things move away from patterns and where they become a problem. Okay.

So it's built into this already. So if we go to the health part right here and let me actually change this to portfolio, let's go 42. I don't have that exported. 

Okay. Let's go 40. There we go. 

Okay. So we've got 40. So let's let's see. 

And that, that, that hasn't performed very well. Okay. So let's and let's just look, Oh, cause we're going from July. 

So let's do, let's just do the last week. Let's do the last two weeks. We'll go there and we'll go load. 

Okay. So we're comparing the last 12 days to, to here. Okay. 

Now this is an average. This is not what the last 12 days should have done. This is an average weekly.

So we're looking at the performance here versus here. Now I wasn't trading this every single day. It was intermittent.

I would throw it on the account every once in a while. I would trade it sometimes because I've been testing, I'm using two live accounts to test two different things, because when I trade or test it on a SIM account, I get one type of results, but I don't run into half the problems that you guys run into until we put it on a live account. So I have a couple of live accounts that I'm working with just to test these things out and see how they work. 

I could care less if they blow up. I don't care. It's just a matter to, to test them.

So I've been running them and maybe we have enough data. So right now we're comparing 12 days. I'm going to go to the health check and I don't have enough data in there.

I need at least a week's worth of data and I haven't been trading in enough, but what it'll do is for each of the portfolios. Okay. So every one of these and actually, yeah, I've got the date set from the 19th to the 30th.

I don't have enough, enough data in any one of these to actually get anything showing up. But what's going to do is it'll show green, amber or red in each of these categories. Okay.

Now the underlying math is looking at the benchmark of how it's deviating from the average. And, and there's, there's a, there's a range. It's within normal deviation patterns. 

And if it exceeds that normal deviation, then it's going to turn amber. And if it exceeds by like two deviations, then it's going to show a red. Now one red isn't a big deal.

The more you get, the worse it's getting. The portfolio is failing. So this category right here is action and it's looking for, if you get like, you know, two, two ambers in a row or two ambers in a red or whatever, or three ambers, that it's going to give you a thing that says, Hey, you need to, you need to do some research.

You need to do some investigating because this is not performing very well. It's starting to deviate too much. If too many reds show up, it's going to say, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa.

This has gone too far. Now you need to stop this portfolio. Okay.

So there's some warning that are going to be in place here. Now I'm hoping that by tomorrow I'll have enough data in here that I can actually get to make sure and confirm that this is actually working. So if not, I'm going to release it and it'll have to get fixed in the next update.

If it doesn't actually work, it was working until I asked it to, until I made the change to have that set data to have enough data. Okay. Cause comparing one day at a time doesn't make any sense.

So I wanted to have a minimum amount of data in there before it actually says anything. Cause there's too many people that would look at this going, Oh no, it says red, red, red. I just started the portfolio. 

I need to stop it. Right. So that's why I want that minimum.

I want there to be some reasonable expectations in place. Okay. So that's the walkthrough from beginning to end.

Are there any questions? Okay. I'll shoot. I just want to have the computer ready.

I've just removed the bots. Well, now we paste, copied them to the dashboard. I'm just trying to follow the steps and then be ready for when you're like, okay, download everything.

And what I have on there now is the most recent everything as far as I'm concerned, but what should I just not have on there right now? Or you just uninstall the bots. Do not have the bots. Yep. 

Okay. I'll get to this other stuff when I finally get going again. Cause I literally just got going and then everything just changed.

Yep. I hear you. So just uninstall all the bots.

That's all you need and just make sure you've you've updated Ninja trader, correct? Yep. Okay. So just uninstall the bots and leave it there.

And then the installation package will install everything you need. And then it'll give you instructions to install this tracker. And then from there, you just need to follow the procedure that I just laid out in this video from beginning to end of going through the builder.

Selecting your, your strategies that you want to look into, go to the analyzer, build your portfolio, save it, export it, and then, and then add your strategies to the strategy to here. Okay. To the strategies tab.

Then it's just a matter of enabling and disabling, and then using the tracker on a weekly and monthly basis to determine the health of your portfolio. Okay. Now one more disclaimer, I've built the health into the tracker for your convenience. 

However, it is not a replacement for your due diligence. Okay. I am not going to tolerate individuals that call me and say, Hey, my portfolio blew up or I didn't do what it was supposed to do. 

And you know, the tracker didn't say to turn it off or whatever. Right. So that's the disclaimer.

You're responsible for the decisions that you make. You're responsible for, you know, managing your portfolio. I'm giving you as many tools as I possibly can to help make that process easy.

But in no way does it take responsibility off of you. Is that fair? Yes. Awesome. 

All right. I actually had a quick question about like removing bots if we're in the other community too, and we have the volume profile and all that, is that fine to leave on there or are we going to have to reinstall that? No, no, you're all good. Yep. 

Yep. All right, cool. Now this is only going to deal with the bots that have to do with the push button, right? Okay. 

Yep. So the push button will be left alone. There'll be nothing there.

So it's literally looking for a mega scalper, any version and taking it off, mega snapback, any version and taking it off. So, yeah. But like I said, I prefer if you would just manually do that just in case I'm building it into the installer just as a safety precaution.

But it's, uh, it's just to make sure that there's a clean, clean install. I would much rather you do it yourself. Plus it's good habit because you guys need to remember how to do it and how to install. 

So yeah. Okay. Awesome. 

Thank you. All right. Any other questions? Tracy, isn't, um, the best like percentages to set in the builder to kind of like start small, like for example, if I wanted to find like something that can grow small over time, like to start on the PA accounts or is that the same exact process? Same exact process. 

Yep. It's exactly the same process. If you want, if you want to get smaller drawdown, then get smaller drawdown that'll automatically bring the growth smaller.

Okay. Um, now that leads me to another thing. Here's what else I asked you on Monday to cover.

Well, I'm going to cover this right now. Cause I, I keep forgetting it. So we brought in a strategy. 

Okay. These strategies are already set. This particular strategy has a hundred dollar risk.

Do not under any circumstances, change the risk. Okay. Do not, do not mess with everything. 

Right. With all the stats and everything. Okay.

It messes with everything. If you decide, uh, what about the account dashboard and protection? I don't. Yep.

You can leave those there. Okay. Leave them on.

So, but do not under any circumstances, change the risk. These portfolios are meant to be run like this. Okay. 

If you change the risk, you change the strategy. 100%. Okay. 

So you might as well rerun it. Make sure that you go through your whole due diligence if you do change it. Okay. 

So if you do change this, then what I would recommend you do is you save that as a whole different strategy. So what you would do is you would change it, run the test, and then go into your, um, save and, and save it in here with a different number, of course, but with the same kind of configuration, but that that's one part of it. Cause you need to export a bunch of stuff.

So I, I really encourage you to just not do any of that. I encourage you to just keep it run it as is basically. Yes.

Now, if you want to trade this portfolio on a bigger account or a smaller account, then use the trade copier, put this on a SIM account and then use the multiplier in the trade copier to increase the risk that way. Okay. So do not increase the risk here.

You increase the risk through the trade copier. So if you want to use $300 risk, or you just, you want to just triple the portfolio on average. Okay.

Then you just trade this portfolio with three time or three X copied. Okay. I want to make that very, very, very clear.

The other thing that I want to make clear is in the strategy or in this portfolio, some of them might be $50 risk. Some of them might be a hundred dollar risk. Some of them might be $250 risk. 

Okay. You're doing the micros we've done all the way up to 500. You could get a mix of risk inside of all of this. 

Don't worry about that. Don't change it. They don't need to be the same.

The portfolio is working the way it is. And basically what's happening is when you have one strategy that's working with $50 risk, and you have another strategy that's working with $200 risk, what's happening is that $200 risk is hedging. It's being, it's being head.

There's, there's actually more, more weight going to that $200 strategy than there is the $50. It has more weight in your portfolio. So there's, there's some form of, of hedging or, or perform, perform portfolio displacement that's being taken care of with risk. 

Does that make sense? So what matters is if we go back to the portfolio analyzer and I load up portfolio 33, oh, I didn't save it. Okay. That's fine. 

Let's just go portfolio 38. I'm going to load this. So what matters here is your average, move that out of the way, your average losing trade.

So where's that right here? Average losing trade. This is, that's your risk that you're using. So $163 and 12 cents.

That's your average loss. So that's your risk that you're using across the portfolio. Roughly.

Some are going to be 50. Some are going to be a hundred. Some are going to be two 50. 

Does that make sense to everybody? It's no different than you go into your bank and you're, and you want a mutual fund and your bank says, okay, well, we're going to put you 20% in cash and we're going to put you 15% in equities and we'll put you 30% in, in foreign whatever it might be. There's a weighting that happens, but the portfolio performs based on the portfolio. So we're looking at the portfolio as a whole, not the individual strategies. 

Okay. Hopefully that makes everything clear. Yeah, definitely. 

So I actually had a question that brought up another question, Tracy. So I get not adjusting the risk, but what about the lot size? Cause I noticed on some of the strategies, you know, that the lot size will be a hundred even like on a, on a orb strategy. Yep. 

How does that work? Because I know. Yeah, it's not going to, it's such low risk. I guarantee it's not going to hit.

It's not going to hit your target. Yeah. But if you want to just as a safety precaution, you can go ahead and change it.

We, we just left it as a default 40 when we were testing or a default 100 when we were testing, it wasn't a big deal, but it, it, it doesn't play into the, into the factor because everyone's going to use it on a different size account. So yes, if you want to reduce it and, and, and put it on there, but I encourage you that if you do that, just run the back test, like right here this test right here. So if I run it, let's see if this is, let's just run this.

I don't know what the results cause I don't know if that's the right test. So I just loaded. Nope. 

Hang on. I gotta, I gotta actually load it. I don't have the right one in here. 

So load, let's just load the first one. That's MNQ. Okay. 

So I just ran this and yes, the, uh, the, the max lot size is 40 here, but maybe your max lot size is only 20. So right now what I'm going to do is I just want to make sure that the 15, nine, seven, six. Okay. 

So 15, nine, seven, six. So I'm going to run it with 20. I'm going to click run.

And I want to make sure that number doesn't change. And there we go. It doesn't change. 

Okay. So I've, I've reduced it. I've covered, I've covered it.

I've made sure that it's not going to be an issue. The other thing that I can do is if you're concerned about it, just go to trade trades and you can see what the quantity is. It's not even coming close. 

Right. But that is a really good point, but you, and yes, you can change that. So, all right.

Okay. And Tracy, I, I never use the trade copier. Um, there's a video, right. 

That I can probably just watch or, should be in where you get the download. Yep. There is, but there's also in the help files you can go through. 

There's a, there's a good document in the help files that explain everything. Okay. You bet. 

You bet Amanda. I'm going to actually cut it as well. This has been an hour and 15 minutes.

So it's well past what we normally schedule for this class. Um, but does, does everyone feel comfortable with this? Yes. It looks great. 

Yeah. Okay. I think I did a, a pretty, you know, good version of this walkthrough.

So if you need to go through this video, step-by-step again, um, please do so. Okay. I'll also probably tag this video or I'll include it with the installation package. 

So it's, we know where it is. We can find it and you can always reference it. All right.

Good deal. Sounds good. All right. 

You guys have a fantastic evening. Uh, and I'll catch you guys later. All right. 

Thank you.