All right, what's going on everybody? Everyone have a good Thanksgiving. We got to go to northern Illinois where it's super cold and snowy already. I hope everyone had an awesome Thanksgiving.

I'm still full. What's that? I said I'm still full. I haven't eaten for a week since.

We actually, our family got food poisoning at a little Mexican joint that kind of sounds like a meme or a butt end of a joke or something on Friday. So we were, yeah, quick, easy way to lose five pounds, 10 pounds. Don't recommend that.

Don't try that at home, folks. So I wanted to see how everyone's doing. How is everyone's November? Some of you guys are just starting out, so you're probably still in the getting, figuring out stage, but how are some of you guys have been around a little bit? I had a pretty solid November.

Last time I kind of talked to you for a little bit, I was having some trouble. I was just like trading sideways. Funded account was like in the negative, just sideways.

And then November, it kind of turned around. I had a eight hour month. Nice.

And really, I should have done better. I should have turned my bots all the way off for the Thanksgiving holiday since it was only half a trading day on the Friday. Sure.

I turned it back on and I fought with myself about it and then three out of the four lost. So I was like, I shouldn't even mess with it. It's only half a day, not enough volume.

Yep. Yeah. And exiting at the end of the day doesn't really work when you have an odd time, right? So yeah.

Makes sense. Yep. I actually turned, let's see, when was that? What day was that? Are you talking about that you did that? It was Black Friday.

I turned them off on Wednesday because I knew there was a lot of economic data coming out on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. And I figured I was just going to turn them off for the rest of the week. But then, I don't know.

I got a bug up my butt and then thought about turning them back on on Friday. And then I shouldn't have. I should have trusted my gut in the first place.

Yeah. So even then, you still did eight hours. So that's not bad to complain about.

I have to go open up. Right before this, I crashed my Ninja Traders. I got to relaunch all this stuff that I just had open.

Let me open up my trade performance real quick. Let's see. November 1st through the 30th.

So I had a similar, let's see. All my accounts are loading. There we go.

So I had, what is that? I'm going to do the math. It shows me in dollars. I had something similar.

30, let's see. So I actually had, actually, 5.5R is what I had for November. And I only took 18 trades total.

So it kind of got light. Part of that was I did, some of you guys may have been around, but our last call, maybe two weeks ago, we talked about getting updated RAM memory. And I had some issues with that.

I had to reinstall some things and finally got it all working. So there's a little bit of time I didn't have. I wasn't able to run my normal scans that I would on the weekends because I couldn't get the thing to power back on after I turned the new RAM on.

And you always panic when you're like, dang it, I've never done that before. What did I do wrong? And come to find out, I just, the battery was dead and it wasn't plugged in. So kind of what we would, in the software business or technology business as an ID10T error.

Has anyone ever heard of that before? An ID10T error. I've filled out that form a few times. An ID10T error is code for idiot.

ID10T, if you're right, ID, the number 10 and then T. It's an idiot error. So yeah, guilty. The error lies somewhere between the seat and the keyboard.

Yeah. So that's kind of what happened to me. And so I was like, what the heck? Brand new computer.

Well, it's like three months old. So there's lots of cool Black Friday sales out there. If you guys need some, Cyber Monday, even for you need some upgraded hardware.

I just paid like it is 200 bucks for some upgraded memory. And got 96 gigs of RAM up and running now. So running a little bit faster than previous.

And I just bought a deal. I guess it was like July 4th weekend. And let's see.

Here we go. First, I'm gonna share my screen. Let's see.

Where's my share button? Here we go. So we have 96. It went from, I think, 24 to 96 gigs.

So running quite a bit faster for a back test. You don't have to have a supercomputer. For those of you who are wondering, if you have a couple year old Windows laptop, that's good.

Obviously, it runs faster when you're running large scale back tests. In my case, I'm always running something. So it's super helpful to not have to always wait for it to finish up.

So that's kind of what I did. This was recommended by David S. You guys may recall, I think it was maybe a week or two ago, we did an interview with David. He started out with Interactive Brokers, running bots on stocks, and then switched to a funding account, and got it funded in like two weeks, three weeks, something like that.

And his recommendation was to upgrade memory. I'm like, that's probably the best. 220 bucks I've ever spent.

I didn't even think about it. So hopefully, you guys can do that as well. There's still some cool sales out there.

There's a CAD. You do have to kind of make sure the memory you buy works with the machine you have. I didn't know that was a CAD.

So Dave and I chatted about like, dang, I'm a software guy, not a hardware guy. Software is my background. So he kind of walked me through a few steps, just to double check and gave me the all clear.

I was curious if any of you guys are using, whether it's Peter, Svetlana, Victor, Antonio, any of you guys are using actual brokerage accounts too? Or is it you guys all in the funded account program? If you guys have considered at least using brokerage accounts as well. And Svetlana, I think you may have considered that, or maybe you told me. Yes, I funded a little bit, but I haven't done anything to... You haven't released the Kraken yet? Okay, got it.

No. Okay, got it. I may need some advice on what to do next.

Okay, hang on one second. Come here, Mocha. Come here, come here, girl.

Sorry, our little 45 pound puppy is excited when Amazon drops off gifts. It's been nonstop all day. Well, the reason I'm bringing that up is because I know some of you guys are somewhere in the middle of getting accounts funded, and that's great.

And I still have... I'll just say that the advantage to a traditional brokerage account is that you always have payouts that are always approved. Meaning if you're risking your own money, you don't need approval to pull money out, especially your gains, right? And so just wanted to kind of throw that out there for those of you who haven't really thought about that. We're going to talk about risk here in just a second.

But the reason I think that's important is because there's advantages and disadvantages to using a brokerage account. There's advantages and disadvantages to using a funded account. As you know, funded accounts have a lot more tighter requirements in order to get funded, to have payouts.

There's a lot more rules and hoops you have to jump through. The downside, of course, being that the upside, meaning you're kind of risking someone else's money. You don't have to worry about it.

When it comes to traditional brokerage accounts, you are pretty much just running... You're running your own risk. You're running it yourself and I wanted to show you guys a few things that I've found. This is what I've been doing myself.

And you guys have heard me talk about TQQ a few times, but this is what I run in my brokerage account. And this has got all the, you know, just real traditional risk, not necessarily... It's not in a funded account. It's a real brokerage account.

We have all the things that we're looking for when it comes to criteria to... You know, you don't have to do this, but just something, an idea. As you guys all know, if you're using a funded account like Apex, you're kind of limited and kind of locked into futures. This ticker is an ETF and we'll look at that in a second.

We'll talk about some risk, but let me pull this up for you guys. You guys may have seen this before and this is FinViz. This tells a little bit about... Oops, let's do it this way.

Delete. This is FinViz. Get rid of all my dang ads.

Try one more time. There we go. This is what I'm actually trading is TQQQ.

It's basically the QQQ, which is the ETF for NASDAQ. As you guys know, NASDAQ is an index. This is an ETF of index, but this is a 3X leveraged bullish version of the ETF of the index, if that makes sense.

It's kind of like a leveraged asset, I guess is what you could say. It's not an option, but it's an ETF. This thing moves about three bucks a day.

The average trailing range, about three bucks a day. I actually do this and Robert Thompson is actually going to be teaching an options class for smaller accounts starting in January. We haven't finalized all the details, but any of you guys who want to learn options in a smaller account, this is separate from the class he teaches now, and this will be more for learning options in a smaller account.

Again, this is something that I like to trade just because it's not expensive. You guys can see it's 82 bucks. It moves about three bucks a day on average.

It moves a lot and it tends to trend well, up or down. That's kind of what I like. I like something that's going to move.

I don't really care about some of these stocks that move 12 cents in a day. It's like, it's boring. You're going to have to have a whole lot of shares to make any real money.

It's kind of something that I'm throwing out there. I've talked to Robert about, we're working together to build a program for him that he'll be teaching on options using actually this ticker and some others related to options in a small brokerage account. I think he said somewhere like $5,000 or less account size values.

That's not what we're charging, but if you have $5,000 or less in a brokerage account, this is an option, literally an alternative, a class that you can take. Just out of curiosity, if any of you guys are interested, how many of you guys are interested in learning how to trade options? I am. Yes, I am.

Yes. Okay. Leanne, Victor, Pete.

How many of you guys have traded options before? Corey? I have. I would also like to learn more. I have not, but would like to learn more as well.

I have and miss it. Okay. Gotcha.

It's pretty fun. A lot of people want to learn options because they're like, oh, the risk reward, but as you guys know, a double-edged sword cuts both ways. It's kind of good when it's good and it's bad when it's bad, right? And so doing it on a smaller account, you can get a little bit riskier, but it's a small account.

So you're still limiting and managing your risk. And the reason I think risk management is important is why, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's a lot of AI bots or third-party bots that in the last few months have literally blown up. I don't want to mention names, but lots of very famous ones that spend big boku bucks on marketing that sell anywhere from 10 to, I talked to a guy the other day, selling his AI trading bot for $25,000.

And a lot of people are saying they're down 70% in one day. And that is, ladies and gentlemen, that's why we manage risk. Now, what does that really mean? Well, some of you guys know that there's a difference between probability and possibility.

All of our bots use this risk measurement where you're using what we call defined risk or limited risk or calculated risk. And that's very, very different than what a lot of other people do. I don't know if you guys know that.

What a lot of companies will do is if you're on a losing streak, they'll add to a losing position and then they'll double and triple and quadruple. So if you think about it, imagine having like two contracts of ES, right? And when you're down, you're now gonna add four more, right? So now you got six. Then you're down more, you're gonna add eight.

You're down more, you're gonna add 16. Well, the idea is that normally you'll bounce and go higher or partially higher and you get back to break even pretty quickly. The problem with that is what? What's the problem with that, guys? Imagine doing this in Vegas at a card game at a table game.

What happens? You can always keep going down. The market can be more crazy than you can be liquid, right? And so what happens is a lot of times they will bounce and go higher. But as you add doubling, doubling, doubling, doubling, at some point you run out of money or you can't handle the heat in the kitchen.

And so that's why some of you guys have asked, why don't we have 90, 95% probabilities and win rates? That's why. The reason is if you never take a loss, you can have a high win rate. But what's the downside to that? Well, you end up just in the gutter, right? You're doubling, you're doubling, you're doubling.

And for us, we feel like I've seen both sides and I've done a couple of videos on this. I actually paid, I paid a few thousand dollars for my share of bots over the years to try and see how these other bots work. And I remember one time I was looking at one bot, I looked at it, it was $1,800 loss, okay? And I asked the developer, I'm like, what is it waiting for? Because it kept doing this doubling, doubling, doubling.

And it was looking for an $80 win. Now, I don't know about you guys, if we're talking about statistics and possibilities and probabilities, would you guys ever sit at it, take a seat at a table where the jackpot's $80, but if you're wrong, you lose 1,800. I don't know about you, but you have to have a lot of $80 wins, a whole lot to make up that $1,800 loss, right? And so that's why we use this thing called fixed risk or defined risk.

This risk is unknown because you're just doubling, doubling, doubling. And at some point you're down 70% of your entire account. Now, obviously in a funded account, you'd blow up somewhere around here.

You'd never had the chance to do it. You have to start all over and then you're back in this doubling, doubling, doubling. And so that's why we really, really kind of preach and harp on this managed risk, defined risk.

Now, one of the things that I like to do is I like to kind of match up my risk with my account size. That's what we recommend. So in Apex, you guys know that Apex is having... Yeah, I don't know.

They're 90% off sale. Let me pull that up for you guys real quick. Actually, I think someone's passing around the code if you don't have it yet, but... It's save now.

That was the... There's a newer one too that someone passed through that's 90%. I think it's save now, 80% or 90% off. It's 90% right now.

And then every subsequent is 80% later. It's weird because sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't work. It's almost like they turn it on and off.

I picked up four accounts this morning. So we're using save now. Okay.

So is that mentioned anywhere or is it just... Because I think they say it up here, but then they don't give you the code. So yeah, they're doing 90% off. So the... It's on their Discord.

So code is save now and it's 90% off. So there you go. Grab some.

We really prefer, if you haven't learned, we prefer the Apex TradeOvate account. So as you know, if we go down here to our TradeOvate plan, the 300K, whatever, 10%, I guess 60... You're only paying $65. Is that right? For the first month.

And then the next month it'll be 130 if you were doing a 300. Dang, somehow I got these for 40 bucks. I don't know how I did that.

I think they had a weird special sale where it was like they set all the accounts to be only 250 or something like that. And then they were doing 80% sales off of the 250. Oh, okay.

I'm like, somehow I got more. You got a cheaper arrangement than that. Well, okay.

So as far as risk goes again, we're very big on kind of 10% of this number, right? So in this case, we're risking $750. Now that's a fairly conservative number, right? It says 787.50. Fairly conservative number, right? Now what is... What's an aggressive number to use for risk? Well, keep in mind, you can lose at this rate. You can lose 10 times in a row to blow up your account, right? That's kind of your flexibility.

Now, if you were to double that and say 1500, how many in a row could you lose? You could lose, we'll say minus 10 trades here. Over here, you can lose five. Basically five losing trades in a row, right? It doesn't necessarily have to be a direct row, but you can lose... Let's say you lose once, twice, then you gain back one, then you lose some more, right? And once you're down five, there you go, start all over.

Now, the reason I'm bringing this up is some people say, hey, Matt, how do I get funded as quickly as possible? Well, you have to take some bigger risks. That's the short answer. And as you guys know, just with risks and possibilities and probabilities are kind of two different things.

What do I mean? Well, you guys all know that you could easily flip a coin and get 50-50 odds, heads or tails, win or lose, right? But what are the odds that you might get five heads in a row or five tails in a row? It's not probable, but absolutely is possible, right? There's a huge difference between probable, like what could happen and what's more likely to happen. And the reason I really like back test and the statistical method that we use instead of like the traditional, we call it the technical analysis, is because of probabilities, right? I like the probabilities. Personally, I like that way better.

Why? Well, imagine, you guys know this, most of you probably know this, but imagine getting a report like this every time you jump into a new strategy when you first started trading. This report could have saved you a lot of headaches. I could easily look at a report and say, okay, this is definitely worth pursuing or that's total garbage.

Why? Well, out of 34 trades, what if the one that my buddy, my crazy uncle or whoever showed me on, what if that was the only one trade that he showed me? That's the only time it ever worked and it lost the other 33 times, right? He's going to show me the one time it worked. I'm going to throw real money at it and I'm going to do this strategy hopping thing that most people do. We've all been there.

We've all done that. We've all got the t-shirt where we're robbing from strategy to strategy to strategy, trying to find what never loses ever, right? And if you're not careful like years or I've talked to some people last couple of weeks, this has been decades. They've been hopping from strategy.

Like I'm still trying to find a strategy I like. Like after 10 years, bro, 10 years, you're trying to find a strategy like, wow. But ultimately, just like everything else, you guys know that with our losing streak, and I'll share this in a sec, depending on your inputs for your risk reward ratio and your win rate, you can have some pretty crazy outcomes, right? And so this is showing off of like a thousand trades.

If we're risking 1% of our account, let's say we have 100, well, let's just say $300,000 balance and we're gonna risk, let's say 0.07. Let's see, is that right? No, actually that's not right. Hang on, 300,000 can't be 0.07. I guess it'd be 0.7, is that right? No, still not right. What am I trying to figure out? I'm trying to figure out how to get to that 750.

So that would be 300 divided by, hang on one sec, 300,000. My mind is going blank right this second. I'm trying to figure out what the- 0.25. Is that what it is? 0.25. Okay, yeah, it's about right.

Because you lose, you lose that 750. There you go, thank you. And so in this case, when you have this, and I can share this with you.

When you have this losing streak calculator, your risk is 0.25, which is roughly on a 300K account, that 750. So when you lose, you lose 750. But when you win, you win 1.3 times.

And even with heads and tails probabilities, you're gonna win, you're gonna lose, you're gonna win, you're gonna lose, you're gonna win, you're gonna lose. And you'll notice what's happening to my account balance over time. Well, what a lot of people do, and there's this connection between, and I've seen it at family members that, close family members, there's a connection between this perfectionism and being unhappy.

I'll just say it that way, right? Why? Well, a lot of times we create these rules that we'll only be happy when, once I'm making X amount per day, per week, per month, then I'll be happy. And those are goalposts that we set way out there for ourselves that only then will I be happy, only then will I be content. And I just want you guys to rethink about this as we head into the last month of the year and kind of turn our corner and get ready for 2025 is what if our only metric for success is not how much I've made or what if it's just forward progress of some kind, right? Now, yes, it'd be nice to have $50,000 months and those are nice.

But when you're just starting out, that's a stretch to start with, right? No one has their very first trading month is 50,000 or you get super lucky. It's like winning the lottery. It's super, super long odds.

That's not the normal path that most people take, okay? And so in this case, what you're seeing is out of 1,000 trades, if I'm narrowing in on the 250th trade, you'll see what my balance could easily be up here. Now, all these numbers are adjustable, your win rate, all the things, right? But what I want you to notice is what happens when I randomize this? You'll see that I get different results. So sometimes I might have that five tails in a row, five losing trades in a row, right? And what we do is a lot of times we'll say, I have to make money inside this little bitty window if and only then, then I'll consider this a success.

And sometimes, as you guys know, with possibilities and probabilities, it's a little, I wish it was that super simplified, right? So in this case, you'll see over time, it does grow, right? And it will show you your max drawdown right here of one point. So basically, what is that? About six losing trades in a row because we're risking 0.25, right? So about six losing trades in a row. That is our max drawdown.

But if we set it up and let it run and do what we're supposed to, it could be a huge difference maker, especially as we head into the new year. I don't know if you guys saw this, but I do wanna have a little plug for an event that I'm hosting next Thursday, totally free for any of you guys who wanna join. It's kind of how, I'm just kind of pulling back the curtains on how I do, how I plan for the new year.

So New Year's Transformation, we got, it's three classes, basically 30 minutes, 45 minutes, something like that. And I'm gonna walk you through my process for how I plan for the next year, how I think about these things. And I wanna make sure everyone has an invite to that.

I'll throw that in the chat here. Let's see, where's my, there we go. Boom.

There we go. And I'm gonna share this with you guys as well. How many of you guys have seen this push button? I've shared it before.

It's been a while. Let's see, any with the link, copy link, risk calculator. So here's what I, here's the way I think about this.

And today I screwed up on my own plan. This is how I think about trading, okay? And it's taken me a while to think in these terms and today I just got impatient and tightened my stop on a manual trade with options and I lost half an hour. But wouldn't you believe it went on to win 1.5 hour, which was my actual plan, okay? So I would call this my base strategy was up 1.5 today.

Me, Matt D minus 0.5. Why? What is your job as a trader guys? Is it to make money? To follow the plan. To follow the plan. But what if you judge yourself based on this scorecard, right? My plan didn't say tighten my stop.

I tightened my stop a little too aggressively, a little too soon. I literally got into a trade, my target was up here and as it went up this, it went down like here and I tightened my stop, got kicked out and it went like that, literally. And it was almost like, no, almost in slow motion.

It was an options trade on TQQ, but I did that one manually. But still I'm like, man, how much am I off my plan now? Was that a one hour loss? I'm actually behind my plan now, two hour, right? For January or for not January, for December. What I could have had and what I actually had, I'm now down two hour, my account's only down half an hour.

But what I could have had versus what I made myself do. And once I did, I'm like, oh my gosh, I saw it happen in slow motion almost, right? And so I want you guys to think about it in these terms. What is your plan? What does your base strategy say? And what are you doing? Because it's super easy to tighten the stop, thinking you're protecting your gains.

Well, why did I do that? Well, I didn't want my first trade of the month to be a loser, but guess what? I kind of forced the loser to happen, right? It's like I put on a trade, I was okay with all the risk. But somehow before the arrow hit the target, me and all my genius decided to divert and micromanage it and look what happened. So I'm guilty of this too, that's my point.

Does this make sense? And so when I, you guys have probably heard me talk about me versus my BS. BS is not Barbara Streisand. BS is base strategy, right? Me versus my BS.

So if my plan for the month, my back test showed that I could have made, let's say 12R and I ended up with 13R, I'm okay with deviating from my plan a little bit. But if I made 8R and my plan made 12R, which one's easier to follow exactly? Not roughly, not kind of close, not kind of sorta, but exactly and precisely. You guys see where I'm going with this? So it almost becomes this like real-time split test between what am I doing versus what should I be doing, right? And today was just a kick in the pants.

I did really well for November. My account's all-time highs, really well for November. For whatever reason, I didn't wanna give back an R early in the month.

Very frustrating day of December, I screwed up. So obviously I did manage my risk. I didn't lose all my accounts, but it kind of, it aided me.

I'm like, dang it, I broke my own rule, right? And so I just wanna share that with you guys. It happens to all of us. It's an ongoing struggle at times, especially when you're manually trading, when you're using bots.

How does this affect you when you're using bots? Well, how many of you guys actually tinker with your risk sometimes or tighten up stops or manually intervene? How many of you guys have ever done that? Anybody? I know there's at least a few of you on here. I technically have tinkered with my risk, but only with one ticker. Okay.

And it's to make it match my strategy. It's an MNQ because it's so volatile. I have it set to a 150 risk instead of a $100 risk.

Sure, okay, sure. Because with the way that you- But that's part of the calculated, yeah. But you're running back to us of $150, yeah.

I kind of meant like sometimes you use $750, sometimes you use $3,000, sometimes you use $4,000, depending on how much you want to leapfrog the process, right? Yeah. Does this make any sense? Does this resonate with anyone? Sure. Kind of this me versus my BS.

I probably should make a video of this, kind of come clean. The bots for sure has helped me with not messing with it. Is that the only time? I said the bots have helped me a lot, not mess with it.

I think the only time I ever move my stop is if I check on it and there's 30 minutes left in the day, it's still somehow in the trade, but it's positive. I'll move my stop just above break-even to make sure it doesn't just crash before the end of the day or something like that. Sure, sure.

Yeah, that makes sense. But if you do move it and you get kicked out early, you have to go back and see, did you beat your plan or did your basic plan beat you? On a per trade basis, yes, it's easy to get lucky and kind of beat it on a one trade, but you have to go back and look at the week or the month. How well do you do over the course of 20 trades, 30, 40 trades, not just a single one, right? The other thing that I really like about this calculator is you guys may or may not know this.

It's super inconspicuous, one of the two, is this is a percentage. You guys notice that? So as your account balance increases, what happens to that? Well, you'll notice here we're losing 750, but down as we get down here, we're closer to $1,000, right? So it's kind of compounding. And so that also helps us a little bit as we're winning or losing our account balance.

As you're on a losing streak, your risk goes from 750 with this calculator down to 725, right down to 700. It goes lower, lower, lower, but as you're gaining, what, it's going from 750, 775, 800, right? It's kind of increasing, right? So this calculator takes in the effect, that compound effect that kind of occurs as well, which is a little different than kind of the fixed risk model that we're using, but it's still a pretty cool thing to look at and to kind of review. So for those of you who haven't yet, please make a copy of this.

People ask, hey, can you share it with me? Just make a copy of it. This is my copy. You guys make a copy.

Don't edit my copy. Make a copy and edit your own copy. Is this helpful? Is this making sense? Stellana, making sense? Antonio? Yes, sure.

Yes. Peter? Yes, it is. Leanne, and let's see, who else? Victor, anything I can do for you guys? Please let me know.

Matt, I'm having problems with... First, we have to talk after we finish the class. Okay, and second, I have a problem. Installing the last release of the bot, the ORB, is sending a message.

Can I send it to you? What's up? So you can check it out. Okay, sure. It happened to me before.

Sorry, I don't get on WhatsApp a ton, but I will check. Okay, I'm going to send you right now. Okay, yeah.

I see a message that says, hello, Matt. So, yeah. If you can send it to me in the community, I'm in the community a lot more, but whatever, whichever.

No, but I'm planning to send it right now, if you can see it. Yeah, I'll take a look in a sec. Awesome.

Anything else I can do for you? Let's see, we got... Leanne, how's it going for you? Peter, you have it. I'm good. What's going on, my man, Peter? How's life treating you? It's going good.

It's going really good. And the bots are working for me. So, everything's good.

Awesome. Cool, man. Love to hear it.

Hi, Leanne. Hello, Leanne. Hey, happy Thanksgiving, y'all.

Thanks. I'm going to come hang out in Hawaii in a few weeks. Oh, welcome.

We're going to Maui. I think you're on the big island, is that right? Oahu. Oh, you're on... Yeah, yeah, that's right.

There you go. I'm fumbling around, been running, definitely feeling the whole, making incremental progress every day. I had some questions because I'm running into some stumbling blocks.

I've been kind of launching a bunch of strategies per day with the orb bot and using the trade copier as well. I was kind of wondering, I've turned on executions and orders and just messed with both of them. Orders does get me some of the accounts to be similar, but it's still like the leader account throws out a lot more trades than the rest.

Is anybody else seeing the same issue? Should I be sending it to Sim? Well, if you're using executions, it's usually more of a synced approach versus the orders. And the difference is, orders is using the exact order type that the specific, what's the word? The specific bot order type is sending out. Whereas executions is just gonna market order and market out, right? So you might lose a little bit of slippage, but it's a little more likely to get filled on orders.

And the difference is, keep in mind, the bots don't actually place the trades. I don't know if you guys know that. Spoiler alert, the bot throws out the orders and the broker places the trades.

It's a little distinction there that the bots throw out the orders and the broker fills the trades. And we've all been in probably like a live trading room where we're all gonna buy at a certain level and the price action just barely kisses that level for a half second and then continues higher, right? And half of us, we got filled, half of you didn't get filled on the order. And that's kind of what happens with the orders mode.

It's a little more precise, but in some rare occasions where price action just kisses a certain price level for a nanosecond and then bounces and goes higher or bounces, goes lower, that's where executions is probably a little bit better of a fit that makes sense than orders. Orders is gonna match the exact order type. And so if there's specific orders or errors you're getting, or we'd be happy to look at it if that's the case, but I've been pretty happy just using the executions mode myself.

Actually, I haven't really used the orders mode much at all, but that might be helpful or if there's any issues, let us know. It might be a nature of the way Apex does stuff, but I have noticed whenever I use the orb bot and orders mode, which is why I've pretty much swapped completely to executions mode, is because I use orb pretty much only, but it'll leave that bracket trade. So you'll have two stop losses essentially.

And so you'd have to go in and manually cancel the other side of the bracket after it fills. Okay, that makes sense. Okay, so stick to executions.

Executions, see if that helps you, yeah. Yeah. And then when you guys are initiating a bunch of strategies, do you, for like the start behavior, I've been setting it to immediately submit and synchronize account.

I know the default is like to wait until it flattens before it submits the order. Are you guys doing that? Let's see. This is kind of what I have set up for Wednesday.

Which one are you talking about? The start behavior? I have wait until flat. Okay. So from my understanding, it's like it waits until all your previous orders are, like the account is flat before it submits this order.

So there's only like one order going at a time. Well, that's how I have mine set up just because I'm running. I want it to be, I don't want it to step, you know, in case I run two different things at the exact same time accidentally.

I just have wait till flat. That's always been my default. I haven't really studied all the variations, how it works exactly, but wait until flat's always been like my default.

Okay. Interesting. Hey, I will keep playing around with it.

Do you play with the stop and target submission per strategy or stop and target submission? So when you say play with it, I do run back tests to see what's the best. We give me the best results, but when it comes, I think we talked about this before, but when it comes to like stop or take the take profit, let's say you go from like a 1.2 to 1.8. And if 1.8 gives me the best results, I might not still use 1.8. I might use 1.6 or 1.7. You guys know why? Well, like it's telling me that's the maximum. And for me, I don't know that I want to have it set at the maximum, right? It's like seeing how fast your car can go.

I don't know that that's a good thing to make it as, you know, go as like the highest probability. But I like high probabilities. I just don't know that it always makes sense to put it at the actual maximum because all you need is one tick lower where you're getting into like a bullish trade where you're entering here.

You have your take profit up here and your stop loss down here. All you need is one trade waiting for a 1.8. This is a take profit. That is the crookedest straight line I've ever drawn.

Let's say your entries here, you're getting into trade and it's going up. Doesn't quite hit that take profit because you're saying 1.8 and then goes lower. So what I'm saying is like sometimes a little bit lower than the maximum is kind of what I'll use for my take profit.

My minimum is always 1.2. That's always my minimum kind of threshold. I do have some that are two and three. Two to sometimes three are take profits.

And obviously with a two or three are take profit, I don't necessarily need a 70% win rate. Great questions. I have one more thing.

Do you guys do like a smaller test on top of your like regular, like when you do your back test, do you do like another test just to like a lot of time? I'm not sure what you're asking. Do I do more tests? I'm not sure. I'm like using a tick versus the minute.

Well, I've been running them all on the tick. The one tick is the most accurate. It is the slowest though.

That's the trade off. So like an optimization test, I'll probably use one minute just in a big grouping of tests and then I'll rerun the ones I like the best on a one tick. Kind of like a rough sifting and sorting process and then I'll do a refining process kind of on a one tick on an individual back test.

Is that what you're asking about? I don't know if that's what you're asking though. Yes, but kind of in like with the dates as the batch. So you like all tests for like six months from like April 1st to like November and then another test from November to the end of November.

It sounds like another run to see how it performed in November before selecting the strategy. Okay. So it's like a two layered approach.

Okay, yeah. That's interesting what you do. I haven't done it that way before.

I'm always looking at the most recent 90 days and especially the most recent 30 days. In 90 days, let's say I got my first 30 days then my next 30 days and then my next 30 days. What I don't want on my equity curve is I don't want it to go like this.

And yeah, it's still profitable once I cross that. But I don't really, it's like to me that made a lot of money early on and started losing it. I'm going to look heavily at my most recent 30 days to make sure that works.

And sometimes I'll run the most recent 30 days first. And then if I like it, I'll go back the 90. That's kind of how I, it's like my MO.

That's how I typically would do it on my end. Okay, so you're like running tests every month to see what works. I'm actually doing it at the end of every week.

And like if the bots have all won, I don't necessarily need to change anything. But I need to make sure that it still meets my criteria. And the way that like, if you're looking at, let's say you're looking at a 90, I probably don't have one here in front of me queued up.

That's a good example. But if I'm looking at the most recent 90 days, like going back 90 days, right? If let's say I have a losing trade, right? Let's say I'm right at 70% probable, 70% win rate with, I don't know, 1.3R take profit, okay? Now, if my most recent trade was a losing trade for the week, let's say I'm going to lose $750, which is my R. If I lose $750 and I'm currently at 70% win rate and I have one more loss, does that lower my win rate? Yes or no. If I'm getting off the old week, kind of getting rid of the old week, let's say minus old week and then plus a new week, does my win rate change? Trick question.

Depends. Was that last week that cycled off also a losing week? If I place a losing trade with a losing trade, do my stats change? No. That's the difference.

So I'm looking at then, like on the weekends, I'm looking how well it performed. Now, sometimes, for whatever reason, I'm sick or whatever, don't get to it. I'll usually run it first thing.

I'll get up early and do it first thing Monday before things get ready. But I do have some things that run it before the market opens, quote unquote, the stock market opens. I have some things running on Monday, so I can't wait too late before I get those things up and running.

So does that make sense? So if I replace a losing week with a losing week, my 70% win rate stays the same. Some people have asked me, Matt, I got something that's 69.8%. Is that good enough? You guys have to use some discretion on whether that's, you know, you have to use some judgment on, does that round up to 70%? Yes. It's up to you on some of that.

It's just discretion. The thing I do like is 70% win rate when I'm using 1.2 to 1.4 R, okay? If I'm using a 2R target, typically about 55% to 60% win rate is what I'm looking for, right? So imagine if I'm flipping a coin, I'm going to win six times. I'm going to lose four.

That's okay. I'm going to lose 1R each time. But when I win, I'm going to win 2R.

So I can lose more frequently and still be profitable. You know, lose 40% of the time versus lose 30% up here. That makes sense.

But for most people, the idea of, and Leanne, you're, I mean, I think you and I talked about, you're more of a statistics. What was your background? I think it's data scientist. Is that right? And yeah, I studied data science and finance.

Right, right. That's right. I remember that.

And so like the probabilities and all that is very, very, it's common, right? Whereas a lot of people, they're so attached to charts and candlesticks. Whereas this, none of our bots actually even look at, is this a certain pattern candle? Well, I lied. We actually do have a candle trader bot that does look at the candlesticks.

Everything else doesn't really look at support resistance. It doesn't look at trends. It's just executing a very specific strategy at a very specific time, right? You define the time or it's looking for a volume spike.

It's looking for some specific trigger to occur, right? And so when it comes to probabilities, it's a very, very different thing than most people are used to, right? They're like, wait a sec. I'm supposed to have won 70% of the time, but I may have only won 65%. Like in this case, we're looking at a 65% example.

Well, you can still be profitable by that. It's kind of like our minimum requirements are 70%, but sometimes it just doesn't work out that way. That's what we want to run is 70%.

But sometimes like in November, I think I was about a little bit below 60% win rate, but I still made some Rs. So just like Stephen, I don't know if you looked at what your win rate was for November. Sometimes it's higher, sometimes it's lower.

In October, mine was almost 90%. I believe 80, 85, 90%, something like that. So what I'm looking for as a minimum and what actually happens are slightly two different things.

Yeah, great questions. Thank you. Yeah, my pleasure.

What other questions you guys have for me? Has anyone had issues where like their back tests on two different computers come out slightly different? Actually, that is a common thing. And there is a couple of threads talking about how to reset your cash. I had the same thing.

VPS had slightly different results in my desktop. And that I have to find that there. Does anyone have that thread handy or can tag Leanne in it? But you have to delete a data download folder and it'll rebuild itself.

That's the only, that's the fix. Yeah. Awesome.

Thank you. Cool guys. Well, I'm over my time.

I got to hop on another call. Thanks so much for hanging out with me. I'll get the recording up here soon.

Thanks guys. Bye.