So I wanted to see how everyone's doing. Give me some updates. I know I haven't talked to you in a while, maybe a couple of weeks, Victor.

How's things going? Been on vacation myself. So. Oh, nice.

Been traveling and seeing my daughters out in California. So. Nice.

Been out of commission for a while, but. Awesome. I still have 11, 11, 11, no, PAs.

11. Wow. Nice.

And I've got two that are within $1,900 from closing and converting those evals. My goal, I found it difficult to concentrate on the evals and the performance accounts at the same time. Sure.

So I've toned down the performance side and just, I'm going to get to 20 evals if it kills me, Matt, I've got to get. 20 funded accounts, huh? And so. Nice.

So that's, that's what I've, I obviously didn't trade while I was gone, but I just started this week again. Gotcha. Awesome.

Well, a couple of weeks ago, my wife and I got to do our 26th year anniversary. We went to, we went on a cruise from Italy. So we went to Italy, Greece, and Turkey.

So super fun. And finally got like, so I'm not jet lagged anymore, but it's like trading started like it was like seven or eight time zones ahead of where I'm used to, you know? Do you recommend it? It's, it's different, you know, I'm kind of a morning person. So, you know, where I am time zone wise works well for me, but if you can imagine starting at like three 30 in the afternoon and finishing by 10 PM, that's kind of the, you know, how that was set up.

And then we went to Turkey. It was like another hour, four 30 to like 11 PM. So it was different.

I mean, I've been to, I've been in Hawaii where it's five, six hours behind what I'm used to, you know, we're trading starts at like three 30 in the morning. So it's, it's just different to experience, I guess. So, yeah.

Alrighty. So what I want to talk to you guys about, Tracy can talk more about this next week, but we haven't officially come out with this just yet, but we started doing these things called recommended settings. It was just kind of an idea that she had.

And I'm going to walk you through, you guys can see my screen, I think. Is that right? Can you guys see my screen? So this is a $81,000 profit and a $6,500 drawdown. Now, if you're like Matt, that kind of goes above and beyond what you would need for a 5,000 or a $50,000 account, you would be correct.

So what we're trying to do is we're doing two things. One is we're running with a hundred dollars of risk. And then we're also running another one with a thousand dollars of risk.

So obviously a hundred dollars could be like a small account thousand dollars could be a larger account and you can kind of scale them up. So things like MNQ, MES, all those would be on the smaller risk. And then the larger things like NQ, ES, those would be the thousand dollar risk.

And what we've been doing is, excuse me, we've been kind of going back and you're like, okay, Matt, this is from August, 2024 through kind of the end of July. So we're basically running a 12 month back test, right? So it's over a period of time. And what you'll notice here is that they have some pretty, you know, consistent trades.

If you were to look at every single trade, that's kind of what it looks like on a per trade basis, every little trade. And like over time, you'll see that there are some months that just go sideways for a few months, right? And then there's some that just make humongous gains and kind of consolidate and kind of go higher. But that's kind of the idea here with this is that we're trying to, for people who are brand new or who say, hey, I've run back test, but I don't really know what I'm looking for.

Or, you know, I kind of go cross out after looking at my 1000th back test. We're trying to build this so it makes it easier for people to use. And this has a pretty long track record over a year.

Some of them are three years long, a three year back test. So the idea here is just to help contribute and kind of give back to the community. And for folks who are brand new, excuse me, folks that are brand new who, you know, are kind of confused about where to start or maybe overwhelmed, this is kind of some recommended setting.

So I've personally been running these for a few, for like many, many hours the last few weeks, running these big back tests. And as you guys probably know, when you run a back test over, I think it's like three to four months, you can't really use one tick data because it's not available. So the only downside to this is it does use standard data because you can't go back a year or two years or three years with high one tick for whatever reason it's not available.

So I wanted to kind of talk about this a little bit. We touched on it briefly last week, but it's this, this is the volume bot. And some of you guys may have seen this last week.

Some of you guys, this might be new to you, but the volume bot, if we're gonna take a look at a chart and see, there we go, there's a couple trades that triggered. And the way that the volume bot works is it's looking for spikes in data, or spikes in volume, right? So you guys can see here, there's like very low volume and then this massive candle or massive volume bar. And so what the system is doing is it's waiting and counting certain number of candles after that.

So in this case, you'll see here that we're counting 20 candles. We're waiting for 20 candles after this big spike. And we're saying, we're looking for a volume of three X. So we're saying, okay, whenever the volume comes in, let's say that this is average, we want at least three X of that.

And then we're gonna set up a trade, right? And so in this case, that's kind of like this candle right here. And then what we're gonna do is we're gonna look back 15 candles. So we're gonna look back 15 candles and we're gonna use that to determine or figure out like what is our average volume, right? So it's kind of like a thing about like a look back period, how many candles backwards do you wanna use to calculate average, right? And then we're looking for that three X multiple.

In this case, you can use four X, these are all variables you can adjust. These are specific settings built specifically for the volume bar. We're gonna talk a little bit more about it here in a minute.

And then the other thing is our candle count after the spike. And let me see if I can open this up a little bit more. You guys can see the label on this guy.

Candle count after spike. You see that a little bit better? Is that, let's see. Candle count after spike.

So what it's saying is, okay, when I see a spike, I'm gonna go back 15 candles, right? Oops, I'm gonna look at just using these settings, 15 candles. I want a spike that's at least three times the normal. And of course, most opening, like when the stock market opens, most of those will provide a spike of volume, right? Because it was kind of considered like pre-market and then normal market, right? So that's kind of somewhat normal.

Of course, if you wanna ignore like the opening timing, you can adjust the timeframe here, the start time and look, you know, like set it to after the market opens. So that ignores kind of that opening volume spike that normally happens, like right here. In this case, I wanna take advantage of that volume spike.

So here's our candle. And then what we're gonna do is we're gonna count 20 candles, right? So let's just pretend that our 20th candle is right here. See this light blue dot.

And it's gonna set up a trade just like you would expect. In this case, we have it designed to mimic the opening range breakout, right? So instead of saying, this is a timed candle, we're gonna say, we're gonna look at volume in between certain hours. And if and only if those spikes occur, then and only then do we wanna take a trade.

Does that make sense? And then it's gonna set it up just like you would expect with an opening range breakout candle. Whereas if we break below or above, we're gonna kind of trade in that direction. So in this case, you'll see right here, this was a bearish trade.

So it broke below. So it set up a trade that looks something like this and then shorts. And the logic, I know this is kind of a small chart to look at.

Let's see if I can make it a little bit bigger. There we go. And there's a couple of things on here to know.

Also, you can also show the volume. That show volume basically just draws this on the chart here. It doesn't change the actual back test.

It just visually displays it for you. If you wanted to see that, you can uncheck it, of course. And then of course, you can also apply the snapback.

So whenever that trigger candle comes in, right? So we're saying 20 candles after the spike. So go this way, 20 candles. And then we're gonna set up either the opening range breakout style strategy where it breaks higher or breaks lower, or we're gonna set up the snapback if we're looking for like a rollover lower or a kind of a pullback and then a push higher.

Does that make sense? So you have these two different kind of strategies built in, but again, it's looking for the specific volume spikes to take trades. And the reason all this even came about was, you guys remember, I guess back a couple of years ago, on Wednesdays, I noticed there's lots of volume spikes. So whether it's a Fed rate announcement or whether it was interest rates or jobs reports or something, always something.

You didn't quite know how the market would react, but you would be going along and then wham, some huge volume spike, right? And the stock market would just go nuts for some period of time, right? So I said, how can I like take advantage of that without actually being in front of the chart and have some settings that could provide some flexibility? And this is kind of what I came up with. Again, we have a few specific settings specific for this bot. All the other bots you are probably used to looking at as far as profit taker, padding, start and stop times, all that kind of stuff.

Those are of course still available. And in this case, it's set to run for three trades per day. And I believe this is set to run four days a week.

Yeah, so four days a week. Yep, in this case. Does that make sense? So what happens is whenever that volume spike comes in, like right there, I'm sorry, the volume spike comes in over here, it counts our trigger candle.

This is our trigger candle, and then sets up a trade based on, in this case, we have the orb kind of configured to run. Now, the cool part is because we do have quite a few extra settings, it does, I guess, not the cool part, the drag, the downside to this bot is it does take a little bit longer to back test because you have like quite a bit more fields to test in addition to all the other normal, regular, fields that you'd be used to trading. So I ran this test and I thought it was pretty interesting because NQ, you guys know, if you're trading a 50K account or even a 25K account, you can trade, most of the time I'm using MNQ, but you can trade NQ.

NQ is the, so this is considered the micros. The M stands for micros. This is considered the e-minis, so the normal features contract.

The most popular ones are ES and NQ. ES is the S&P 500, NQ stands for NASDAQ, right? So in this case, I thought, wow, this is actually, we had a pretty good run of things. And in this case, what happened was it's showing $1,000 of risk.

Oops, let's see. There we go. So $1,000 of risk, $100 lot size.

And I don't think we ever really ever come close to that, but in this case, we had a $6,500 drawdown and $81,000. This is against a $1,000 risk. So obviously you can adjust that cut in half.

Your return would be cut in half. Your drawdown would be cut in half, but I thought it was pretty interesting to run a much, much, much larger timeframe than the normal, maybe three to four months that we typically would run. So that you guys can see over time, how well does this perform, right? Now, of course, there might be some times where you're running a test between a month or two and it's up just a little or down just a little.

And over a big enough time period, you guys can see that's somewhat normal. And a lot of times, especially me, hi, my name is Matt. Hi, Matt.

I tend to be impatient at times, as I'm sure you guys do sometimes. And if things aren't always working or performing, I'm quick to want to switch them. I've learned not to, but I typically wanna switch things out and make some changes, right? And you guys can probably resonate with that a little bit.

But what I learned from all of these big tests that take four or five, six hours to run, and we got some pretty decent, we'll look at some of the results here. This is just one that I saved, but we'll look at the entire list here in a minute. But the thing I learned is, as you guys know, sometimes you have some pretty quick wins, some pretty quick wins, and then sometimes it's just slow and steady, slow and steady gains, right? For the most part.

And we always want all of our trades to quickly turn green and never turn red. That would be nice if we, Victor, if we ever figure out how to make that work. We only take winning trades, nothing ever loses, that would be awesome.

We'd have to have a patent pending on that. But anyways, I just wanna pause real quick, see if you guys have any questions, those of you who hadn't heard or seen me talk about the VolumeBot, and see if you guys had any questions about that so far. Laurencio? Yes, so how you doing, first of all? Hey, good, how are you? Not too bad.

So going back to the candles, I have a question on that. So how often are those candles actually closing? Because you had nine, I'm not sure if the nine represents nine minutes, or because up on top, on the left top corner, you have five minutes. So I'm confused as to whether those candles are closing every five minutes.

Oh, sorry, I got a chart behind the chart. That's probably what's confusing you. Yeah, so this is a nine minute chart, nine minute chart.

Okay, so we are talking about nine minutes. No, so nine minute chart means each candle represents a nine minute period of time, yeah. Correct.

Yeah, so I think you're looking at, I had another chart open in the background that was probably what's confusing you. Yeah, I was given the five minutes there. So yeah, so this one is nine minutes, which is what I was trying to figure out.

So then if we look at this, you're talking about, you have to wait 20 candles. So now you're talking 20 times nine, right? Before it does anything? Well, so just to clarify, this is not a bot that would always take a trade every day. It only takes a trade when there's elevated volume, right? So it's one that kind of just sits and waits in the background type of thing.

But yes, so obviously if you're not actually sitting there waiting for it, how long it sits and waits is like the little, the cricket on the leaf waiting for something to happen. The time that that elapses doesn't necessarily make a difference because you're not sitting there waiting for it to pull a trigger. It's doing everything automatically.

But yes, you're correct. It would be, in this case, it would be 20 times nine. Right, so what we're talking about 180 minutes, give or take? Three hours, yeah.

Okay, so before it does anything, is that correct? So it's gonna wait- Well, so just to be clear, just to clarify, this is in the example I'm using because there are different, in this example, this can be any other number that you want it to be. I'm just ran it by a test and kind of came up with this setup. But, and then also the same thing, like you can start with different timeframes.

You can start it, wait, start at three in the morning and wait for three hours. So again, this is just one very, very specific example. But yes.

Okay, so I'm just trying to figure out how to play with those settings, I guess you could say that. And so what was confusing me was, well, 20 candles, that's a long time. And I wasn't exactly sure how long a period each candle was closing at, right? So now that you're saying nine, okay, I would figure, you know, whatever, two, three hours, however long it is before it even does any kind of trade.

Now, wouldn't that also mean that the market could change right away? In other words, you may miss the action? If that makes sense. I mean, it's possible, like this is, these are like tested, you know, I guess it's possible you could lose on trades, but that's kind of what it's saying is whichever way it tends to break is the way direction it tends to go, if that makes sense. Okay.

But like, I mean, I guess I'm not quite clear on what you're asking, but ultimately, like this is breaking higher, which means it's trending more bullish, right? And then it ultimately sets up a bullish trade that doesn't always, you know, like that's not a, like the thing in trading is that nothing is automatic. You know, if just because this gapped up overnight doesn't mean it's gonna continue higher. It doesn't mean it's gonna continue lower, you know, just if something gaps down and opens down here, it doesn't mean it's gonna fall off the rest of the day.

It could turn around, right? And so the thing that I've tried to do is figure out what is automatic? And there is no, this is what I've learned, nothing's automatic, you know, this good news doesn't automatically push things higher, bad news doesn't automatically push things lower, but those are just the calculated, you know, like things that this is set up and looking at is based on those variables that kind of give it input and kind of give it direction. And it becomes kind of like a recipe that it's just gonna execute over and over. So I don't know if that answered your question, but let's take a look at, see if we can look at some more here.

Here's another one. Another trick, it looks like most of the time it's taking, let's see, daily, it's taking one to two trades basically. A lot of times it's just one, a lot of times it'll take two trades.

And what you can see here, let's go back, scroll back up to the top. What you can see here is the, this is like the running balance, the cumulative, and then this is the net profit. Like how much do we make this trade, this trade, and then these two added together give me this number, right, $400 gives me this number, minus 12.75 sets us back here, right? And so this is like your running balance, right? And it does pretty well in the first month, of course, yes.

It does, actually you can display these monthly if you wanna see what the net profit is pretty much every month. And every month it does pretty well, right? There are some months that it does extraordinarily well, like this one right here, 23,000 and 12,000. Then this one lost 700 bucks, right? Then it turned around and made 7,759, right? So I think it's pretty decent.

I mean, I would love for this, I would love to run this for the next two years and see how well it performs. You know, get back to me in two years and we'll see how it performed overall. But yeah, what other questions you guys have? Corey, Victor? Matt, how would you use the, you talked about recommended settings.

Yes. So we're actually building those. I think we have like 40 or 50 so far.

What is gonna be the guidance on those? How are we to use those if at all? Yeah, so there's gonna be a spreadsheet that Tracy has built. She's gonna go next week, we're gonna officially kind of promote it and go live with it. But there's things like if you're looking for net profit or profit factor, there's a whole bunch of different ways depending on what you wanna do.

And so you can actually kind of combine multiple of these to build like a, think of it like a bot portfolio. So a bunch of different settings collectively running. And so she has a spreadsheet that she's built that we'll go over next week in more in depth.

But it is kind of exciting when you're able to kind of combine some of these that have run really long. She actually has some that have run, worked almost every month for the last three years, which is even, it's like another small, I guess it's just an alternative way to think about it instead of the most recent 90 days, how well has it performed over the last three years? And you guys can imagine the last three years we've had two different US presidents, like we've had wars, we've had all kinds of stuff happen, right, between in the Middle East and elsewhere in the world. And so it's a pretty interesting cross section, no matter like what's happening in the world, it's still out there performing well.

So I thought that was a pretty interesting, some interesting ideas that are kind of bubbling up. So, but there'll be a spreadsheet, Victor, next week that Tracy will be sharing. Awesome.

I didn't wanna steal her thunder and like show you guys everything because that's her pet project, so. No, no, but I think it's exciting. So I think I'll give some of those a try once they come out.

Yeah, yeah, awesome. Hey, Matt, I got a question for you. Sure.

How would this look at, I know you had like 100 and 1,000 as your risk. How would this look at the 100 mark? So just to clarify on 100, I would use MNQ, not MQ. Yes, very much so.

And when I ran this back test here, let me save this real quick one more time. And we were calling these RS, you see that like the RS thing, and the templates, recommended settings, recommended settings, recommended settings. Let me see if I have $100.

I don't think I have $100 on this exact one, but I can certainly run it again. So let's see. I don't know.

This is a single test, so it shouldn't take too long to run, right? MNQ and max loss. I'm trying to think what? 40, I believe. 40.

So let's let that run, see what happens. But if you get a max, oh yeah, so it's significantly less, yeah. Wait, actually, let's take a look.

312 trades, yeah. So it has not done as well, yeah. Okay.

Yeah, it's probably just the risk is small and it got tapped out a couple of times. Yeah, so it's a lot smaller. Yep, yep.

And part of it is like the difference in contracts between NQ and MNQ is quite a bit different. So they don't always automatically translate from one to the other, if that makes sense. Let's see what this says.

Should be 81, under 81,000. Nope, not 81. Something changed.

What changed? Let's see, load. Oh, I was running on ES, I did. No wonder, Victor.

I switched from, is this ES or NQ? I think it was supposed to be ES. Yeah, it's supposed to be ES. I named this wrong.

ES, I believe it's ES. Here we go. Yeah, I named it wrong.

So let's see, ES, boom. There we go. Okay, so the question would be what, let's look at MES.

That's the equivalent, right? MES with 100. Let's see what that looks like. It should be somewhat close, but there you go, that's a lot better.

So 309, so it took a few less trades. And the reason is right here is the, sometimes when you have to have one contract on a smaller risk, you might end up risking more than your $100, right? So we can check that and you'll see that it ran 309. When I rerun it with that checked, it'll take less trades.

You see that? Yep, okay. Yeah. So, but yeah, it's pretty interesting.

There we go, ES, and this is set to 2.0, profit taker, and 7 o'clock AM. So that's us. That'd be 8 AM Eastern.

Yeah, what time zone are you in, Corey? You're in Eastern, right? Oh, I'm in Mountain, but I use Central time zone. Okay, got it. Yep.

Let's see what went wrong. Let's do, it says MES, okay, I see, ES. There we go.

Okay, there we go. There's back to where we started. Yeah.

Florencio, you're in Pacific. Victor, you're in, remind me, what time zone you're in, Victor? Eastern. So you're in Eastern, okay, got it.

So we're pretty much all time zones almost represented here. Okay, awesome. So that's gonna be the recommended settings.

We're gonna spend, there's a few little things we're trying to update and improve, but we're gonna have close to 50 different recommended settings across the board. And as you guys know, there's an advantage and disadvantage. I used to be a little hesitant to share what settings I'm running, because historically, every time I did it, it stopped working.

I'm like, oh, great. So the moment I share it, it stops working, and then I gotta go find something else, right? And so it was like a, I don't know, like a superstitious, I don't know, something. But so I kind of got over that and I'm like, well, it is what it is.

So now having, we're obviously not running 50 of them total, 50 different bot settings simultaneously, but we are spending like three or four hours per test to run these big back tests. You can imagine something with a lot of settings and then going back one to two or three years across like an optimization. It takes many, many, many hours of running to then sift through the results and then save one or two and then going to the next one.

So Tracy's put on, I haven't put nearly as much as she has, but I've got a lot of time kind of divvied up or invested in these recommended settings. So, yep. But certainly on Thursdays, we're still gonna do, continue to do the back test, the back test breakdowns that we've been doing.

So those are still available on Thursday, same time, same place. But yeah, that's kind of what I have for you guys, unless you guys have any other issues that are coming up for you that I can help you troubleshoot. I got one, Matt.

And it just happened, it just started last week. My VODs, when it's coming to a leader account and the followers, since last Wednesday, it has stopped taking trades. Monday, Tuesday, it took a trade or it took trades.

And then Wednesday came around, no trade. And I was like, oh, it just must've been a bad day. Or no trades were there.

Thursday came, same thing. I don't trade on Fridays. So when I got home from Scotland, I did the back test and it showed that it should have taken a trade.

So then I tried it again. But are you saying that the dashboard isn't copying, or are you saying the bot itself isn't replacing trades? Because those are two different things I'm trying to- So that's the thing. So today, I set up the same trade twice, if you will, I had in the strategy tab.

I set it up twice. One, I linked directly to a Apex account. And the other one, I set to Sim 101 and had it- Copy.

Had a follower. The one that was tied directly to an Apex account took the trade. The Sim account did not take the trade.

Hmm, interesting. And they're both the identical settings across the board? Yes. Okay.

And I assume they're both activated or enabled, I should say. Yes, yes, they were both enabled or whatever. I'm gonna try it again tomorrow just to make sure that, hey, I didn't miss anything because, though it didn't take a trade, I didn't lose any money.

So I don't mind doing this. And sometimes the risk number has to, if you're using a small amount of risk, like if you're using three, 300 risk in one and 100 in the other, it's very possible the 300 would take a trade where the 100 may not. Right, right.

That's because of that small risk type thing where you might need like a fourth of a contract or a third of a contract. And in order to get that, you'd have to triple your risk to get to at least one, right? And so that does come up when you're using smaller risk. Usually that comes up with people using $100 or less risk.

That does come up from time to time. But there's nothing that says, hey, I'm using, you know, like there's no logic that a copier shouldn't take the trade. Because like essentially Apex doesn't know if a copier is being used.

Exactly, exactly. Yeah, and it's never happened before. I mean, unless you can like troubleshoot like the steps, like if we were able to replicate, that'd be a little easier to kind of resolve.

But yeah, let me know. And let us know what bot and what versions you're using of all the things that we can see if we can replicate it ourselves as well. Okay, yeah, I'll keep trying it this week again.

If it doesn't take and I don't lose any money, so I'm okay with practicing that way. So yeah, I'll keep an eye on it. And then probably next week or so, I'll have more information to share.

Okay, sounds great. Cool. All right, any other thoughts, team? Matt, can I ask you what you're trading these days? I know you and I are big Mega Orb fans, but I've seen you use that as my security blanket.

Are you still trading the Mega Orb? I am, yes. I'm always gonna, the answer will always be yes. The Mega Orb on MNQ is my go-to.

Yeah, sometimes I change up the time a little bit, but yeah, absolutely. Sometimes I think I should trade other bots, but I can't seem to bring myself to do it very well. Well, I mean, if you have a good winning streak with one, why not just leave it, right? But yeah, great question.

You know, every morning I log in, make sure the trade copiers open, connected to Apex. All my strategies are enabled, all the greens, right? The green boxes, the check boxes, all the things are set up and enabled. So, yep.

Because Murphy's law would say the one time I forget to do it and it doesn't take a trade, I'd like lose, sit out on a winning day. And I don't wanna do that, that's no fun. I know you had $100,000 accounts and so on.

Are you now 50,000 all the way or are you still? No, I still have a couple. I have two different 300K funded accounts, but the rest are all 50Ks, yep. Yep, so I have two 300K PAs and then the rest are funded accounts, or sorry, are 50Ks, yep.

50Ks, yep. Yep, if I had to start all over, I'd just do all 50Ks, but once you got accounts funded, you don't wanna unfund them or start over. So, but yeah, great question.

Cool, well, I'll get the recording here posted, but thanks for hanging out with me guys. And I'll see some of you guys if you wanna bring your individual back test or be those same time, same place on Thursday. Thanks guys, have a great evening, bye.