---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 10th Call 5.5.25.txt ----
Okay, nice to see you guys again. So we're going to talk about something else, right? ACHOO! Oh, just a minute. I pull my back. 

Is anyone caught 9-1-1? 9-1-1 is a good show, right? So, I know I'm just representing somebody as something happens. So just think about it. Why, when you're sneezing, you haven't carried thousands of pounds or hundreds of pounds, as soon as you sneeze, your back will off the balance. 

You'll get a lower back. What's happening, right? So if these things happen, how do we understand and how do we use five element consciousness framework to diagnose or to understand what's going on? So, I give you one minute. You better give me the answer. 

Come on. I've been trying so hard to even give it a nice show. You supposedly, you supposedly should give it.

At the least, you should give me the, you know, okay answer, right? I don't want you, you know, I'm not expecting you to give me the A plus answer. At the least, they should give me the C plus answer, right? Come on. Let me, let me wait, you know, one minute. 

See, does anyone, you should get the pencil right down. What are you thinking? Why, when you're sneezing, you often, your back pulled out. Almost. 

Ready? Okay, put the pencil down. So when you are sneezing, right? Listen, listen to me carefully, right? When you're sneezing, the air come from where? Where? Mouth and the nose, right? The sneezing. Then we say lower back, lower back pulled out.

So according for the Chinese medicine, the lower back represent the house of the kidney. Ideally, we say lower back is the house of the kidney. Ideally, it's to say, hey, your kidney function be impact.

Or you say your kidney function or kidney Qi is not strong. When the kidney Qi is not strong, what's happening? The concept is kidney is what? The kidney with the bladder. What's the relationship? Give me the chart. 

We go back to our map. Okay, we look at the kidney. The kidney's partner is bladders.

So the only one thing in this course I haven't discussed, which is the bladder lines, the meridians. That's the one of the missing information we haven't done yet, right? But each organ's function, assuming, assuming all you guys already done the study, self-study, already know, right? Each organ, each element related to organ, each organ, what they can do, right? So each element, each organ related to the body part at the first page, you should be able to pull it out. So therefore, I'm just remind you, remind you, the lower back is associated with the kidney.

So now follow me. So here has a one thing of the Chinese medicine, never, never say the clear, right? It's not clear. So supposedly should be so clear.

So the kidney, when the Chinese doctor say, oh, you have a kidney issue, they are assuming, they are assuming you understand the kidney include bladders. Just like that's my family. When you say your family include what? Your partners, your mothers, your children, even your grandmothers, right? They are all in your family. 

So when I say the lower back is the house of the kidney. So in the other words, the location of your lower back associated with the kidney. That's the number one, you guys should know, right? So which means at the location, location, location.

So through the location, we are immediately associated which organ, which elements. Then your mind, your mind should be immediately to see in this location with this organ. In the five elements consciousness framework, what's the relationship? Now, look, I want to give you guys look how many different relationships can be at the here, right? They can have a mother-child relationship, they can have a shanker relationship, they can have a three organs relationship, right? They are all at the here. 

Okay, very good. Now go back to again. So when I sneezing, okay, now look at that. 

It's air, right? Sneezing is air. But this air goes to where? So when you're sneezing, even though it's the air, the air is very easy, right? Related to the what? Related to the lung, right? Make sense? We all understand the lung give you a capability to breathe in and breathe out when you're sneezing. But when you're sneezing at the moment, the qi can be the air.

Push your air. Sneezing doesn't impact to the kidney. Sneezing impact to your blood.

Because of the sneezing at this moment, the air is not just coming out your mouth, but also coming out where? Your nose, right? It doesn't come out of your eyes, otherwise your eyeball will pop out, right? So it doesn't come out of your ear. But listen to me, guys. Sometimes you have experienced when you're sneezing, your eardrum will pop, right? You say, oh, what's happening? So that's why when you have ear issues, sometimes related to the kidney.

So that's why sometimes when you have tendinitis, ear ringing, they say it's the kidney issue. That's why, because what? It's not physical connection. It's a meridian connection, which is one of the things we are missing in this class, right? So I hope you guys go to study by yourself. 

That's what I hope. You all know this concept. It's meridians.

But follow me, right? So I know I chose today is a little bit difficult concept, but it's a common issue for most people. Because often your life, one or two times, you will going to have this lower back issues. Even you don't, you're afraid going to get it, right? But you know this one would be very helpful down the road for future, right? So that's why tonight we discuss the lower back. 

So go back to the lower back again. It's kidney. So now you see the air, because of sneezing, these actions, right? That's events, physical events.

The strength of the air moving impact to the bladder meridians. Because your bladder meridians already has function disorder, weakness, that can be catch a cold. That can be catch a heat.

That can be have some kind of weakness already, right? That they are no accidents. I think until today, I don't have to repeat this concept to you guys anymore. That means somehow at the invisible level, at the chi level, at the consciousness level, your bladder meridians lines already be impact by outside pathogens.

Can be weather, can be dampness, can be cold, or can be you have two days and do the gardens and cleaning the house or moving the box, right? Clean the now the spring, maybe you clean the attic, clean the lawns and the leaves or whatever you do. You overstretched. Now the sneezing, just that action itself will pull off and make your lower back have issues.

Now this issue is caused by chi. It's not caused by physical evidence. It's not caused by the physical push, like you hit by cars, or you hit by pole, telephone poles, or you driving, you know, ride a bike, you fall down and hit a rock, right? It's not as a physical injury. 

It's yourself through the chi, not the blood injury. It's the chi stagnation. Understand here now? It's the chi stagnation. 

That's the one. Now we go location. Organs. 

So you guys can see what things, which organs can cost, we say. Stress can cost, right? If I say stress can cause that your bladder function disorder, which means what? Xiangsheng relationship, the mother-child relationship, right? Liver under stress, take out the more energy from the kidney. So when the liver dragging, suck out more energy for the kidney, for the bladders, then what? Then cause bladder chi deficient.

Then on top of this, one of additional chi push will cause your back off the balance. Second one, you can say, maybe lung has an issue. If lung has an issue, chronic cough. 

If you are suffering from chronic cough, if you are suffering from bronchitis for a few weeks, right? Hasn't completely healed yet. Then the lung hasn't functioned right. So the lung with the kidney, it is also a mother-child relationship. 

It's also a Xiangsheng relationship, right? So through this way, you can say, because the lung doesn't support kidney enough. Then therefore, when the kidney, I always say, when the bladder need additional strength to protect this kind of air flow, bladder cannot handle it. Then you cause the issue.

That's the second one. That's called the Xiangsheng mother-child relationship can cost. Now you look at the Xiangsheng relationship. 

Does Xiangsheng relationship can cost? Suppose we say the earth, Xiangsheng, right? The earth is supposed to need support. Or you say control, but you have a digestive system issue, metabolic function issue, right? This couple of days, you have what I call the food poisons, right? You might go to the air or something. You don't have, you know, you are eating things wrong because you are traveling, right? Like your dinners, your lunches, it's not on schedule. 

You eat the lousy food or the fried food, whatever you put into your body, cause your digestive system off the balance. Now, because the digestive system, which is the stomach in the spring, needs support, just like a support kidney, but in this time, they cannot do that. They cannot support and also can cause these issues.

And particularly, if your heart, which is a pericardium, and at that time, these couple of weeks, you might be in one kind of stress in your mind, in your feelings, in your emotions. You're constantly, you're fighting your boyfriend, fighting with your girlfriend, and you're worried about your mother or something, right? So it takes a lot of emotional drain in the heart, the feelings. So at that time, supposedly, supposedly, kidney need support to the heart. 

But at that time, your heart get more support. Kidney cannot handle, kidney cannot handle that. You're over asking. 

Now, when this action happens, the kidney cannot handle that. Also can happen. Here, I only say that, which is called a relationship off the balance can cause kidney function off the balance.

Then, accident happens, reverse this concept. So we know the lower back is the house of the kidney. Now, if we want to help the kidney, if it's the same way, it's the same way, right? So we think, okay, I can use a mother-child relationship. 

If I straining my liver function, decreasing my stress, do I allow the kidney has more energy? Yes, right? Or I say, if I increasing my lung function, which is many people do the Thursday night, we do the cheese Thursday night, we standing there, you know, dragon standing between heaven and earth, increasing the kidney function and the cheese for the lung. So my increasing the lung, I increasing the mouth, I increasing mother's cheek. But therefore, I also can help the kidney function. 

All I can do, I don't care, right? I don't care. I'm not going to broken my heart. I don't care.

They say one door close, and the millions of doors happen, right? He's not gonna to broken my heart, or she's not gonna to, you know, pushing me down, right? I'm bitter, right? So you don't care. And therefore, your heart can handle this kind of stress. So you don't need us keep kidney, give you a resource. 

So which is the kidney can save this energy to heal herself, right? That's the way. That's called a tool of the relationship. So how about you guys can make what's called a what? You can make triangle cooperation, which is based on the what? Based on the understanding of the sentence.

Do you have a sentence? Do you have a sentence at the liver sentence? Do you have a sentence of a digestive system sentence? Or do you have a sentence for the lung sentence? So you will chose stronger one. Stronger one. No physical and emotional issues, the organ.

And create a team, healing team. Do not chose the organ already under a lot of medication and a lot of stress. Because they already difficult to protect themselves. 

You wonder they can't join with the team. Doesn't help, right? In this framework, they tell you one week will cause the whole system weakness. So you cannot allow the weak one be part of the team, even though you have unconditional love. 

But you cannot chose. You have to say, and this way, at this moment, would you please stay on the side, right? That's the one way. Now, there are the other way. 

What is the other way? Remember the last week when we talked about sleeping, right? The sleeping is the what? Is the best evidence or best events for self-healing. So we know the body can heal itself. So if we can make the body to good sleep, rest, rest, rest, rest, then the body will find a way to heal itself. 

If you don't find that, you cannot find good people or good treatments, you rather go back to the self-healing stage. Try have a nice sleep. I know people say, oh, I have a back pain. 

I difficult to lie down one position. Take a painkiller. Take one sleeping pill. 

I'm telling you, I'm just recommending you. Why? Even though they are medication. But however, you give it a chance, allow the body to rest, body to heal. 

After you heal, then go back to clean up this garbage. You're still ahead of the game. Do you understand what I say? Sometimes you need to know when you can handle the actual more bad stuff, whatever we call it, right? That's the number one. 

Now, follow me, right? Now, it's not easy. Now, I'm going to go to the level two. What is the level two? Level two is lower back pain. 

And the male and the female is totally different stories. Right? And the female get the lower back pain. And the more complicated than the male. 

Now, you have to see this part. Male is pretty easy because generally speaking, it's the major marine's lines, the bladders run through the dust. But the female is not. 

So the female has the other invisible ways, which is the liver function, liver marines, the bell marines around this lower back. So therefore, to diagnosis this lower back pain, we cannot just say, oh, lower back pain treated here. Cannot. 

You must define the male and the female, number one. So once you find this male, that's pretty easy. Main cause is the bladder. 

It's not even though they say it's a kidney, but it's a bladder because the bladder lines go through. For female, that's tough. So how do we define it? And the female lower back pain is liver involved or not liver involved or just bladder or kidney itself.

How? Sentence. Do you remember? I tell you guys, I have a one chart. I list that every organs are related to body parts. 

Right? So if liver involved, then you must have so many liver function issues. What is the liver function issues? Sport injuries, easy get. Right. 

So what else you can get the liver issues? Come on. As a reflux, you can get it. The worst case that you have a bad nails. 

Come on. Right. That's all this. 

All your mood swings. What else? Come on. You guys must fast enough.

So that's why I say homework homework until now is a test. How much you do your homework now. Right. 

So you have to see. Do you have a chronic chronic history of the menstrual cycle disorder? Because the menstrual cycle for the female is the primary information or I say the major information or important the area you always even know. Now, listen to me carefully. 

Even though you are already postmenopausal, you still need to ask him. When you was young. That's your menstrual cycle on time. 

If their menstrual cycle always have issues, PMS, you know, never on time, then you know you audit that person herself has a chronic liver function disorder issues. Therefore, therefore, if you've got the lower back pain, you always need a concert as the liver function. So therefore.

Our treatment plan become more complicated. We are not just deal kidney issue. We also have to deal the liver issue. 

Then we also have to deal one family issue. Mother and the child both has issue. You see that. 

So that's why the lower back pain look like a simple, but also it's not a simple, right? Because they are has a something at the there and the heavy. Why? Because the liver make the female and complete completed different after this. Now, I'm going to give you one secret. 

It's out of the book. Right. Which is out of book. 

Never in the book. So you guys should be right down. Right. 

It's a secret. Because we say the body has two parts. One is a materialized body. 

Young side. The other part is non-materialized inside. Right. 

In and young. Visible and invisible. So the body part is young. 

Meridians is in because it's invisible. Because we have meridians. And because the meridians has a unique energy pathway, energy network, then make a body.

So unique. So profound. Right. 

The some area, particularly lower back area. If you say I have a lower back pain. Now we go back lower back pain again. 

One is entire lower back. One is almost at the center of the lower back. Right. 

You have to differentiate that now. Get the more focus, focus, focus. If we shank into this whole area lower back to the center, around the center. 

Right. Now I'm making more care around the center. This area has one special shortcut. 

It's like a special tunnels. Underground tunnels. Right. 

Just think about it. You know, Manhattan has underground centers, tunnels. White House has underground tunnels.

The house of the king has an underground center. The tunnels connect to your stomach meridians. Please do not share this secret. 

No, I'm just making a joke. Right. You still need compassion to help somebody. 

Right. So just understand. You need to understand this.

Right. That's a secret. It is a secret. 

Not in any acupuncture book, in the Chinese medicine book. That's the secret energetic underground tunnels. Stomach has one special connect into the center of your lower back.

So you will think, what's that going to do for? That's going to do so many miracle things happen. So many miracle things happen. You see the acupuncture, why acupuncture is so powerful? Because acupuncture put the tiny needles and try, try, try. 

I just use a try. Try to stimulate the meridians. And then therefore, the meridians, the energy will change. 

We adjust the balance. The entire network will change. The energy flow, name, pain or condition will change.

Now, if we know the location has problems associated with the specific meridians lines, we save us time. Right. We save a lot of diagnosis. 

Then we can use a different method, different treatments. Because the bottom line is, as long as the qi can flow freely, as long as the blood can flow freely, disease or pain can go away. Right. 

That's one of the fundamental laws. That's what we all try to do. Now, listen carefully. 

Instead, we're going to treat you. We're going to fix the blood lines. We just fix your stomach. 

The stomach is easy. Right. Stomach just, you can go, you can do the special diet.

You can eat radish. You can do something else. Right. 

But you cannot eat a big food. Right. You say, oh, yeah, special diet. 

I'm going to go to the Chinese buffet. You know, $25.99 or whatever. Then your stomach is too full. 

You don't have energy processing. You have to give yourself a little bit of fasting. Right. 

Or give you a little bit of loose food and you can run to the bathroom. Think of this, what I say. So what's happening? Your stomach will flow free.

Right. The one of the white radish, you know, the white radish called the daikon. Right. 

They call the daikon. It's a white radish. You can get a small red radish that doesn't have that kind of strength, doesn't have enough power. 

But the white radish can help the stomach flow free. If you don't, you say, I don't have, I don't like the taste. Some people doesn't like the radish taste. 

Right. It's too bad. You know, I highly recommend each one of you in order to prevent the later Alzheimer's. 

Think of this, Alzheimer's. You should eat more radish. Thinking this way, radish, so unique one of the food has so many healing benefits for us. 

And most people doesn't know how to use radish. And that's why I say that's another in this class. Right. 

The one day, maybe one day we're going to do the other kind of class. Talk about the food. Anyway, stomach. 

Right. So once we know this. We can focus on just by stomach, by your digestive system. 

So entire digestive system itself will change. Then what? Then the lower back pain at the center will immediately change because that is directly. Understand? What's called that directly means it's a nonstop fly. 

Right. You want to go to Europe. It's nonstop. 

Please. All right. Does anyone want to stop it to stop? No, I want to do the two stop. 

Everybody want to call the nonstop fly. That's called the nonstop secret tunnel treatment. And you never make a mistake.

Now, we tend to different ways. Right. Listen to me carefully here. 

Now, the whole concept is give you say if it's another evil, which is a true. Now, once we know, once we know the house of the kidney under the house of the kidney has one special energy. Two notes connect to the stomach. 

Right. Then why not? Why not? We can keep our stomach in the spring. This earth element of this digestive system become more profound. 

What's happening if we do this? We can avoid any kind of lower back issue. Right. Reverse to the prevention is the best cure. 

That's the beauty of the Chinese medicine. You want the prevention of that. You don't get this issue. 

Eat well. Understand this well. See? Understand what I say now? You can reverse to see. 

Oh, why not? No wonder you people always say, oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. This is a junk food, you're always doing this. No wonder you have lower back issue, because stomach has one special energy lines, special tunnels, underground tunnels connected to this point got it good okay now go back one more time so i know i'm gonna layer up there exciting right so you see that i'm i try to teach you guys layer after layer now go back to the male and the female again so the male and the female how can we say i want to prevent my chronic lower back pain i want to fix my chronic lower back pain what are we gonna do what is the first sign so we need to take look constipation right constipation which is the bowel movement what is the bowel movement the bowel movement often we will say is the colon but here still go back to the marines concept the colon with the lung colon and the lung is a partner right it's all at the middle the lung and the colon is what is the mother of the kidney right got it good now now look at one more step the colon with the stomach is the brother they are the same frequency they are brothers they function they are at the same frequency so in the other words you're moving the colon you're moving the stomach do you remember at the beginning what i said as long as chi can flow freely disease cannot enter as long as the chi and the blood can flow freely the pain cannot exist since everything associated with the marines since everything associated with the flow so what are we going to flow the bowel movement is a flow right so if we can allow our body have a healthy bowel movement so something is a flow freely can we fix the lower back pain can we fix the chronic lower back pain sure right no matter from which angle now look at these five elements so if we can do this colon issue colon concept right the stomach in the colon concept do we make the triangle right stomach and the stomach with the kidney is what it's a support relationship stomach with the lung is a mother-child relationship along with the kidneys what mother-child relationship by doing this we are creating the other kind of triangle make sense now did you see that this kind of concept so for the chronic issue for the long issue to make sure and make sure to not allow the constipation happens so the last week we take we say the one of the major 50 percent the healthy body is relied on sleep 30 percent is relied on your elimination which just means in order to receive you must let go you see that why i say elimination is more important you're eating that's why right but that can help you naming illness and the disease is something it want to stay in your body and it doesn't want to go right does anyone want to keep a pain forever no one to keep the pain forever does anyone want to keep it your anxiety forever no you can you want to let it go only unfortunately it doesn't go that easy right you have to chasing it out and then sneak in again so you have to thinking how can you create a healthy diet how can you create healthy ways allow whatever called non-necessary the chi or blood state in your body function right each organ has their purpose each element existed for purpose so if you can understand the nature of the each organs the nature of the each organs you will create healthy relationship healthy relationship you will prevent serious physical evidence physical prevent evidence i know there are no evidence no this called accidents right but however once you know this concept you'll be able to prevent okay conclusion conclusion we know which marians we know the locations we know the relationship now we need to know one more things one more things we should call the the let me see the words how do i say that their essence is the location the 99 the time all the pain are associated with the cold cold environment so the cold can have a two kind of cold one is a physical cold temperature right weather that's a temperature cold one is an essence cold so any kind of pain any kind of stagnation 99 percent of time there's always related to the cold therefore therefore in our body have to try avoid the cold right avoid the cold so you can look back which is each one you should study each organ's function none of the organ none of these organs love cold they don't they all love warm they hate the cold so that's why that's why don't get your too much cold into the body so that's why you see today why western diet created so much issues cold you're working in the restaurant they give you ice water immediate right you're working in the chinese restaurant they give you hot tea can you imagine you're working in the chinese restaurant yes you are they see your face oh you are falling let me give you ice water then when you say no no no no i want a hot tea and then they give you a dirty look right that's why you want a hot tea then you ask i need a chopstick when they think something's wrong this is what they're working in the wrong that's right they give you a fork that's right you know it's called discrimination i need a chopstick anyway so you guys should avoid the cold and particularly now go go back to the one thing particularly when you already have injury have a pain many doctors or even therapies we tell you put the ice pack at the day yes the ice pack you put on can help you releasing the pain that is true but they don't releasing the pain they just numb your nerves your nerves be frozen you don't feel the pain but pain still there it just doesn't feel the pain however these eyes will create the future down the future you send this cold into your kidney function now the kidney will never never can be performing by itself anymore they downgrade takes so long to upgrade take back think about it your credit rates go low how difficult to back to 600 700 back to the 800 very difficult right particularly as the king right so do not do not put the ice pack when you have an injury please put the heating pack right so put the heating pack at the day you have to think about the world we say that at the beginning as long as a tree of blood can flow freely the pain cannot exist so what is the pain is the blood or chi stagnation so how can we move the blood let the blood moving you cannot freeze the blood right look outside the winter when the ice doesn't move the water doesn't move temperature rise water ice will melt water can move use the heat do not use cold ice number one number two number two do not thinking they are just your muscle too weak often you go to the physical therapy they force you to do some kind of exercise they exercise your muscle they think you are muscle too weak they think you are muscle too weak has nothing to do the visible body is invisible part your body off the balance that's always at the invisible part of the balance first then visible body part will show you try to control that and try to fix the problem before the accident happens okay so that is the few important things and the third one definitely you guys already understand how to use your inherited wisdom sleep right how to use self healing method to help yourself sleep rest rest rest rest you need the chi you need energy you need your own healing energy start the function okay so that's the few tip you guys should learn right should understand okay so it's not just a problem immediately go to the you know freezer take ice pack put it there that's you know you know you shouldn't do this anymore right so anyone listen this course you should change your way thinking this i give you one the other angle right you want to learn one more trip right learn one more trip i don't know how many people watch watch the eastern movie the eastern movie when they do the this kind of sport injury people hit each other so they have one special way to cure what do they do they boil the hot they boil the hot eggs they boil eggs eggs after hot boil egg done they take the hot boil egg show away so the egg becomes so soft right hot boil egg then put it in the cotton so it can be cotton socks then give you a massage you should try this so feel so good the hot boil egg holding the heat can do so long this massage so particularly the pain at the face and the muscle area oh feel so good the heat after them right after egg has no more heat anymore you should eat there you should eat why you are processing your digest understand the concept let yourself go through your own body processing digest your self-healing resource you see that that is the highest level at the consciousness level you will never understand if i never tell you why you have to eat why you have to eat when you eat that means what you will digest right you are processing that what are you processing you are processing the stagnation you're processing that is a healing modality understand the concept then you return feedback to yourself it's called a self-refill right got it that's the other tip for you guys all right so highly recommend you if you're nothing to do i know you're all busy today but still try to make a hot boil egg and give yourself experience this kind of feeling you will love it right that's one more one thing second things when we say everything is a pain the pain always with the cold so how do we increasing the heat one is use the heating pad second one is what ginger right you can use a ginger oil if you don't have a ginger oil what are you going to do chili oil also be good right but just make sure after this don't touch your eyes right then yeah the chili oil if you still don't have your house is nice green no gingers you don't like no chilies i believe most people drink wine right wine you can use wine to massage your lower back also it's very good extra tunnel adding in to help because wine has one special way can help create blood flow can break can break blood stagnation i think you guys got a lot tonight all right so it's interesting it's a fun now you should look at yourself wow how many times i have this issue why sometimes okay so here one more i get the two things i already opened my mouth the last part is the most difficult part the most difficult part so that's why most time i don't want to say anything it's a consciousness right we say it's a consciousness since they are no accidents if these issues happens that happens for a reason right sometimes we use lower back pain as well as excuse to do something and sometimes we create these events allow us have a good time take a rest understand the concept so you will have to see your body how smart they are how genius your body can create these things to let you lie down for a couple days otherwise you're always busy right so sometimes this called accidents is for good so that is in the consciousness level and difficult to understand i want you guys put in mind have to sometimes have to see these angles that's enough we can open up before short couple questions okay if anybody has any questions please raise your hand master lu that was so rich i can't wait to make a chart i can't make i thought someone can make it so hard uh yeah i'm going to boil a hot egg yeah no egg is very expensive for now you know it's worth it your weapon i know if you want to use what you really need to try okay tom go ahead so so when you talk when you mentioned earlier in the conversation that sometimes if you have a pain you take a pain you take a painkiller or you take some type of pill most times we try not to do those things at what point do you decide that it's time to to to go down that path sleep so if you say i want the use of the sleep the self-healing so because the pain your lower back pain difficult to lie down comfortable you know position so what you can do you take a sleeping pills and the painkiller so you don't feel that you can lie down perfectly go to sleep maybe you wake up already gone maybe thank you but you never know the power of the body okay pamela go ahead excellent thank you so much thank you you're welcome um okay so so the relationship of the large intestine or colon to the stomach if there's constipation it's this do you treat the stomach what if the stools are continuously loose do you go to the spleen in terms of dampness or do you and do you treat the stomach and the spleen together or it's a good question i know that's a good question right if a if a if a continue loose right yeah you have to say the loose is what kind of loose is water type of that or is the loose you see the full at there is a different kind loose right so but generally speaking loose we say it's like a water type of so loose okay so which organ control the water kidney bladder that's right so that means it can be the kidney function disorder right so the water out of control also can be the fire you don't have enough fire so you increase in the fire will you decrease in the water right it's not always the water control the fire fire can control the water too so you have to really look at the this relationship you also have to look at the sentence right so the body never lie the body always tell the sentence is our it's a practitioner's responsibility try to see this kind of information thank you thank you you're welcome hello everyone good evening i'm inspired now to grow some radishes um and uh should i primarily stick to daikon or uh red as well and in terms of method of preparation eat them raw stew them any any particular suggestions for that it's a different purpose yeah radish has many different levels they are eating different purpose i give example for example you go to the japanese restaurant they give the sushi right after sushi some good one the traditional one will use the radish right right yeah so why you use why they use the radish because of decoration no no right that thing is not the decoration because they are tradition the radish is after you eat the sushi down then you eat the raw radish they can put the cheese push down otherwise when you burp you have a fish out of your mouth that's awful i know right you don't want to go go back to the walker kiss somebody oh number say they say something they say what do you eat right so they eat the radish is suppressed down very interesting concept because they also the radish cooked and uncooked that goes to the different purpose so if you want the skin beautiful you can eat the raw if you want the stomach strong you should cook it's a for different purpose and primarily well if if my stomach's strong my spleen or my skin has a better chance of being beautiful anyway that's right anyway so but do you want to both i know for the beauty everybody's so greedy they never think it's enough for beauty right that's right you want everything so you want to cook so while radish half of a cook half of all radish you know radish what you do you put the vinegar put the salt put the spicy like a like a pickles radish pickles you go to the some chinese restaurant they often give you radish pickles and again should i focus i mean not should i is it red daikon i mean if i fail with my crop i'd rather just uh because the white one the big one has a more heating modality and better than a small one right thinking one thing the small one 30 days you can harvest all right 45 days you got the longer the longer they grow in the ground the more energy they can receive from the nature so therefore the more essence what you want right so definitely you know the daikon radish you take it you know at the least at the least three months to four months you can harvest yeah maybe i'll be headed to the farmer's market thank you that's right you go to the farmer's market and you have to choose everyone don't choose a beautiful one do you know that yes they if it doesn't grow the beautiful there's so many electricity that is the good one because they have to sacrifice they have to fight it for life the more they can fight the more energy they have understand the concept so it's the same method for apple the good apple is not bad good apple look ugly over something or but eat that's good apple because they have to fight we we are you are not eating for survive you eating for health you eating for for essence right so then you want to can receive this kind of this kind of cooperation with the nature look at that they look look so ugly how much relationship they have to cooperate with the earth and even though that's ugly one the farmer doesn't throw the way see still on the cell still feel that this so look at how many layers this called the consciousness behind okay thank you so go ahead joe that's true i'm trying to understand this relationship of the back pain to the male and the female is it is it just the meridian connection because like we talked about in the high blood pressure talk that if there's a bladder problem in the men if the feet are swollen in the men that's worse than if it's swollen in the women so it's not just the bladder issue it's something else something special right yes but for the lower back female often has a liver issue involved so that's why they they have one more one more marines because of their bell marines more sensitive than the male they are involved for this situation why is it that in the feet the swelling in the feet is worse than men the feet is different because the feet in the main that's just there how to call it because of their bladders the angle represent the male the angle is the angle and the how do i put it the angle and also heel for men is the is the other outside the actual kidneys put it this way from female is not so therefore the male is more important more difficult if they get a part because that should be good because that's an extra kidney that's right i know i take care so therefore for the male get the heel pain will be more difficult than the male female get a heel pain it's the same thing reversed i thought we're just more complicated but it's oh yeah because of the female because of length that's a different issue the high heel i know that's a i don't want that that's a i know that's a different topic they're really not that complicated i know that's right high heel that's another way i'm going to discuss what's the high fiber element of the high heel no that's let's see what sean has to say sean go ahead hi master lu uh this is a great course thank you so much for this um i was wondering if you could show on a diagram or something exactly where you're talking about when you say the area that would be related if it was a stomach issue you said if it was more of a central it's a center which is a which means almost like at your belt you know anyone the the the guys have a belt the women have a the pain whatever the your pain load hold it then back of your center it's the center okay so okay lower lower down lower down yeah lower down so which is at their area in acupuncture so they call life gate ningmen around this area they give the nice vocabulary ningmen your life gate right and because we don't have that we i think we might have this acupuncture child we don't that's right we don't have this one so it's not necessary so we just let it go so but you just have to understand it's the center lower lower back it means that a lower name the belly button right a lot around this is called the lower so if at the center just at the back of your belly button look at your belly button oh okay so not not lower down almost where like the last vertebrae is but you still can can go down until that they are all at that area yeah they are all belong to that area yeah and if that area is affected but you're really not seeing any other spleen stomach symptoms or signs you kind of got to just sort of look at really what else is showing up or is that still considered a stomach issue that's always a stomach issue okay there's always a slide because that's a special tendons go through that okay so that if you're not you still fix so therefore to fix the stomach to put the acupuncture needles at the stomach you will have a better result name the classical way and put the needles at the bladder lines okay so access the stomach meridian on the front side of the body and not that's right on those points of the bladder you will come you know get confused to say doctor i have a lower back pain why you put the needles at here name other acupuncturists all put this i say i just learned yesterday graduated from school i'm sorry i'm making a mistake so thank you you're welcome amber you have a question hi master lu so stephanie and i um stephanie and barbara one time we boiled an egg and we cracked it open after it got uh cool enough and so we both rubbed it on our pain points we rubbed it on our knee and after we were finished we shared the egg and so i was wondering like what's the consciousness behind that of sharing the egg they share the same problem that's not your problem you shouldn't eat somebody's shit you're really eating that are you that's right your problem you should clean up yourself right so be responsible for your own problem don't try so unconditional love and let me eat your problem no your problem you fix you clean up all right thank you last question of the evening marie hi marie hi um so sometimes women and girls don't have low back pain but maybe their posture isn't great because they don't want to stick out their chest so does that affect their bladder meridian and how do you help treat the posture like nowadays they have um they have like a sports bra that's like very tight and i think that is supposed to help but would you recommend that or not yes i recommend that if they can use these two together get a little better memorize or you have to straight up you have to the back the back can you be straight or not straight is the signs to see how healthy you are okay that's the different different course how to look at the body posture to define are you healthy or not healthy is look at the back so just look at the you want to see the roof if a roof sink you know something's wrong right you want to see the straight so the back is must be straight so must even particularly when you say that at the young girls if they do this then they deliberately force themselves at the wrong postures and then the bladder meridians never have a chance for the um they already developed the fully expression it itself understand the concept if you never have a chance to fully expression yourself what's happening depression anxiety so therefore you can use this posture to hiding this but you will develop and kind of mental issue which ones are better yeah okay so it does affect your bladder function yes it would be good to use one of those sports bras yeah okay good thank you you're welcome all right master lu that's it any closing words for us to the hard-boiled egg enjoy the this man we need the feedback so what do you guys thinking even you don't have a pain even you don't have a we all have a different level of pain you still need to enjoy this kind of ancient treatment experience they give you a complete use that one and any area shoulders lower back any area experience the feeling i tell you you guys should love it okay that's it so study hard you still need to go back to real study real listen because i assuming i assuming you guys do the homework so that's why i put everything together and try to help you guys see the this framework this framework how you need after this framework you can see many angles you can see many possibilities over there okay study hard thank you so much you're welcome have a good night thank you you too good night everyone thank you again
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 10th Call 5.5.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 11th Call 5.12.25.txt ----
Hi guys, of course it's wonderful to be with you and I'm sure you're so excited to hear all about inflammation. Actually I am too because it's really, it's a very important topic. So Master Liu, we're ready. 

My turn, all right. So because the purpose we do this, I pick up the one is a common conditions of fathers, not called the fathers. It's not, how do I say that? Most likely because of today's society, you're all going to get it. 

Most likely and most people all going to get it. Just which level you get it and how deep will impact to your life. Right. 

I think that's a very, you know, very serious issue called the modern society issue. And we don't, we don't pay attention until real issues exist. Right. 

Then we'll be too late. We'll be too late because they are not just like a virus. It's not like a material. 

They are just like, they are, how do I say that? Virus and the material is a falling. They enter your body. Inflammation is you create. 

So that's why it's difficult. You create it from the inside out. You have to understand that's why it's difficult. 

Right. So as today, then how can we, we all study the five element framework now, because we say this framework is so powerful, so useful. You can use it for anytime, anywhere, anything. 

So that's why I have to choose one, the most, the most complicated, one of the most complicated modern, you can call illness or disease or modern sentence. So we're going to discuss. All right. 

So you guys should be ready. Buck it up. All right. 

So we're going to today's because it's a pretty serious issue. Usually I don't prepare, but this time I do have a little bit I prepare. Right. 

I do prepare a little bit. Okay. So start. 

So inflammation, there's two kinds, right? One chronic, I know the, what's called the, how do I put this? One is the chronic, one is the, what do you call it? Laryngitis. No, no, no, no, no. Imagine the, oh, suddenly see my mind's gone. 

So anyway, I do the different way. I do the different way. So why is it you can see that, right? So active that, which is called immediately, you know, you see the infection. 

That's the, that's called the alert. I'm not called that emergency call. How do I call it? Oh, I'm forgetting English.

Acute. That's why I see. I think stuck in my soul. 

Now I have issues. Now I get my problem. So acute, I don't have to say it because most of the time we can identify, right? We are going to say that something you can not identify, but you do have to feel, you do have a feeling, but the test hasn't shown yet. 

You know what I'm saying? If you go to see your doctor, they run the test. Maybe they only see a little bit that you will red blood cell lower, maybe white blood cell counts high, or maybe something, maybe you feel chronic low feeling, just a little bit, not too much. It doesn't kill you, but it doesn't help. 

It doesn't help you. You're just stuck at there, right? But some can be pretty serious, like a chronic fatigue, right? CFS, right? Chronic fatigue symptoms. You feel tired, but all the tests, perfect, normal. 

Then they think you're cuckoo, right? You're a mind issue, but it's not. You do feel right. That's the sound thing. 

So other things that can be much serious now look like UTIs, calm goals, hanging there, you know, sometimes can be virgin discharge. Also can be the other things that can be sore throat. Your throat always have something hurts, but when you drink hot water, feel better.

Sometimes you drink cold water, feel better, you know, calm goals, right? Sometimes you feel at the night, you always feel thirsty, order something, this kind of sense, but test is normal. That's the dangers. So what are you going to do? Only when you go to the good Chinese doctor, good one, lousy one, they still cannot see, but a good one, they will recognize, uh-oh, something you have to be aware. 

You are the wrong path now. You don't try to immediately start the symptoms. Sooner or later, we'll get you, right? So I think we should say that this way.

Why? Now the question is always why? The why is called because we say everything is energy, right? Everything is Qi. Qi has energy, energy has a consciousness, consciousness is the purpose, because there's always energetic processing. It's energy processing. 

So how do we define it? See, the Eastern and the Western to deal with these things is totally upset, totally upset, right? Just like hyper-pressure, Western thinking, something's wrong, let me control you. The Eastern thinks that, hey, you shouldn't control, you should influence, you should erase, right? It's not to say you don't have money, you have a lot of money, no, you're so poor, you have poor, you have energy deficiency. So the quantity, so for this information, quantity is similar like hyper-pressure is energy too low. 

It's not too high, right? Even though you feel fever, infection, all this, the heat, where's the heat come from? You don't have a fire. It's like a compost, right? Anyone do the gardens, you know, you know compost. I don't think many people do the compost anymore. 

So garbage bag, yes, a perfect garbage bag. If you tie to a garbage bag for two days, no air, why you feel the heat? See, nothing's moving. That's not a real heat, but it's a heat. 

It's not like a stove, it's like a microwave, right? Microwave heat, it's a heat, but it's not a fire, right? So that one, I would like each one of you to recognize. So therefore, it's infection without it, and without it, what I call the bacteria, without it, so the, what I call the once a bacterial virus, without it, right? It's without it. So it's environment, environment change. 

Now think this one thing, I would like everyone to think this. If water can flow freely, water can flow, doesn't tend to smell, right? If water doesn't flow, stuck there behind the water, what's happening? Smell, right? Tend to smell. So the idea is something doesn't flow freely. 

Why doesn't flow? You don't have qi, you don't have energy to flow. Why you don't have qi? Why you don't have energy? You eat, you eat organic food, expensive now, you buy expensive organic egg, cost you $1.50 or $2.00 one now, right? Why it doesn't help you? You take a lot of supplement. Why it doesn't help you? Because you are constantly used and constantly in motion. 

So the Chinese medicine deal this kind of situation. Hundreds of years ago, already come out ideas, because when you overused, over moving, right? Overused, they will cost energy of the balance, like yin and yang. What is yin and yang? The yang is emotion, motion. 

Today, I know while I'm talking, definitely someone already checking your message immediately. I see you, don't worry about that. I see you. 

No, I'm not going to see you. Look at that. If I'm going to see you, what's happening? I'm aware. 

I don't want to be aware. I cut off my actual energy. You see that? I don't care. 

So therefore, I save my energy. If I care, I spend energy. Understand this? So while I'm talking, you will listen to me, but you don't want to miss any other things. 

When your cell phone get the text message, you're immediately alert. That motion itself costs your energy. It costs the energy. 

Then also, the lifestyle of today costs us constant emotions, moving, daytime and the nighttime. At night, no one sleeps at 10 o'clock. Most people don't do that way. 

11, 12, 1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, still texting. Even before going to bed, still checking my message. So you're constantly doing this. 

What's happening? Energy. Constantly spending. So all the energy. 

Because of energy. It is energy. Now we go back to the five element framework. 

Each organ has energy. Each organ, each element has two organs. We show you. 

Now you can see. We put the five element framework up. Now look at it.

Each element. The wood element has liver and gallbladder. The fire element has a heart and small intestine. 

Earth, spleen and the stomach. And the metal is the lung and the large intestine. Water is the kidney and the bladders. 

Okay, now follow me. So here we're going to get exciting. Since we are going to do this, because all the activity, motions, is relied on the young organs.

Right? The two organs. One is the organ. The other one is the bowel. 

Right? So gallbladder, small intestine, stomach, large intestine, and the bladder also has a sanjiao. All these organs, they are in charge of the motion. Therefore, they create vibration more.

They create the energy. So therefore, they create heat. Not that they create the fire.

Think this now. Right? So all these organs, sanjiao, gallbladder, small intestine, large intestine, bladder, they are in charge. That's the young organ and the young meridians. 

Because they are moving. They are constantly moving and constantly being used. Otherwise abused. 

Therefore, caused the inside organ cannot be catch up. Now listen to me carefully. Now here is the yin and yang concept I'm putting in now. 

Right? That's one of the most important fundamental concept, yin yang concept. Because this side is yang, all these organs and the meridians, what you see on the now, on the screen, they are constantly moving. So what do they do? When they constantly moving, the other part, each one has a partner, they supposed to support, give more qi, allow they can move. 

But unfortunately, they can't. They cannot catch up. Understand? Because they cannot catch up. 

So that's why it's called the deficiency. Deficiency. That's why it's a deficiency. 

That's why they create the heat. The heat itself is the requirement, is the environment of the qi. We call, or you call, or today people call it information. 

That's why. But how do we make this one become level? Which one become different? Which one is more important in today's life? In my opinion, we can say there's three levels. Right? The first one is the Sanjiao and the Gobra. 

Level one. So what do you see? Level one, Sanjiao and the Gobra. So which means in the five element framework, so they are what? They are liver and heart, right? They are liver and the fire, which you call, they are wood and the fire. 

So that's why you see the wildfire. Why so many wildfire? Every time wildfire happens, difficult to control. Why? Your Sanjiao is what? The Sanjiao has meridians, but doesn't have organs.

The only have energy meridians inside your body, but without the physical evidence, physical organs. Because each meridians, there's always organs, always partners. But only Sanjiao doesn't have a body. 

They are not inside our body, but they are outside. Get out of here. They are outside our body, which is at the space, at our solar system, can be in your life source. 

So that is the level one. So this one, if they out balance, they always see acute situation. What's called acute situation. 

Suddenly you go out, have a dinner and then come home. Then suddenly you have all whole body become itchy, red and the fevers and the calm goes. And suddenly you can be very serious.

The skin issue, headache issue, vomiting issue, the body, all the acute issue, most likely related to the Sanjiao meridians. So that's why it's so difficult, so difficult to control. Even though it's acupuncture, difficult to make it this because they are so powerful. 

Anyway, level two is the stomach and the large intestine. Stomach and the large intestine is very important. Why they important? Because the food, because the skin, because of the digestive system, right? Because of your face, because the entire this part, this part, stomach and large intestine in our five element framework, they are belong to what? They are belong to lung, the metal and the earth, right? You see that? It's a metal and the earth.

They are mother and the child relation. That's always mother-child relationship. That's always Xiangsheng relationship. 

In this Xiangsheng relationship, but they also have a similar frequency, similar energetic frequency. We say the stomach is for the digestive food, but also stomach. Earth also can processing, not just the food, earth can processing everything, right? Everything, your emotions, your activities is the earth, right? The consciousness is earth.

So if everything cannot be processing, what's happening? Stuck, right? If it doesn't processing that, what's happening? Then it's stuck. When it's stuck, what's happening? Heat. When they accumulate the heat, when they accumulate that, they are create environment, doesn't flow. 

Then information will coming up. That's level two. Level three, the bladder and the small intestine. 

So here has a tricky part. So even I put them level three, but somehow the level three controlled entire 70% of the body, right? Our body, 70% of our body is the water. All the water processing must go through the bladders.

You see how difficult it is? So all the heat, what's happening in the heat? Burn out your body fruit, burn your liquids out, burn your internal waters. So even though they are at the level three, they are not the most acute, they are called more under, called undercover, or called underground. Slowly suck out your energy. 

You have a real field. When you will find it, it's too late. I don't know how many people have the experience and then you're going to sleep and next day wake up, oh, suddenly your skin get dry.

It's so dry, you have no idea, no matter how much water you drink, the dryness doesn't go away. Why? That's happening because it's underground slowly, slowly, slowly until one of the level, they cross the line, point, no return. So that's why I put them there as this kind of level. 

So for you guys, you learned this way what you see, okay? So if we are going to feel the information, so we have to see how serious issues around us, right? How serious? So we have to be aware. So we have to be aware the levels, the levels impact to us, okay? So after this one, what are we going to do, right? What are we going to do? Take five elements of framework again. Now you understand, so we already say that because these things is out of balance, right? It's out of balance. 

So the goal, the goal is create balance. Yin and Yang must be balanced. If it can balance, it doesn't change, right? Disease cannot enter. 

So the entire information is a body of the balance, Yin Yang of the balance, right? Hot and cold, water, fire and water of the balance. The balance can be individual organs of the balance, liver of the balance, liver in the gallbladder of the balance, the heart and the small intestine of the balance, individual of the balance, you overused. What's called out of balance? I'll give you an example.

If, you know, sometimes it's a job related, right? So if you're the job, it's a night shift, then it's tough. If you already have a chronic fatigue symptoms, almost impossible to fix, impossible. Because you have a night shift, at the nighttime cost the double, triple the energy, because we already talked about this for the sleeping issues, right? Then you need to think about organ with the Maria's relationship, because it's location also, right? The organ with the Maria's relationship, how can we create a balance? Think, how can we create a balance between the organ and the Maria's? That's the second one we need to be aware. 

Now the third one, how do we be aware? Your emotions, your mind, your desire, your creativity with your organ and with your Maria's, how do they get a balance? So every time you want something, your energy change. You do something, your body change. There's a constant energy in and out, the young up and down, that's always at the circle. 

How do we create a balance? Then the last one is your lifestyle, your lifestyle with your environment, with your eating habits, your diet, your organs, natures. Now all these combinations together, what's happening? Can you create a balance? So once I put these one, two, three, four, five together, so what do we see here? We see that information is not that simple things to deal, because they can relate it to the season, right? Have you found that your season change, your information change, your body change? Why at the winter your skin get dry? Then definitely you can blame the heat, you can blame the other things, but you never look at that as you with the environment, your enemy, the killing enemy, killing with the natures, right? You will never look at it this way. You will never look at it in the summer now. 

So yes, now the weather, once the weather get good, we all go to the beach under the sun. So what do we do? We put the sun lotion, sunblock and lotion. So we say protect my skin, right? How nice, but I don't care my organs. 

I don't care my brain. I mean, I care my skin. So I don't get skin cancer, I might get my brain damaged. 

So what's happening? What kind of mind you be thinking this way, right? So I don't understand. I'm just saying to you, because for you guys after this class, you should be able to see, no, I shouldn't do this way, right? I shouldn't put the lotions on, go to the sun. So all of these things has to be considered, particularly if we want to start to deal with this serious issue. 

The serious issue, it is called a serious issue in my opinion, because that's a serious issue that causes the real out of balance, real out of balance. And they are sneaking in and doesn't cause the real serious pain, but will slowly, slowly, slowly make entire system of the balance. Then serious issues, serious issues will happen. 

When the serious issue happens, the body already gone too far, already gone too far, because it's a system issue. See the difference? This one happens at the system. It's an entire organ, entire elements function, entire relationship function disorder. 

Okay. Now we'll go back to that. We know this cause, we know that issues. 

So how do we diagnosis? Right now, now go to fun. So how do we diagnosis? How do we see that? Right. So that's always the same location, location, location, right? We started with the location. 

So first you started with the location, but sometimes information, this kind of things are difficult to get the location, right? They are difficult to get a location, but that they might. So I'm going to put something, jump a feather, mix them together to say, you don't get a location, but you get a sentence still, right? I give you one. Number one, thirsting. 

Does anyone have experienced you suddenly feel thirsty? Doesn't matter how big a bottle of water you can carry, you can carry one ounce, you can carry you can carry a gallons of water, right? Doesn't matter how much you drink, you still feel thirsty. Particularly, particularly at the nighttime, you are thirsty, you wake up, even someone can wake up thirsty. Then that is very, very, very serious signs. 

Pay attention. Pay attention. That's the science to show you, you already have a pretty serious information. 

Always say, it's the science to say body accumulate a lot of heat. They need water, but this kind of heat is not a materialized heat, see? So otherwise, if a materialized heat, you put the ice, you put the water, it can be controlled, but doesn't control them. No matter how much you drink, right? Doesn't help you.

You go to check, still doesn't show any kind of very serious number yet, but that's the science. That's the science already show you. Could be, so not here, could be lung issue, could be stomach issue. 

Then what's part will be kidney issue, but most likely, you wouldn't see as the liver or as the heart issue. So here, the three of these organs, you must be considered issue. You must see, right? Does it have other things? Now, now, listen to me, right? So because now we see these three organs, lung, stomach, and kidney. 

So we still don't know which one. So we need to continue to see, does it have other issues? Does it have other symptoms involved with my thirsty constipation? Now we'll go to that. If suddenly you find my bowel movement is not become normal anymore.

So what do we learn for the five elements? The bowel is what? Is colon. The colon is what? With the lung, right? So therefore you see, oh, my inflammation, maybe, maybe, I'm just serious, maybe, but related to my lung and related to my colon. Now you can see because of summer, maybe you just have a party, maybe you just travel, right? You have fun, you travel because your diet is lousy diet, always a barbecue, always a bagel, you know, eat all this junk food. 

So therefore maybe it's your diet issue. So the stomach can be impacted, right? Now, if, so here, look at your stomach. So if you find your stomach broader, if you find that suddenly your head become bad breath, now what? Now the stomach will become part of the issue. 

So still go back into the disease three organ again, what are you going to do? Now look at this issue. I'm just throw these things to you, right? So even though we can analyze the sentence, we can penetrate, understand this sentence related to this organ sounds. How are we going to start? How are we going to find it? How are we going to deal with it and try to get a balance? How to do it, right? Think, how are you going to do it? Deal the stress, deal the organ, don't deal the organ, don't deal the earth, don't deal the organ already has issue, deal the organ has the last issue, right? So, so far all the sentence only show at the what? Stomach, colon, lungs, right? Maybe kidney a little bit, but doesn't show my liver yet, right? So therefore maybe this time I can start with my liver, right? I can start with my liver and my kidney first, right? I start the organ become stronger one first, right? So the first I have to real deal is am I have a stress? Am I have emotional issues? Can I calm down? Can I be peaceful? Understand use the strength to deal your weakness. 

Instead you can jump in, right? At this time we can say, okay, my stomach has an issue. You can change your diet. That's the one thing. 

Your lung issue, you can do something. You can take something softer, you know, some, some kind of herb over can help you about a little bit softer and eliminate something first, but sometimes can help, but sometimes doesn't help, right? But a survival element framework we see doesn't matter. The one change, the whole change, strength one and the strength the whole, right? That's what we learn. 

That's what we learned the beauty of the five element consciousness framework. They are interconnect. So you chose different one, getting me in the other way, what you can do, what are we going to do? That that's because that's so simple just at the beginning.

So what do we need? We need to sleep, right? Remember the first class we talk about this sentence sleep because the sleep is at the beginning. The body still knows how to heal itself. So therefore the sleep become the first, the first, the treatment for yourself.

You have to think about it. Okay. That's what I just say that it's a concept, right? It's a concept of the sentence. 

Now we are going to get a serious one. Okay. So I'm going to put out the one of the very serious one, which is the one of the chronic. 

What is this one? Yeah, that's right. This is a, yeah. Quantitative, thoughtful, right? They can give it a nice vocabulary. 

That's why then I'm just use the kindergarten, but the software where your soul has issue. Why is so it's difficult? Why? We still say location, location, location, right? The soul location. Why is so difficult? Look at that. 

How many Marines entered the soul? Large intestine, sand gel stomach, liver, kidney, pericardium. So what do we say here? Still have a lung. We're missing the lung in here. 

Go there. Right. So yeah. 

Anyway, so why is so difficult? Why is so difficult? Because this location has a two type of the Marines, both cross here. And the most of the location only either young Marines or in Marines, right? Very art has both Marines in and young. Both can go there, right? There are not many place.

There's not. So that's why your soul is so unique. Your voice is so unique. 

So they want correct your voice to study you, right? Your voice can be verbalization to you now. That's why they use your voice, right? Why is unique? Because the organ, because the Marines. That's number one. 

Number two, because of this case is unlike any kind of case. These cases can be startled, can be startled with the heat first, generally speaking. Then suddenly the cold enter. 

So the heat would be at the center and the cold around the outside. So think about your throat. Hold the one bone outside. 

Outside is ice. Inside is a fire. Can you imagine this kind of bone stuck in your throat? No wonder uncomfortable.

Constantly, right? Constantly. You want to spread it out. Doesn't come out. 

You want to sweat it down, doesn't sweat it down. So constantly there, you constantly deal. And then no matter what kind of antibiotic, never can cure. 

No matter, generally speaking, even Chinese medicine, not many people can deal with this type of the issue. It's the tough, tough, tough issues. It's not easy to deal because the Marines, because the locations and because the condition so unique. 

The unique is Marines first. Now it's either heat and cold or cold with the heat. How do we know? If a diagnosis is wrong, you cannot deal.

All you treatment is add more problems. If we do as the Western way, think it is infection and try to kill, you cannot impact in. You only do outside. 

But real problem is inside. They lock it together. It's like a silk, silk roll, tightening together. 

How can you open it? The more you pull, the tighter they are. You have to very light to do. Right? It's very difficult.

It's a very, very difficult situation because the Marines, because this. That's number one, right? Now see this. Now, has any other more issues on top of this kind of difficult issue is male, female. 

If a male gets this type of the issue, it will be more difficult to fix than the female because they, you meet the body. It's more difficult. Right. 

Now after this, if we're going to see this part, right? Go back to the five element framework. I'm just giving you guys have an understanding. When you see the five element framework, there are so many Marines involved. 

The most, the most, two of the major Marines in charge at the in charge. One is larger intestine. One is Sanjao. 

These two Marines in charge. The other one is not in charge, but still in charge. The liver is not in charge, but when the liver getting in charge, it will be more difficult because the liver become foreigner getting in. 

It's in Marines add into the young Marines. You see what I said here? So you didn't see that, right? You see that we say larger intestine is young Marines. Sanjao is the young Marines. 

These two Marines in charge at the soul, just two major highway. Think of this, right? Two major highway, but you know, in this intersections, that's in the other path. Most likely the gate is closed. 

Just thinking this. The only ones, the blue moons and the gate will open and you don't know when they open. Only when they open is emotions trapped under there and the gate will open and something will trap, go through that, go up. 

So if that open up, allow the emotions, which is the liver getting in. If liver getting in, that's become dangerous. So once this gate open, that means liver has opportunity go beyond the throat. 

Do you know what am I going to say now? If a liver go beyond the throat, then the liver will push the blood into the brain. That's why the stroke happens. The gate go through. 

So I know I shouldn't say that this, you know, only, but I rather tell you guys, you know, that's what I learned. So it's like a story. It's like what you know, the underlying human body of the Marines and the locations, how do they working together? So go back to this kind of situation because it's difficult, right? It is difficult. 

So in order to deal with this difficult, now we say Sanjiao and the large intestine. The Sanjiao Marines with the Godbrother Marines, they are same energy frequency. I deal the Godbrother, which is I deal the liver, I can deal the Sanjiao. 

I can deal the Sanjiao. So therefore the Sanjiao is what? Sanjiao and the pericardium, they are both in the fire elements, right? The fire elements with the metal elements. What's the relationship here? Support, or you can call Xiangke, is a support.

Their job, their job or their duty is try to keep the lung and the large intestine function normal. Understand what I say now? So I still can go back to the why I can do this way because Sanjiao difficult to deal. Then I only can deal their twin brothers, which is Godbrother.

I can flow my liver and the Godbrother get the balance first and deal the Sanjiao. When I can deal the Sanjiao, then I will be able to go back to my larger intestines and the lung. So I deal my liver function. 

So the liver with the earth is what's the relationship? It's a Xiangke, right? But also is what? It's a support. Then therefore, what's happening? I strain the mother of the lung of the colon. You got it? So by doing this, even though it's a difficult situation, I still be able to get in and slowly and gently and deal this issue.

Okay, now we go to the second case. Today also will be difficult, right? So one of the case, all right, let me go to, let me see, go to the UTI, right? So I know, so that's here. It's not what I say acute, right? It's not a cause by infection. 

It's not a cause by bacteria. It's caused by emotions. Many women has experienced your emotions after balance UTI happens, right? I do. 

I see the many patients as they're, every time they go vacation, she always get a go figure, right? You don't need to go figure, you know, immediately. Yeah. Why? Yeah. 

You just say, I don't want the relationship, but you don't want to say that you don't want to make the guy feel guilty, feel something. You just say, Hey, I got it, UTI, so we cannot have it. Right. 

But anyway, this relationship also is a difficult relationship. This difficult case because it's not infection. So you take antibiotic, cause the liver issue, cause the stomach issue, cause it. 

And sometimes one or two, three, even take four runs still doesn't happen. Doesn't fix and cause more issues because it doesn't create that from outside. It's created from an inside.

Look at the five element framework again. UTI happens, it's a bladder or it's the liver. Most likely, most likely it's related to the bladder function.

Most, but this time the bladder function disorder is caused by liver function disorder, right? So you have to understand what it cost. Even though we can have a many choice, we can do this pair, we can do that, that pair, but the real issue, the real issue, the real issue is come from what we say is acute. Who created acute? Sanjiao. 

The Sanjiao with the Godbrother is the same frequency directly or indirectly. Understand it's acute. So therefore it's acute.

They come fast and that they can go fast. So if you can deal with emotions quickly, but unfortunately you can't. Many people doesn't look at this one as the emotions issue. 

They look it's a bacterial issue and they try to do the antibiotic, but it's not. You understand? It's not. It's an information created by your emotions.

Wow. Does someone, you know, that's new weapons, right? We just talk about it. Can you imagine bacteria can create by your mind? Wow. 

That would be amazing, right? But five elements framework is doable. Anyway, that's another way I'm talking about here, right? We talk about the healing. We're not talking about the killing. 

So therefore here you have to see this kind of, so that's why because the heat created burning sensation. Because this kind of heat caused information, caused your lower back pain, caused the lower abdominal pain. Because what? Qi doesn't flow freely. 

The liver Qi involved. So if you understand this kind of concept, even though you're in this five element framework. So allow the liver Qi flow freely first. 

Even though during this time, maybe, maybe, right? Your urination is difficult. You make a bowel movement flow. The bowel can flow freely. 

Maybe urination also can flow freely. So drink more honey water, right? In Paris. It does something, allow the bowel can flow. 

Then the heat will soothe this elimination, releasing it. It's a body sun cumulated fake heat, which called a fake fire. Chinese call the heat, right? Chinese call the Xu Huo. 

That's the one of the nice name. They call the Xu. It's not a real fire, right? It's not a fire. 

It's a fire. It's the heat. It's not a fire.

So in order to do this, deal the emotions. Look at this angle. Okay. 

So we discuss two cases now, right? After this, what do we have to discuss? We have to discuss, and let me see, what do we have to discuss? That's why we need to discuss this case now. All of this information happens, came at the many different levels. The bottom line is the body of the balance, visible and invisible.

Emotions and Qi and organs, they are all of the balance. So the balance is the goal. It's a primary goal, how to keep the balance. 

But you cannot feel the balance or they see the problems, right? The prevention is the best care. So what is the prevention? Prevention is a try to discuss, try to discover earlier warning signs, right? Early warning signs. So early warning signs, I say the many things, right? Sleeping issue, you suddenly find that you have a sleeping issue, insomnia. 

That's the number one, sleeping issue is the major issue to cause your information. Because why? I think each one of you supposedly, if I do this final exam, I will come out with one question. Why sleeping is the number one cause of the information? Does you guys know how to answer that? You should be. 

You should be. You can find Yin Yang concept. You can see, you can find the purpose of the sleeping.

You can see many different ways to give me the answer, right? Too bad, I'm not gonna, maybe I should exam you guys. No, that's joke. So don't worry about it. 

No, that's no, no, it's a self-control. You are self-contained. How about that? Make yourself contained.

You're all happy with what you get, right? The sleeping is number one. Number two, skin. Skin is the largest organ and the skin is the external allow you communicate the inside with the outside, right? The skin become as the mirror allow you see your inner body.

So you better rewatch yourself in the skin, which part and the change of the color, change the textures, right? Then you can base on the location of the disease and the marines and the local and the organs. So some answers we already have charts at the beginning tell you, your elbows, your knees, and you belong to which organs, right? Have you find some people knee get dry and elbow get dry, right? When the back get dry. So they are always has some meanings.

They are never has accident. Okay, that's the one of the two things we haven't discussed in this course. One is the yin yang concept much deeper, right? Second is the marines. 

Now you see why the marines is so important, right? So important because we don't have time now. So next time see, you know, that's the two things we haven't truly getting deep. Okay, go back to the third one, the breath, right? The breath change is the signs. 

You will have early warning sign. So the breath, the bad breath also has two levels. One is like a smell like, you know, the food. 

The one is a smell like a real bad name because of real bad that smell is from the colon all the way travel up. The other one bad smell is related to your stomach, right? You have to see the smell based on the sour. If it's based on the food, there's some processing that's the stomach issue. 

If it's based on the other so bad smell, that's colon, right? So you have to identify that if you suddenly find out the bad smell doesn't do, you know, also you see the someone you don't sleep at night, you know, do things, walking at the nighttime, do a couple things, and then suddenly breath change. Bad breath, either sour, metal taste or something. That's it, right? Number four, constipation, right? Elimination. 

The constipation cannot also is the science to allow you to see how much you're inside the moisture. Because when you pass eliminate something, the moisture of the body is to see is earlier warning science to see do you have actual body create actual heat, right? Inflammation to burn, to burn your body fruit. You understand? So that's the early warning sign you better catch.

Right? Number five, I think I already say that again, dry. The mouth dry. So therefore, therefore, if not necessary, do not continue to drink water, because later you don't know.

Right? I would like to continue to carry the water, you continue to drink, continue to drink. Now, later, he doesn't know what's happening. If not necessary, don't drink. 

So this way, when you need a drink, you are easy to see, oh, there's something's wrong. Generally speaking, there is five, five earlier warning signs can help us to recognize there are some things not right now. I better start to do, to do something to fix, right? Okay, now what we're how do we self-care, right? So I know we said, because the one is a very difficult, we say everything's a heap, right? It's out of balance. 

So in order to make it get a balance, there are three, there are two of the major acupuncture points you guys should massage if possible, or you should become like a daily, how to call it, the exercise, right? You should give yourself a massage, particularly before go to the bed. So you should show that these are two points. Yeah, first one is under, yeah, it's your kidney issue, kidney one. 

That's the second one, right? You should massage that, use your hand, the kidney one, use your hand to massage it. So you cross left, left hand to the right feet, right hand, you know, right hand to the left, right? Do the cross massage yourself to get a balance, right? To get a balance. So, because when you use your hand, you use your heart, you use your, you know, the foot, you know, the feet, that feet is the kidney, it's the water, fire, and the water get a balance. 

Yourself will become the balance, right? That's the number one, you should do that if possible, every day, at least, you know, you can do. Then particularly do, if you massage this point, also can help your quality of your sleep. Number two point, this one in the Chinese is called the san in jiao. 

San meaning three, in just in meridians, jiao meaning cross, idea is three in meridians cross this point. Three major meridians cross intersection to this point, liver, spleen, and the kidney. So therefore, you massage this point, you are massage this three major meridians, the relationship.

So what is, in after you massage this, you create the what? You create the loop, right? You create the kidney, you see that? That's right, you guys already can see that now, right? You see the kidney, liver, and the spleen, that's the loop, right? The triangle loop. So therefore, this point, this point I put it here with the classical acupuncture book, totally different. How to find this point, right? You can, based on the center, the bone, which is everyone has a bone, center lines go up, then go to the half to the outside, almost like a quarter to the outside. 

Idea is you divide it for the quarter. So that's why this point is on the bone, right? That's number one. That's very easy. 

It's on the bone, okay? Then second thing, if not necessary, most likely do not, do not acupuncture this point. Do not use needles, please. You use the needles, you interrupt the intersection of the three in meridians, right? Particularly, particularly if you are already out of balance, you cause you're more out of balance. 

Okay, so now that's the number, that's the yourself can do. Now the food will be very easy, right? The food, definitely, we say that you guys should eat more mung beans, right? You should get the mung beans, you should get the barley. Why mung bean and barley? The mung bean good for the liver, barley good for the stomach, right? You need the radish. 

Radish is good for the stomach, right? What's that one? No, that, that, um, I'm just a test to you guys because I put the herbal there. It's not a, it's not that I'm suggesting you guys, right? Because I know it's on the internet. Everybody listen and say, hey, take a turmeric, right? Chinese called the Jianghuang. 

Do not take that. That's my opinion. Do not take that because you don't have infection. 

You don't have infection. This herb is for someone does have infection. You have a fake infection. 

So you take this herb, their herb essence is worn. So your body already have too much worn. You add more worn and more problem because this herb is based on the western medicine concept. 

They can control infection. Understand? It's a chemistry level to understanding the herb. We say this information is in and out of the balance. 

To balance the body is the goal. To treat the infection is not the goal. You treat the symptoms. 

You are not the treat the root cause of the problems. Okay. So that is the most important. 

I know every, I know, you know, you guys sooner or later going to ask this question. I'd rather, before you ask it a question, let me say that name, you have ideas, right? When someone already taken this one, please stop. If you use that, that's a different idea, right? So if you say I'm taking this one for circulation, for my blood circulation, then that's okay. 

For arthritis, that's okay. But if you say I'm taking that one for information, that's not okay. That you might create more information to your body. 

You make your body more of the balance. I think I covered everything. Should be, should be enough for all you can digest. 

I know that may be too much for you guys. You just have to do that. I know it's a very difficult concept, right? Because it's a difficult this kind of information. 

It is one difficult. That's why the many years ago I created Xiao Dao concept is to make sure it's okay when you doesn't know which organ, how do we start, right? So that's the different kind of case. It is not easy, but we still need to know as long as, as long as we are following the five element consciousness framework, as long as you don't want just fix the sentence, you want to create balance, then you will never make mistake.

Open up for the questions. Okay, please raise your hand if you have any questions. We'll take a few.

Orla, do you have a question? Go ahead. Hi. Yes. 

So my question is from the earlier parts of the talk where you started off with like the more general symptoms, you know, where nothing is too severe. So you said the person is thirsty and maybe constipation and maybe some dry skin in winter, for example. So these are general symptoms that could show up for, you know, for so many people.

But let's say we decide to use this approach at this stage before anything is like too serious. What about a time frame for improvement? What is a time frame for improvement? So how fast do you want to be? Yeah. So like, so it's, that's okay.

So depending, see, so that's why it depends on what did you see. So sometimes you say, oh, I want to improve on my skin. Then the skin is the last one. 

You might have other things first without the other get a balance. The skin wouldn't get a balance, doesn't show. So the only way to make you see, oh, even though I put the effort, try to create a balance, maybe I still not get a balance at this level. 

You might get a balance at the other level, but you don't see doesn't mean never changes. Yeah. Okay. 

So that's why it takes, which means that it's the level of the diagnosis is the level of the understanding the sentence, right? So how can we see something invisible? That's difficult. It's a challenge for each one of us. And the most difficult challenge is not a diagnosis. 

It's the patients themselves, the lifestyle, right? Because this comes back to my understanding. The information is a patient body patient himself or herself created from inside out, not from outside in. So that's why difficult unless they change the lifestyle.

Yeah. Thank you. Go ahead, Nancy.

Thank you. So thank you so much. So what is the connection between inflammation and arthritis? You seem to distinguish them. 

No, because arthritis is acute already showed everything. I don't have to deal the doctor professional going to deal. I deal something. 

No evidence. Yeah. Too bad, huh? That's right. 

So therefore it's no evidence. Yeah. We got, I got lots of evidence. 

That's my name. That's another, my business. So you'll find that someone knows this evidence. 

Oh, thanks. Now you tell me. Hi, Pamela. 

Go ahead. Hi. Would you please clarify again what you, the location of spleen six, you said it's against the bone, right? Which is where the books say, but then you said a little bit more lateral to, to the, what it says in the books or I'm not sure. 

In the book is all back. The book disappoint is a behind. Yeah. 

It's almost at the there. That's right. Don't move. 

That's right. The book isn't there. Okay. 

So that's in the book. What I learned is this point. That's right on the bone. 

That's why it's on the book. Okay. And, and also how long do you think we need to massage kidney one and spleen six for how long? My opinion, you know, you want to have the least of five minutes. 

Oh, okay. Without the five minutes, it doesn't do anything. Okay. 

And while I have you, is the hard boiled eggs supposed to be put in a sock warm or cool to massage hard boil injury. You need a heart. You need a heart.

Yes. You read a hot boy. And then that feels so good for the lower back pain.

That's a real good one. Got it. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Hey, Alicia. Hi. 

So funny that you brought up UTI because my dog just developed a UTI yesterday. And today I just noticed she has a little bit of leaking of urine. So I'm looking at stress and I'm also looking at fear.

What are there any points that you would suggest? And the one thing that I did notice, she was running around yesterday and they have a little ditch. And when she went to jump the ditch, she stumbled a little bit. And could it, could her body being out of alignment have compressed something that spiked the UTI or could be, could it be creating? Cause I don't think it's an infection. 

Like you said, I just, I would have picked it up sooner, but it's just interesting that that's in my awareness from yesterday of, Oh, you did trip. And she kind of stumbled forward a little bit. Can that bring on a UTI? Like stress in the physical body itself? Could that create it? No, your dog is difficult to massage. 

You cannot a dog massage you based on the dog Marines. That Marine is real. It's not real. 

You know, it's a very difficult. So you want the dog, you just massage the whole body. So instead of the Pacific Marines, okay. 

You rather give it than you rather give you a dog and dandelions. Okay. I could give her that. 

Yeah. Dandelions are all, you know, that might be better. So give it the more natural herb would be better. 

Can I give it to her as a tea? Yeah. You can give us the tea. You can bang the line, cook it with something and eat it. 

Cook with what? Like just like with her food or something. Yeah. That's what I mixed with. 

Okay. Thank you. Yeah. 

I don't know how she does. Hi, Rosalie. Last question of the evening.

Good evening, everybody. Hi, Dr. Liu. So my mind is exploded now because I have used spleen six in my acupuncture practice for a very, very, very long time. 

And I have a great affinity with that point. And I am now realizing that almost everybody I treat is out of balance. And so I'm wondering if you might suggest some other ways that I can direct my thinking toward what spleen, what I'm, why I'm using spleen six and a compromise. 

If I don't want to use a needle on spleen six, where else might I? No, use the hand. Yeah. Okay. 

Just massage it? That's right. You use a hand. You have to understand, right? The body has so many unique. 

This point is one of the unique point, right? Because it's in Maria's. They are not, how do I explain it to you? They are not the many points. Many points is a truly intersection in the body, not many.

This one is the truly intersection. So therefore, the needle, when you put it in needle point, you, if you point at the wrong direction, what's that mean? That means you guide the wrong energy goes to the wrong Maria's, right? Intersection. Suppose, suppose it's a liver. 

So you try to get the balance. You think, Oh, in Maria's, then I can get a balance. Usually, you know, acupuncture books tell you Sanjiao, this acupoint is for balance, right? For the in Maria's balance, you try to balance. 

Balance what? So then therefore, if it's a liver function problem, now the point you turn, now you guide that out the balance, the liver goes to the spleen. You never see, you're not going to see the spleen later have something issues. The problem doesn't show immediately. 

The problem can show two weeks later. All right. So therefore what I learned, I never need to disappoint my master. 

That's to say that few things never can needle. Don't touch them because if we make a mistake, that's why we say why we need the insurance. You cover you up. 

You don't want to make a mistake, right? But unfortunately, you cannot prove you make a mistake. Only someone can will you see that. But in order, we don't make a mistake name because of this one so dangerous. 

So therefore, don't put the needles. You can use a hand because a hand you massage that you, you goes to the whole area. You achieve if you're balanced, then add more balance. 

Right? You want that you are practitioners with a patient. You always practitioners level with a patient's level. It's a balance. 

How to create this true balance. The more balance you are, the more they got to benefit. The more you are the balance, the more they get to suffer more. 

No, I shouldn't say that that way. They just somehow energetic today. They energetically is a quantum entanglement, right? Maria's with a Maria is a quantum entanglement. 

That's the highest level of acupuncture. Lowest level is using needle to stimulate. Highest level is a quantum entanglement.

My liver with your liver is a quantum entanglement. Your liver, your liver will vibrate with my liver in needing without the needles. That's the Maria's build in. 

You understand? Maria's build into this capability. Unfortunately, not being taught in today's acupuncture. In the classical, always say practitioners own levels because you want to reach the level you can have a quantum entanglement without the needles. 

But without the needle, you cannot charge people. So you have to put a needle just for show. The real treatment already done is a quantum entanglement, right? So that's why my opinion, if possible, you don't need it. 

You don't need that needles. Most likely, you don't need to go there because there are so many other ways you can get a balance. Much easier. 

Avoid the problem. Avoid. That's why what I learned is try to avoid something because we are not perfect, right? We are not perfect. 

So therefore, we might get a mistake. Then why we get a mistake and cause the other issues later, right? So the safety is the first priority. That's what we always say.

What's the safety? Do not make a mistake. In the certain points, easy to make a mistake. Just like today, you see so many people, they go to other acupuncturists, they put the needles here, they put the needles here. 

You make a mistake, you make a big mistake, not a small mistake, big mistake. There are other things you can put the needles. Why put yourself into that kind of, you know, that kind of dangerous path? That's in my opinion. 

I know it's a challenge. It's not easy to, you know, to say that, but I still have to. I'm willing to share. 

That's why I say, you know, that's what I learned. You know, at least what I learned from my master. There are not many masters as today can really see marias. 

Most people teach this. They're just based on the book. They cannot see. 

But at least my master can see, really see this point here. That's why many things what I learned is different here. That's the point. 

Just like, you know, large intestine four, where I put the needle with the book's needle is totally different because that is the point. Sorry. This is wonderful. 

Thank you. I'm going to write a haiku on quantum entanglement in honor of you. And isn't the basic premise of every system of medicine first do no harm? That's right. 

Yes. Yeah. Thank you. 

Beautiful. Send us your poem. I will.

All right. Thank you, Master Liu. Wow. 

Blowing us away yet again. So much to study. So much to learn. 

Any closing words? So you guys should real study though, right? So because I, they say, you know, you guys can handle this. So that's why I dumped so many of these things to you, because I really wish you can see how this, you know, five element framework can help you deal with this complicated case, even though it's complicated, but we still be able to do and without making mistakes. That's the goal. 

You understand? So how can we deal with the case, even though I cannot very clearly diagnosis, clearly to understand what caused it, why it caused it, but I still can start healing processing without making mistakes. Follow the natural law. That's the whole purpose. 

All right. So everyone have a good night. So study that. 

Processing that. Come out of your own thoughts, own feelings. Maybe someone can fix your own problems. 

Thank you. We'll work on it. Thanks so much for your guidance. 

Thank you.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 11th Call 5.12.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 2nd Call 3.08.25.txt ----
They don't want to hear me, they either, so they just get me down, so unfortunately I don't have that kind of skill. Just everything will go there. You guys just catch that, swallowing down.

Oh, that would be dumb. Can you imagine? That would be much easier, right? So anyway, we're going to start today's class. Today's class, in my opinion, is the most important class.

The most important class. That is the key of the entire Chinese medicine, which is a real secret behind the Chinese medicine. What is? Qi. 

So everybody can talk about the Qi. Everybody can talk about the Qi, Qi, yeah, I have Qi, you have Qi, I practice Qi. What is the Qi, right? Then the other so important concept is consciousness.

But this consciousness, I have to say this to you guys, right? So in the entire Chinese medicine textbook, they talk about this consciousness, but not translate as the English of the consciousness. Sometimes they use the same words of the consciousness, the Chinese words of consciousness. And sometimes they use different words such that you can translate like essence, right? So then, therefore, today's subject is what is the difference between consciousness and Qi? That will be the topic. 

So you guys better buckle up. All right. It's very important.

Oh, you need a lot of memories. You need a lot of digestive system to digest. First one, we have to start with the Qi, because Qi is bigger.

So we put it this way, simply we say, simply we say, what is the Qi? The Qi, generally speaking, in my opinion, still we can categorize it at the four levels. Or four different categories, put it this way, not called the level, it's the category. The first level that makes everybody easier to understand Qi is the power.

Do you have Qi? Yes, I do have Qi, or I don't have Qi. When you don't have Qi, how do you feel? I feel lousy. Right? It's very simple.

I feel nothing. I don't have Qi. Right? It's Qi. 

Power. But that is not the, how do I say that? That's not the more profound way to say the power, because it is a power. But what kind of power? What kind of power? The power has two kinds of level. 

One is the visible, one is invisible power. Right? Invisible power, no one can see that. Because that's the real power, which is the real Qi at the invisible level.

Then from invisible level, become visible level. So here has one of the important concept is Qi come from where? Where they come from? That's the question we have to ask you. Where they come from? Can you get the Qi for the Amazon? Yes, Amazon Qi for sale. 

Mother's Day is coming. You get the Mother's Day. You get the Mother's Qi. 

See? Mother's Qi. So the Amazon, you cannot get Qi. So where they come from? So does anyone remember last class we say what is Dao? Dao, Dao De Jing said exactly what is the Dao? Dao is everything. 

All is nothing. Generally speaking, people say Dao is nothing. It is true. 

It's nothing. But because it's nothing, they are everything. It's infinity. 

Infinity. Therefore, Dao has Dao's Qi. So which means all the Qi originally is come from the Dao.

Then, now here coming up. Because Dao can create the oneness. Therefore, from the Dao, something has to be taken from the Dao to create oneness.

To create something. So therefore, what is it going to create? Qi. The Qi is the source. 

Without Qi, there's no life. The source. So therefore, they say Big Bang, right? Everybody here in the West.

Oh, how does the universe exist? Big Bang. But what is before the Big Bang? What comes from the Big Bang? Dao. Because Dao exists, then therefore Big Bang can come down.

Then the Qi makes a boom. Then the whole entire universe exists. Visible and invisible. 

Both sides. Then this kind of Qi can continue. Based on the character.

Based on the purpose. From the universe and come down. From the invisible to the visible.

Invisible to the visible. I'm just saying, come down to our three-dimensional. Right today, we're going to just focus on three-dimensional levels of the Qi.

That's easier. We can understand. We can easily understand.

Then Qi has two things, right? Qi can come to our life. So one is in the human body or in the nature's Qi. That kind of Qi. 

Power. That's why I say power. Everybody, oh, yeah, Qi and power.

But do you realize a different kind of power? Different kind of power. Just your body. Your power.

What is the power? Everything is a power. It's Qi. Go to the same concept.

So you have five fingers. Look. Then why different fingers have different strength? It's power, right? So if you see the power, then you suppose, as you say, why my pinky cannot hold 100 pounds? Cannot push 100 pounds.

My thumb can push 100 pounds. What's happening? Power. So that means that my thumb has more power than my pinky.

That's at a visible level, right? But at an invisible level, what's happening? Then you can use the pinky to do pinky swear. See? When you swear, what do you do? What's the power? You don't show the power. You show invisible power.

Think of it this way. And here, I'm just quickly adding this power. When we try to do pinky swear, it's the power.

But also it's what? Because you will swear. You don't swear based on the power. You will swear based on the consciousness.

The swear is not thought. It's the feelings. It's the soul deeply has something else.

It's not just the power. But also can manifest to the power. That's just a very simple concept.

Now think of the other thing. We all have a strength. We all think, I have a strength.

So what's the difference your arm can carry 100 pounds? Why your leg cannot kick 100 pounds? What's the difference? What's the difference you can run by your difficult to climb to the mountain? Or you walk up even say, oh, I'm difficult to walk upstairs. Some people difficult walk downstairs. Which muscle you are using for the strength? What kind of power? Power.

You see that? That's just a physical power. We have a real see. Because the power and because the chi different.

Then we create our life purpose. Our life event. That's just a physical.

That's just a visible level. How about invisible level of power? Your thought. Your feeling.

Your dream. Your creativity. Your imagination.

Your inner peace. You think all of this required to the different kind of power. I'm just saying different kind of power.

Mental power. Does anyone think about it? We all go to the gym. Try to create a power.

Gym is to create physical power. How about your emotional power? How about your mental power? How about your physical power? Someone make you so angry when you drive the car, cut you off. Do you have a power, inner peace? Good luck.

Can you do that? Inner peace. Right? But not easy. Mental power is not easy.

And when you have a frustrated, angry, frustrated, angry, angry, can you quickly calm down? Can you use your emotional power to lower your blood pressure? Think of this. That's the power. But unfortunately we don't know how to use these kind of power.

But we only know how to use the power as mentally create illness. Disease. Stroke.

It's a power. It's an emotional power. Let's just talk about the power.

But that's just one area, right? That's the first area everybody easier to associate that called the power. How do we see this? Then the second one is called information. But the aiming powers behind this, the power, there's always information.

The information can be where, how, when, right? Think about the birthday. Birthday's a power, right? The day which you're born, you are generate all the power, all the life source. You come out to your mothers.

All the power is there. About one year, one month, one day, one time. Every piece of information contain the elements.

So that's why they say your birthday can use as the element to say you have elements. What kind of element do you have? Fire, wood. So therefore they based on these elements to say, oh, you are missing the fire element.

You're missing the water element. So they based on this concept. That's information.

Now power and information become so unique power. So why we need this? Why we need this? For healing. That two pieces is so important.

The Chinese doctor used these two pieces, power, which is a strength, and also is information to help a doctor diagnosis what kind of condition, why happening, and what they wanted to do. What's the purpose? Now we have information, which is information. We have a power of the knowledge.

Now think of this way, when we say that everything has a chi, human body has a chi, nature has a chi, but the nature show us a totally different chi. Like now it's a spring, but the spring has a spring power. Does the spring has a spring chi? Yes, spring has a spring chi, but the spring has a spring information.

Let me use the one of the good example for you. We look at the say, everything has a power. The tree, suppose a tree has a power.

So if we see, we watch the one tree, right? That tree can be 1,000 years old, 3,000 years old. So if that tree, you look at that tree, what do you see? This tree, they call the yew tree, which is at England, is a yew forest. Inside every tree is at least 1,000 years old, at least.

So they create a gigantic field, but this one is difficult to let you see because you only see the tree, right? Not a pretty one, but when the individual one and the stand there, let me show you individual one. So when you see the individual one, this one, this one is the second oldest tree. So what do you see? But difficult to see, right? Still difficult to see, but when you look at the outside, you only see, oh, chi, can I see the chi? Can you see the chi from this tree? No, because our eye hasn't learned how to see, right? Now, can you see? Can you understand the information? Information is how old location we are.

Still doesn't see, but can you feel it? Maybe, maybe not. That's what I don't know. That's called tree.

So how about we bring out the other kind of nature, right? The other nature. So if we say, okay, does anyone understand the element have a chi, right? Different element create a different chi. The fire has a fire chi.

The wood has a wood chi. Water has a water chi. Earth has an earth chi.

But when the earth chi divided two kind, right? As today, everybody can use earth chi to build a house. House can build by earth, right? Stone, right? Dirt, cement, they all belong to the category of the earth chi. Now look at the, if a man, which is a human, based on the knowledge, based on the understanding, we can build the stone.

We use the stone to build the stone age. What do you see? Did you see just earth animals? Yeah, difficult to see, right? You don't have that kind of skill to see, right? You don't have the kind of skill to see. Then you don't have the skill to see what's the difference between the stone age and the grand canyon.

One is the nature created. One is the man created. Then the both, now here, both has a different consciousness.

Now I know you are confused now, right? You are talking to the chi or you are talking to me as the consciousness. Now is the time I'm introducing the third part of the chi. Because the chi has a consciousness and the chi has a wisdom.

What is this part? Because this part become difficult because this part is at the invisible level, but also can be at the visible level. That's why I try to say to you guys, visible level is because of the chi. Nature has a nature chi.

The grand canyon has a grand canyon chi. So you look at the grand canyon, you say, wow, so beautiful, right? Where's the grand canyon? Doesn't come out, see? Now you guys have to, based on the imagination, right? You have to quickly imagination. But when the picture coming out, oh, wow, what's happening? What's going on? And when you facing to this nature's chi, what's happening, right? You guys have to think in this.

When you feel sad, when you feel stress, when you stand, when you walk on the beach, look at the ocean, what's happening? You connect to nature's chi. So grand canyon has what? Has a power. Show the formation, shape is the power.

But chi difficult. No one can see the chi, but everybody can see the power of the shape. That's what I try to tell you guys.

We came through the shape to see the chi. Can see the chi. But we cannot, not many people can through the shape to see the consciousness.

That is the one of the difficult part. The chi, if you go through the training, you might be able to see. But consciousness goes through the training, theory's training, still very difficult to see.

That's the different levels. Because it's a hidden. What is the hidden? Now I'm gonna tell you, you guys have to learn.

Because the consciousness exists, it's for the purpose. If you don't know the purpose, then you definitely doesn't know the consciousness. Now the statement is the statement, one of the strongest statement we have to all understand.

Everything, everything has chi. Number one, everything, entire whole universe, visible, invisible, who cares what you say? But everything has chi. That's number one.

That's the first lines we all have to agree. Number two, as long as it has a chi, that's always has a consciousness. Now, as long as it has a consciousness, then it has a purpose.

Because the consciousness is behind every existence. When you exist, when you have a purpose, then you have a consciousness. The chi also contained inside and outside.

So what is this big picture for us? Chi, consciousness, and the purpose. Once you understand this, that's only one part of the consciousness. That's the second part in the consciousness, the same level is the wisdom.

The chi contain the wisdom. So when we say the chi contain the wisdom, what does that mean? That means it's their authentic purpose. That's the life source behind everything.

So that's why they're authentic. That's the wisdom. Because the chi and the consciousness to make these events, to make this object or subject exist for purpose.

No matter what you can see or you cannot see, they exist for purpose. Exist for purpose. The purpose is the most important.

The purpose is the resource. It's not a resource. Purpose is the, how to call it? It's to take action.

It's your purpose. It's to let you pull the triggers. Purpose is pulling the triggers.

The purpose is at the there. Then you have a consciousness. The consciousness is at the there for purpose.

Follow this concept. Follow this concept. Here has two things.

Two things, right? I want the people understand this concept will be much easier. So the chi, one is nature's chi, which is you cannot create it. You cannot manipulate it.

They exist. The other chi is a man-made chi, which is what? Like a Stonehenge, like a buildings, like a tables, like a house, like a cars. Every materialized has chi.

The body has chi. The body shape has chi. Look at the human body, right? You can see they are body shape change.

The chi will change. Because if you have a pain, what kind of body shape you have? You have a different kind of body shape. You will hold this, you know, you show the pain, right? If you walk this way, what's happening? Then you know, oh, that guy's back has issue, right? That's inflammation.

Chi, inflammation. Do they have a pain? They might. How do you know? Face, right? So therefore, all of this inflammation supposedly show on the body can show, can show.

They can show. So the doctors, and based on this body shape, outside the shape, to understand the level of the chi. Then for level of the chi, you should understand what's happening.

What's the purpose? Purpose, right? We say every existing has a purpose. So what is the purpose? What is the purpose to have this kind of pain? To have this kind of body shape, right? Then the last one we are going to talk about in the chi is all of this chi has to come from the source of the life. Right? The source of the life, which is the pain, say, come from the Dao.

Then it's difficult to understand this concept. Come from Dao, because Dao, Dao is everywhere. And then chi is everywhere.

That's what we say, right? We say everything has a chi. Then everything has Dao. Then everything has oneness.

Only human minds to make complicated, they make it become two, in and out. We discriminate what is good, what is bad. You are rich, you are poor, you are healthy, you are unhealthy.

You think about healthy and unhealthy, also it's a discriminate. It's not a real nature. But doesn't matter, it's chi, right? They all talk about the chi, but only different here is consciousness now.

So now go back to the, again, since we understand chi, not that we understand chi, just to say we, not to say we understand chi, I cannot use these words. We don't understand chi until you can truly experience the chi. What's called you can experience the chi? You only can experience the chi beyond your mind.

So that's why the Qigong practice becomes so important in the Chinese medicine, because they give you a direct experience to understand what is invisible levels. What is different between your life and death? Chi. The chi.

So therefore in the Tao or in the way we describe the human body, what is the human body different? Just have chi or not chi. Your life and death only different is chi and the rest is the same. You have chi, you are alive.

You don't have chi, it's done, you're gone. Chi make the difference. Now who's the chi? Now go back to the, again, who's the chi? The Taoist chi, nature's chi, universal chi.

So until here, what is it you guys are thinking? Now, do you still thinking your body is you? Or you can change your mind now thinking, my body is not my body anymore because my body just physical, this shape, behind this physical shape is invisible. The universal chi, Taoist chi, nature's chi, they accumulate, contain inside my body to make this physical shape as a life. Why we need to say this? That's the fundamental concept.

That's the fundamental concept. With this concept, then we'll be very easier to go down, to follow this way, why we need to study five element consciousness framework, not the five element framework. Because we are interesting at the invisible level.

We are interesting at the invisible level. We are not just interesting at the visible level, but we do need this visible level to make what? To help us. This visible level is helping, it's the bridge, it's a vehicle, to allow us through the visible elements, through the life experience, can go beyond this visible materialize the elements, to enter non-materialize the chi, the consciousness.

To understand every element, water elements, metal elements, earth elements, fire elements, before they exist in this earth, that's consciousness already there. The consciousness that has to be exist, then they will manifest at the visible level. The invisible level, what we see is so now, when we see fire, we see the real fire.

That's the truth, that's the real fire, right? That's because that's called the common public domain. You go to the whole world, any country, you won't say fire, it's water. You go to fire department, no one say you go to the water department, right? Can you imagine go to the wrong departments, right? Fire agent would be the water agent.

That'll be the huge difference, right? Because totally different, that's not your business. Get out. Okay, come on, get out of here.

Now here's the one thing, right? So very important concept is in this five element consciousness, because in the five element consciousness, we say that each element not just have materialize, has chi, but also has non-materialize consciousness. The purpose. So can you imagine one day, one day, so another one day, just now, right? We say, oh, I see the fire, but you can say, no, I see the Mars, right? So when you go down to the beach, you see, wow, the beautiful ocean.

Now you might say, oh, now I see the Mercury front of me. What is the difference? Because the planet, each planet is the element itself. They are outside the earth.

They still exist. Their power, their chi, their consciousness, directly, not indirectly, directly impact to the earth chi, impact to your daily life, our daily life, even though your mind, your feelings. You can say, oh, these couple of days, I don't know why I'm nervous.

I feel I have some kind of fear. How do you know this fear is not come from the Mercury? How do you know? You don't know because you never see. You don't make this connection because you don't see these connections of the energy of the consciousness.

Now here, I want to introduce a second concept in the Chinese medicine, which is so important. In the Chinese words, they call, then I use Chinese words, Tong, Qi, Xiang, Qiu. In the other words, I translate as the English, they say light attracts light, right? So therefore, we are all together based on what? Based on light.

Or in the other way, so when they say, they have one of the so good words, I think everybody under, they say the birds of feathers flock together. So if a bird of feathers can flock together, can you imagine the consciousness with the consciousness can connect together? In the other words, can you imagine your liver with the outside the tree, with the thousands of years ago, the yule tree, with the season of the spring, with the Jupiter, they are all connected. Consciousness connect to the consciousness.

Light attracts light. The both is the birds, or you say the consciousness, consciousness. Or you can say the Qi.

In the other words, we say that in my Qi can connect to the tree's Qi, or tree's Qi connect to my Qi. Outside the wind is my emotions. Can you hear the wind? My god, today is very windy this coast.

So that means my emotions is a flow. My liver is a dancing. What does that mean? That means all they connect is Qi.

Now I talk too much, and I'll end this part. I have to go back to the consciousness. So go back to the consciousness again.

Consciousness and the wisdom. The consciousness and the wisdom, and also universe, they are at different levels of the Qi. Because they are at the different levels of the Qi, then therefore, how to call it? They are not easier to connect, we'll put it.

They are not easy to connect. Most difficult part is the real Qi, the real Qi. So why I put this new vocabulary here to the real Qi? There are many different type of the Qi.

The one type of the Qi is all we can feel the outside. For example, let us to do something called magic. It's not a magic.

So everyone have a hand, two hands. Put your hand together. We all practice together.

So right now to do this, do slowly. Did you feel something? No, at the beginning doesn't feel anything. Now you put the effort, right? Slowly pull out, and slowly squeeze in, and slowly pulling out, and slowly squeezing in.

And don't let them touch each other. Just leave a little bit of that and feel that. You might feel that some people can feel immediately, oh, between here look like something now.

Yeah, you accumulate Qi. For some master, we say, see, I create the Qi. I transfer the Qi to you guys.

No, everybody has this kind of Qi. You just never see. See, the master says, the doubt is inside with us.

We just never see. But this kind of Qi, now listen to me carefully. This kind of Qi, and the Qi we are trying to describe totally different level, totally different.

This kind of Qi, everybody has. So you do a couple of times, you got it. So everybody can do this.

Yes, I can eat this. Yeah, your hand has a Qi. If you don't have a Qi, what's happening? Think about it.

If you don't have Qi, then what? You are dead, you are dying. So because you have Qi, so you walk on the sunscreen, they can see you red. Can you imagine if you don't have Qi? You're dead, right? Qi.

But when we talk about this kind of Qi, not in this level's Qi, it's not in there. The Qi has to be inside your meridians, which is a real consciousness Qi, because they exist for purpose. So that's why, that's why many times in Chinese medicine, they say you are not who you are.

What does that mean? That means the entire pattern, five elements pattern, five organs pattern, five planet pattern, your body is based on the outside pattern of the Qi, of the consciousness. Control, remote control, your body. My Lord, who am I? I don't know who are you.

I don't know who am I too. It's confused, right? So I know, I hope this class, at the end, I don't confuse you guys, all right? Don't say you don't know who you are. You should know, but you know one piece of who you are, but you haven't seen the potential of who you are.

Why? Because you haven't experienced the Qi. You haven't really discovered the consciousness. So the homework, I would like each one of you, do the homework.

Do the homework, you have to use your words, not my words, to try to describe what is the difference between consciousness and the Qi. Then you have to take any kind of object or subject, try to see, oh, now I can see this event has Qi, or this event has consciousness. Right? Look at this.

Look at famous artist, or not artist, the musician, right? When they do the, what, thousand, 10,000s of people, do they create Qi? Yes, they do have Qi. The cancer itself has Qi. They create, they exist, they have consciousness, then they have Qi.

But this kind of Qi also is the Qi, but not in the life source, the Qi. This Qi comes and goes, just like wings. Never will be exist forever.

They cannot be forever, but the purpose will be forever. Unlike your Maria, unlike your life, life is forever. Not this life forever, because the life of the Qi is forever.

So that's why, no matter Taoist or Buddhists, they always say you never die. You just change it to the body to body. Just move out the house to house.

Right? Why? Because Qi, because the consciousness. So do the homework. Take any kind of event.

If you are serious enough, even take your conditions. Why you have a hyperpressure? Qi, right? It's Qi. Why your shoulder pain, not a hip pain? Qi, body power.

Every body power has its own consciousness, has its own Qi, then has its own purpose. The Qi, consciousness and the purpose. You guys must constantly repeat this, try to truly understand.

Then later, you wouldn't be so, how to call this, so annoyed or so like an innocent type of the way, say, oh, I have a problem. No, you don't have a problem. There's something else out there to make you weakening or to make you see what's happening, right? Why the human born with the joints, the shoulders? Why this shoulder? You have three parts, three major joints here, and then you have three major joints, right? Shoulder, elbow and the wrist, hip, knees and ankle, right? Because different joints has a different purpose, right? Joint definitely has a purpose.

They are not the same. And therefore, different joints has a different consciousness. And different consciousness has a different purpose.

And do you use your purpose wisely? I wish each one of you well. You need to find these answers. Do you use the gift? They're all called the gift.

The gift from the universe or gift from the Tao wisely. That should be very good challenge of the homework. Homework.

So therefore, this homework will help you for today's class and the last class when we talk about the Tao and then make a connection. Make this connection, allow yourself to see. Number three, the homework.

Take five elements because that's the class that we're gonna go down this element. Just use the materialized element. Can you see the tree? Right, go out to look at the tree.

And now it's good because some tree, the leaf hasn't come out yet. They have a branch, different kind of branch. Look at the branch.

It's like a shape. Look at the building. Why some building so ugly, some building so beautiful? Consciousness, cheer.

Now, can you imagine the ugly building and who living inside it and what kind of feelings? Consciousness will impact you at invisible level, right? I would say that some chi is visible level, some kind of chi at invisible level. The consciousness chi at invisible level, but they will show at the visible level. So the course, this course, one of the goal is lead us to see beyond the materialized world, beyond the conditions.

Then therefore, we can go to deep. We can go beyond the condition, beyond the sentence, beyond the materialized worlds to find the truth. That is the goal for this class.

That each one of us, at least can gain some levels of the wisdom if we can discover it. I think it should be enough. Otherwise, it will be too much.

Maybe we can open for questions. Great, thank you. If you have a question, please raise your hand and we prefer you to be on video so Master Liu can have a dialogue with you directly.

Also, try and synchronize your question so that it's short and concise and we don't take up a lot of time with personal stories. All right, hi, Heather. Hi there, good morning.

Thank you. At one point, Master Liu, you said the soul of the life and I didn't hear sort of the connection to the rest of that. So maybe if you could just take a moment and was there something you wanted to say about the soul of the life? Wow, I can't write back fast enough and when and where, how, I don't know.

I say, okay, how do I say this? I, give me a little bit of hints. When I say that these words, I mean. When you were speaking? You were referencing, chi gives the body shape, gives the body life.

Yes, and you were saying, what is the purpose of the pain that you might understand through observing the body shape? And then you said the soul of the life. Source of life. Oh, maybe source, I heard soul.

Yeah, I think, no, no, no. If I connect to this part of the body, then it's source of the life, it's not a soul. The soul of the life, that is much bigger.

The soul, each one's soul has own chi. That's more unique. That's chi and that's, it's not just as a chi, but they also, the soul itself has a consciousness, right? Otherwise, you never exist.

You exist in this life has a purpose. So that's why I go back to the same thing. What is the purpose of our life in this life, right? It's a purpose, exist because of chi, right? So we have to make this as a story, as the personal story.

Otherwise, today's class is just information. Right, just like allow you to say, oh, I know somehow to describe what is consciousness, what is chi. You have to apply to your life, to our life, right? Our life is a chi.

So you have your own chi. You have your own, what I call the consciousness. You have your own essence.

No matter what, never can mix with others. So unique, even though you can, I'll give you something, right? You know, suppose you sit in one chair, sit there and then you get up and then you walk away. And somebody, you know, like go to concert and somebody say, oh, there's empty seat.

I'm gonna sit there. You come back and say, hey, I sit there before. No, how can you prove it? My consciousness is still there.

It is true. Then some master, some master came through this, can look at the chair and knows what kind of chi who sit there before. Then through this chi or that chi, then came from that chi and look at that, and you two match.

They know exactly you sit there before. Scary, right? Thank you. No, it's cool.

You're welcome. Thank you. Good morning, Marty.

Good morning. Master Liu, you've referenced many times that each joint, the major joint complexes, the shoulder, the elbow, the wrist, hip, knee and ankle all have a consciousness behind them. But I've never heard you expound on the specific consciousness of each joint.

Can you give us your take on that? That would take how many days? That's a week workshop because each one has its own purpose. Each one related to different, different, how to call it, different meridians, different energies. I give you one very simple, right? Carpal tunnel, right? So yeah, I mean, tennis elbow, how about that? That's so simple.

Yeah, tennis elbow. People say, yeah, you fix tennis elbow. I fix tennis elbow.

You know, tennis elbow. People say prairie tennis. No, you don't need a prairie tennis.

You still get a tennis elbow, right? What is the purpose? The purpose is always behind, always a consciousness, but always qi. The qi means which meridian's qi. Now go back to the concept of which meridian's qi is the primary in charge of these joints.

You got it? So elbow, the primary in charge is the lung, the metal element. The metal element is in charge. It's a primary qi connect to or in charge or reflection of your elbows, right? So then therefore, I mean, therefore, the entire, your consciousness, your emotions, your lungs, now put your lung, physical lung with your elbow have a directly connections.

Before, it's never connect. Lung is lung. You cannot go to tell your doctors, oh, my lung is my elbow.

They say, you're crazy. You're cuckoo. Something's wrong.

Go to see the therapist. No. You wouldn't say my lung or my elbow problem is a mass.

Or you say, oh, no, it's a fitness. You wouldn't say it's a fitness, right? Because the fitness tend to the different degree. You say, my elbow hurts.

How can they connect? They are connected, right? So therefore, this way, that way you say each joint, they are connected, which purpose is related to the which meridians, which is energy, their Qi in charge. So therefore, that Qi itself contain the consciousness, right? Then the consciousness has a purpose. So there will be, I don't know, this next class, the next class, we'll talk about the yin and yang and something else there.

When we talk about the meridians, that is the whole concept. In the invisible Qi network, right? Without understanding this network, that's you don't have a blueprint, right? It's not a Google map. It's not that you go to the map.

That's the blueprint of the life. Well, you've given us something more to study. More to think, right? More to understand, more to proud of yourself, right? So then therefore, we should more appreciate when they say, when the God, whatever you call the nature created you, they put a lot of effort, a lot of purpose to allow you exist.

Think of this. Not to say, oh, my parents. No, your parents is a part of the deal, not the whole purpose.

So that's why they say you are the child of the universe. They also definitely say you are the child of your parents too. Thank you.

You're welcome. Good morning, Amber. Good morning.

Good morning, Master Lim. So since you've opened up this program and I've started studying, I love to apply it to my work and to my clients to see myself differently and to see my clients differently. So one thing that I'm seeing in my clients already is a connection, a deeper connection between me and my clients.

For example, I got a new client yesterday. And we connected on different levels, like we've had the same conditions all the way down to we had the same birthday. And I'm just finding that through this program, I'm starting to see and unravel like the different connections of consciousness, like the different experiences are starting to come together and make sense.

Do you have any advice or like show us how to see ourselves and see our clients differently and more deeply? If you say you see they make sense, that means you haven't seen the whole thing. Okay. Is it even possible to see the whole thing? It's not possible to see the whole thing, but it's possible to see, to say, I know nothing.

Instead, I see something. Right, it's a lot easier to say. No, be careful the words what you try to use, right? The words what you use is the consciousness.

The words what you use is the level of the consciousness and the level of the understanding. So don't give it a quick answer. Don't try to real limit yourself to say, oh, now I see.

Yes, that just give you, that just begin me. That's just allow you step in to the feel of the universe. Okay.

Humble. Right, exactly. It's very exciting.

Thank you. Good morning, Rosalie. Good morning, Master Liu and fellow flock members.

I have a question regarding the word ascribed to the earth element, the emotional overtone. So my understanding is that the characteristics of each element are assigned to let us know the deep or kind of give us clues to the deep impact and information that the element itself has. And the emotional overtone assigned to the earth element is overthinking.

And to my way of thinking that, that word itself represents an imbalance that the other emotional overtones assigned to the different elements are more blending to their strength, their virtues. Whereas the word overthinking to me means almost an imbalance that it might, when I think of the quality of the earth element in terms of its emotional overtone, I think of a sense of contemplation, a sense of meditation, a sense of reflection, a sense of pondering, even a sense of inquiry. I mean, if we know that there's a point here called head tide, to me, that talks about overthinking.

So can you help me understand this a little better? Thank you. That's a very good question. That means that you're a real study, that you've got to be a good student for the effort.

I'm a nerd. That's right. So the number one, the words where they use this is based on in the human body.

It's not based on the earth, earth's thinking. Earth element thinking. Let me, do I make sense now? Ah, partially.

The overthinking, number one, is a translation wrong. It's not translation wrong. It's a translation.

The English from Chinese to translate it to English. The English has the kind of words, but not that kind of words. See, how do I put it this way, right? So ideas, how do I, let me figure out the nice way.

The Chinese word is called the Si. The Si doesn't mean it's overthinking. The Si means that you are constantly, you are constantly, you are trying to connect, try to figure out how the connections, you are trying to reconnect.

You see, all depend on the situation, how to use these words, right? How to use these words. So when the, when the category into what you read, the overthinking is means that this type of the emotions can cause your digestive, stomach function disorder. Doesn't mean it's the stomach emotions.

Now make sense now? Doesn't mean it's the stomach emotions. Only say these emotions can cause the stomach function disorder. It's negative side.

It is, but not the positive side. The positive side of the earth is not that emotions. Positive side of the earth is what? Creativity.

Everything can grow. It's a mother, right? It's the mother nature. So everything can grow into this.

Everything's stabilized. See, no matter if mountains, mountain can be crashed, water can become, my heart never move. I'm stable.

See, that is the earth consciousness. No matter how many times earth crash, earth shake, does earth change? Earth never change. Human change.

Mind change, right? So if we can connect to the positive side and we stabilize inner peace, that's the positive side. The other side, it is absolutely you are right. It's negative side tell you, if you are overthinking again and again, your digestive system will function disorder.

Your whole entire stomach and the spleen will cause the function disorder. Be aware your negative emotions. Do I make myself clear? Thank you.

Yes. Thank you. That's great.

When you look at the chart, Master Liu, all of the emotions that are listed, except for the heart, sound to be limiting and negative. So it just shows us. It's another negative.

It's because it's in the medicine, in the Chinese medicine, because they want to fix the issues. So their job is to try to fix the issue. That's the level one.

You coming in, you associate what is the bad. Then level two is teaching you what is the good. And the level three is going to teach you there are no good and there are no bad.

Right? That's what we're learning. First level tell you that's bad. Now they tell you that's good.

Now they tell you there's no good, there's no bad. Just it is. So we are at the level one.

What is the bad? Yeah, we've been trained like that for a lifetime. So thanks for helping us see another side. Hi, Nancy.

Hi, thank you so much. So I have a related question, which is about how does this relate to the time of the day? Because like many people, I think, I get up around the same time to go to the bathroom. And so then I think, okay, well, this organ's in charge then.

So can you help me? I know this is very brain oriented thinking, but. It's a purpose, right? That's your qi, right? No, my new qi is I'm a student. That's right.

Yeah, it's a different kind of, yeah, different times the qi, different organs' qi, and the different consciousness of this organ purpose then create a different event of the bodies. So if we follow this kind of thought, so first we have to say, okay, this time you have a five element chart over there. This time related to which organ.

So then therefore, in this organ, they need the qi, organ's qi, organ's consciousness. If the organ's qi is not enough or qi is off the balance, then the consciousness will off the balance, then the condition will exist. So the condition exist is for purpose.

The condition exist is not to try to kill you. Condition exist is try to warning you there are something else you better pay attention, try to fix. Otherwise, something going to happens later.

So it's not related to the time, there's a history of action, but the warning is coming at that time. Yeah. Yeah? Yeah.

There's always a time space. That's a later we're going to talk about it. There's always a time space.

So then the only difference later when we started is we have to go beyond the time and space. So if we can go beyond the time and space and then that's the quantum. So that's why owning consciousness is beyond the time and space, right? If you had the physical materialized things, there's always in the time, in the space, the consciousness, the nature of the consciousness, the nature of the chi is beyond the time and space, which is that they are fast, they're fast.

They run faster, they flow faster than the speed of the light. So that's why your consciousness is much faster than the speed of the light. So then therefore you have to thinking the speed of the light is not the most fast things.

There's something else at the there. You have a tool, you have a chi, you have a consciousness. Can you use these two gifts wisely? It's a gift.

Thank you, Nancy. Great questions. You know, I just want to take a moment here to say that sometime during this week, you'll be getting an email from us giving you access to the community forum so that discussions such as this can continue throughout the week.

So the more you listen to the recordings, even if you think, oh, I already listened to phase one, go back and re-listen based on what you're hearing today. And this audio recording will also be uploaded so that you can re-listen, but then go on to the community forum and let's have some dialogue. The purpose of this is to help us expand our understanding and see we're all at different levels, but the goal is to be able to get to whatever the purpose is.

All right, so we have our team from the Soho. Hi, I don't know your names. Hello, my name is Sergio Hazard and she's my wife, Claudia Janes.

We are from Santiago, Chile. Nice to have you. Hello, dear Master Liu.

How are you? Fine, fine, thank you. Our question is related to, we are from Santiago, Chile, South America. In traditional Chinese medicine, in the charts, in the time in organic chart, there are difference between people living in South and North.

What is the difference in the kind of Qi or the time in the organic chart change if we are in South America and you are in North America, there are a kind of Qi difference or not? That's a very good question. Okay, now go back to the one thing, all right? The time, generally speaking, that time is illusion. It's illusion.

But the time also meaning something, it's meaning we are in the earth, also meaning. If in the earth, so that's a meaning is that they discovered this meridians of the time is a meaning they discovered the main in the central China that's where they see the original start from there and find out that they're inside the body meridians and the run based on this time. Ideals is every two hours, they have to move.

But this time is not just based on the earth, it's the center. If earth is the center, doesn't matter where are you, right? Do I make sense? Earth is the center. So the South American, North, South, it's not based on the earth is the center, it's based on how do we divide this based on that.

If earth is the center, real doesn't matter, as long as you are in the earth, that's the time. So the most important things, this time is based on the meridians and communicate with the outside body, with the natures. Doesn't matter in the earth, where are you? You still connect to the Jupiter, you still connect to the Mars, because it's a consciousness, because it is the chi.

And therefore, this kind of time matters or doesn't matter. Your chi much faster than this level, but give you a very small concept to understand. Yes, they also have this kind in a small category, in a small scale, can do this way.

Okay, thank you very much, dear master. You're welcome. And our last question, good morning, Marsha.

Thank you so much. Following up on the previous question, my question is about the seasons. So when it's the month of the rat say, December in the Northern Hemisphere, it's summer in the Southern Hemisphere.

So wouldn't that be a difference between Northern and Southern Hemisphere? It's the summer in the North, it's we make the decision, right? It is based on the earth with the sun, the angle and the time earth turning, right? So if that's based on the earth, based on the earth around the sun to turn, so then pattern is different, speed is different. The season is different. But the essence is the same, which is a consciousness is the same.

Can you catch the consciousness, not based on the materialized, this kind of superficial levels? That's we wanna go beyond. Don't be stuck in this kind of materialized, is non-materialized the things, consciousness. I give you all one of the most beautiful history, you know, story, that how this ancient master truly understand the consciousness of the season, the consciousness of the nature, the power, right? Exactly.

So there is the one woman at the labor time. So many days, the child doesn't come up. So many masters and the doctors tried this herb, or tried to do this, and she constantly every day, you know, during the baby just still doesn't come up.

Now that day, the one day, it's four equinox that day. Exactly four equinox. The one of the famous master, and the past of these villages.

May everybody say, master, would you please help this lady? You say, you know, the baby, we all try. Why the baby doesn't come up? Then master look at their formula. They say, there's nothing wrong.

The only missing one ingredient, the key ingredients, is a conscious essence. Chinese call it xin, the consciousness of the season. Because of that day, it's the four equinox.

He just walk outside of the house. That's one of the leaves, just fall, fell down. He just pick up these leaves.

He said, just add this one, the baby will come smoothly. So therefore, that leaves contain essence of the four equinox. You understand? That day, four equinox.

The leaves knows it's a time to go. May the leaves meet the requirement of the natural law, or contain the consciousness of the natural law. I have to go.

Then the master understand or understood this concept and pick up and adding in. So master's consciousness with the nature's consciousness and together, since the baby is nature's baby, see? So then baby, nature's baby immediately received the mother earth to call it is a time to go. So beautiful.

When the first time I heard this story from my master, he said, when you want to study Chinese earth, this kind of story, this called the essence of the consciousness, you must understand. So how can that pieces of leaves adding in and then nothing else change? Because it's a consciousness. But because it's a consciousness, it's a nature's consciousness, it's a master's consciousness also.

Because a master's consciousness make this nature's consciousness become humanized, can be used. Understand? Otherwise, four equinox, we all living in this earth. We don't have to do anything.

We can balance, right? We can fix all the past and all the future. Our life can be restart. Doesn't do that way.

Right? Can you imagine? It doesn't do that way. So every year we have twice. You know, earth can do that.

Spring equinox and the four equinox, earth can shape the inner balance. If we can connect, we'll be done. But we don't.

See, we need a specific, specific the way, can how to use nature's consciousness, which is the, how to say, is the organic, is called organic information. Not the main information. It's organic information.

But how to processing by just, and then use the organic information, nature's information, is between each one of us. Our level, our consciousness level, our chi level, our body balance level. Otherwise, information, just information.

Thank you very much. Right? I hope that this information, that's why today I give you guys information, not just a state in the information. I hope this information can help you guys have a major breakthrough, can understand more, right? So that this concept is the most important the fundamental concept in the Chinese medicine.

All right? Also, you can say is the most important concept in any kind of natural healing concept, because you must understand chi, and you must understand consciousness. In the other words, you must understand invisible exist. Invisible make the visible changes.

The source always at invisible level. That's enough. Thank you very much.

See you next class.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 2nd Call 3.08.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 3rd Call 3.15.25.txt ----
Well, actually, we have to give this a name. So I'm going to give this forum an official name. Going to be Saturdays with Master Liu. 

Doesn't that sound like a radio show? I like that. So, hello, everybody. This is Saturdays with Master Liu. 

You never know what we're going to be doing. Actually, we never know either. So it's always a wonderful surprise. 

And that's the full growth comes in. So, Master Liu, what are you doing? I'm trying to apply ancient technique in and out for breakfast. So if we see everything has oneness, right? So right now, the cup and the spoon. 

So the spoon is a visible you take this out. Then you eat. Then inside the cup, you cannot see. 

That's the in. You see the cap? You can put in and out. So the spoon would be the young and the cup would be the in. 

So then you're often doing this in and out. That's every day. So in and out concept is not just that someone can talk in class for philosophy. 

It's for every day. Everybody's daily life is in your daily life. But not many people will truly understand this concept.

You're one of the most important. There are three things, right? You are asleep. You are eating. 

Then you are eliminated. They are all in and out. Let me show you one thing, right? We do the western in and out. 

So what's the difference? That will be the young. That will be the in, right? So in hold it and the young going to cut the motion. After this, what do you do? Generally speaking, right? In a high level manner, you have to shift the yin and yang again.

Now you put it in. That's yin and yang. But you're holding these two hands constantly moving. 

That's good way to practice yin and yang. However, when you go to the eastern, they don't need it. Why so complicated? Just use a chopstick. 

In the chopstick, that's the yin. Never move. That's the other one. 

Always move. Yin and yang. So therefore, why you use a chopstick and practice yin and yang? It's a great concept. 

After this, now we need one concept. Yin-yang. Not yin and yang. 

You have to speak the language. The language itself contains yin-yang. What is yin? What is yang? What is yin? What is yang? Often when we see, yeah, I know, yin-yang, right? Even now, Hollywood movies, they can use the word. 

That's the folding language to be applied in English. Now yin-yang. Yin and yang. 

That sound is different. When the sound is different, what's different? That means the tone is different. That means the frequency is different.

That means you are enter wrong, wrong address. Like a w, like a u, w, w, da. If you key the words, you wrong one thing, you go to the wrong address. 

Then yin-yang is pronunciation. Every Chinese word has four tones. One, two, three, four. 

One, two, three, four. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Tones. 

Different tones. It's a different frequency. And to different address.

That's number one. Number two, if you pronunciation wrong tones, then what? It's wrong frequency. Can you imagine at the symphony and the one of the major violins and play the wrong tones, what's happening? The conductor will give you a dirty look. 

Boom, right? You are wrong. You are the noise. So the tone becomes so important. 

The words become important. Then every word you are chosen is based on all the words you haven't chosen, right? Yin and yang. The words you chose is yang. 

The words you haven't said is yin and yang. So often when we say yin-yang, immediately you have a picture. Signs. 

Let me show you what kind of signs you are chosen when you say yin-yang. Signs. That's two signs. 

Both is yin-yang. Two opposite and at the one place. What do you see? The both is number one. 

That's one side. Yin and yang. You see the one side is a different color. 

It's black. The other side is white. So therefore that's the yin-yang.

The other one is also is white and black. But they are twinned together. That's yin and yang.

So each one of you, I would like you to really think. Now close your eyes. Think. 

When you say these words, which picture comes to your mind? If your picture comes to the number one, it's a two different entities. Opposite. Then you are wrong. 

Your picture or image or called image or signs must stay there and show you at the number two. Now open your eyes, please. Number two is the correct concept of the symbol. 

It's a symbol like a V.I.T. path. This path will allow you enter to the universe. That V.I.T. path will allow you enter to the world. 

Allow you to control life and death. Allow you to experience creations. Allow you to connect to your soul. 

But if you carry the path at the number one, the only can go in this reality. You cannot go near the invisible reality. You cannot travel beyond the time and the space. 

Because that's the wrong concept. Very important. That's the first concept. 

I would like each one of you to truly understand. Even though they say the yin and yang is two opposites. We often say male, female. 

We have day and night. It's simple because it's opposite. Then mind we're thinking number one is opposite. 

I cut this circle opposite. They are not they are not associated. Can be easy cut and the spread. 

However, the number two, you are not easy cut. You cannot. If you go to the straight cut, no matter what you cut, there's always a piece. 

The other side opposite with you. So now we're going to go to the second concept. In order to understand this way, you don't need to show it too fast. 

So you in order to understand this concept, you have to understand. First class when we say everything comes from the Tao. So because the Tao is everything, then the Tao will create manifest oneness.

How to create the oneness? Qi. Last class was in Qi and the consciousness will create the oneness. Oneness means it cannot be differentiated, cannot be separated, cannot be discriminated. 

They are just oneness. Nothing more. It is. 

That's oneness. But if Qi continues, but the oneness goes to our life as today's human minds. Then therefore, that's always try to differentiate it. 

Always try to discriminate and see what's going on. One, nothing can be separated. It's the two.

Then the inside has two. One is the yang. Yang. 

One is the yin. Right? Yin and yang. Therefore, yang should be on the top. 

Yin should be on the bottom. So why you say this? That's called a common knowledge. Know why. 

It's not. You can upset the way. So if you turn yourself upside down, then it's true, right? Turn yourself upside down. 

Then it is okay. Still okay. It's a perception. 

But everyone agrees. Everyone agrees. It's called agreement.

Yang is lighter. Yin is heavier. So the light and the heavy become upset. 

Become two past, two entities. So lighter should be on the top. Heavier should be on the bottom.

That's called a common. We all agree. So if we are all agree, what's happening? We are creating new consciousness, which is the last class. 

We are trying to differentiate it. Define it. What is the consciousness, right? One is the nature consciousness. 

You cannot add anymore. You're born with this. One is you're born with it. 

You cannot change. The other, you can change. You can add in. 

That's the main creator. We all agree. So once we all agree, then it's called a new consciousness born. 

Then lighter, white on the top. Black on the bottom. Heavier on the bottom. 

That's Yin and Yang. There's two things. It's easier to separate. 

But we know this way is not a perfect way. So the symbol should be continuous, progress until the last circle. This symbol is to show you exactly they are tying together and the motion at the inside. 

Which that means, you see, it's like two circles, right? One of the top Yang circle on the left side. When we see your left side circle, you erased. And the bottom Yin circle, your right side circle be erased. 

Then you are moving everything to them together. It is a two circles. You just doesn't see any other path. 

They are still there. But still it's two circles. Now only difference, only difference, you cannot easier and separate. 

Then here has a four basic concept, basic concept of Yin-Yang concept. All right. Yin-Yang principle, what you want to call the principle or you want to call the concept.

So this concept is exist, exist in the three dimensional reality, which is in our reality. We all agree. In our reality, if you go to any kind of Chinese medicine TCM college or university or any master is going to teach you, they all going to show you this four basic concept.

First concept is opposite concept, right? So you easy to see one side and then the other side, black and white. So, and this way, each one of you knows how to play this. Day and night, right? Front and back, up and down, inside and outside, cold and hot. 

You can play all this. Now here has one thing, very important thing. I would like each one just real thinking this.

This also should be your homework. You should play this all the time. Anything you should see, can I see the Yin-Yang in this object or in the subject? So you have to play this until you are so useful, until you are so easier to see, then that's yours. 

Otherwise still is a concept useless, totally useless. It's good for the new language, make you become new age, but it's useless. So you have to play this opposite. 

First is opposite, right? We all can play this and the Chi and the blah, right? Life and the death, time and the space. So here has two entity. One is the same object. 

The other is a true entity, totally opposite. Left and right, your hand and your leg. You see, that's true. 

Also not directly connect, still be able to apply Yin-Yang concept. So the number one concept is opposite. So that's the number one. 

Number two, number two, number two means ebb and flow. So which means you look at this symbol, they are always high and low. So if we now, we use the straight lines, you do the one cross straight lines from the top of the Yin-Yang symbols, straight lines going down this way.

No matter what you cut, every time you cut the straight lines across, that's always either Yang continue increasing and Yin continue, no, sorry, Yang should continue decreasing, Yin should continue increasing, right? One decreasing, one increasing, because what we do is from the top down, this is straight lines. But if we change the way, I'm going to from the bottom up, then what? The Yin will be decreasing, Yang will be increasing. So in the other words, Yin and Yang is a constant change. 

They never stabilize, never change. That is the second rules of the Yin-Yang. Daytime and the nighttime, it is a constant change.

Use the example, day and the night, good and the bad, right? Even you are so powerful, you can be the president for four years, eight years, maximum, then you have to go, right? The sun always highest, go to the lowest, the tides, wave, full moon and the new moon, sunrise and sunset, constantly change, heaven and the floor. That's the second one. Now the third one, third one, third one means you are inside the mutual, they call the mutual interrelation. 

In the other words, means that's always inside, if we do the same way, we're cutting these lines. If every piece is cut like cutting a cake, if I cut this straight lines cut, no matter what I cut, there's always pieces on the other side with Yin always with Yang, no matter what I cut. If you go through the straight lines, the center, if you can see the center, right? Where's the center? In this circle, the center, then you draw the straight lines.

These are straight lines that can turn all the different ways, no matter what you turn, there's always pieces opposite inside or within the other side. Yin always have something in Yang, Yang always have something in Yin. You cannot separate, they are all intertwined each other, called a mutual interrelationship. 

You cannot 100% clean cut, just like a knife, never can be clean cut with water. That's always, that's a rule number three. Rule number four is transformation.

So the transformation means that even though we can see these two things separate, two entities, even though they are interrelationship or mutual connections, then one day, if you look at the world, they are still oneness, right? One family, one nation, one earth, one universe, right? Oneness, you cannot take it out. Just like a cat, the cat has own rules, jump up, jump down. I cannot say get out of here, they still come up, right? Because the outside has any other entity for the cats want to see, but I cannot see. 

Have you seen your cat, just stay there, they continue looking, what do they see? You try to see, you see nothing, but your eyes, the cat's eyes, Yin and Yang, they see totally beautiful. I've gone too far, want to pull back. That's also Yin and Yang. 

You reach out your hands, you send out your minds, you're holding back, that's always Yin and Yang. So now we go back to how do you really see this concept? That's called concept, the four rules. You apply these four rules in your daily life.

How do you see that? How do you apply? If you cannot apply the rule, just rule, concept, concept, useless. In my opinion, useless, right? You can say that doesn't mean anything to you, get out of here. Doesn't mean anything to you, so you have to find a way.

Now I give you one kind of good example, get out of here. Suppose, suppose, right? They say dating, right? Two people start dating. At the beginning, when you're dating someone, what's that? It's totally separate, right? It's a separate. 

You and me is opposite. We are not connected. We're dating each other. 

You are you, I am me. No connection, it's just started knowing each other. After you're dating, weeks later, what do you find? You find that your emotions, your love grow. 

Then what? The two lovers and together become ebbing and flow, right? You are so good for a couple of weeks, and now you start a fight, separate, and you don't see each other, no text, no answers. You get a headache, you see the BFB, you pop the fan calendar, you cannot do all the business, right? Then a couple of weeks, oh, you're stuck together again. So you flow, go through the couple of months, and some people go through the couple of years, right? Your love, just like it is in and out. 

A couple of weeks good, a couple of weeks bad. And sometimes you never stay the same thing. So you always try to find the connections. 

Little by little, all these things become smoothly. Then what? Called a mutual interrelationship. Then what? What's called a mutual? I cannot live without you, you cannot live without me. 

So you're stuck in my heart, or you're stuck in my mind. Then later you promise, what do you promise? You promise deep of your heart, you don't say, honey, you are deep in my mind, I love you. You won't say that, right? You will use the heart, because you know your heart can create heaven, your heart can create hell. 

So big, unlimited your heart, but you know your mind is not unlimited, so therefore you use the heart. So that's why five elements framework, the heart is the spirit. So you start the premise.

Now you find your true and the real stuck together. Now you're moving together, right? You cannot live without me, I cannot live without you. Mutual interrelationship. 

Then you find what's going on, that's too late. Now you're stuck together. Now that's not enough, then you still flow this kind of love and reach to the world. 

Transformation. Now what's happening? You don't know who are you, and she doesn't know who she is. So both transform. 

Then you become, you become her, her become you, totally change. Now you create a transformation. Now the child, the kids come, then combining the two things of both of you. 

That's a life. So that every life has that kind of Yin Yang process. That's the life. 

Every time when you pray, you pray Yin and Yang. Left is Yang, right is Yin. You pray. 

You pray heart to heart, Yin and Yang. You have to pray. Or you have to do this, and then you call this Yin and Yang. 

But Yin and Yang still is the two things that cannot be separated. So you have to hold it together. That's what you call heart to heart. 

The heart to heart. You pray with the heart, your heart, with the nature of the God's heart, whatever what you call. You have to pray with your heart, don't pray with your mind.

That's the way. So two can never separate, even though you think you can separate. Two entities.

Right? So I think this class, before that I tell everyone take the pencils, right? Now we're going to test your intelligence. How good you are at math. I wish each one of you graduate in the kindergarten, right? Or elementary school. 

It's not too hard. So we know life always based on the self-center. In your self-center, reach out your arm, or with your eyes, you make a whole circle and you see around you. 

Then create 360 degrees as the circle. Why circle? Balance. The most balanced, profound, all-one-ness. 

Right? 360. Each one get the pencils. Yes? Yes. 

Okay, good. Start. 360. 

Now I would like you 360 if divided by two. What is come up? 180, right? So no problem. You write down 180. 

So 180 take half again. 90. Write down.

Now 90 take half again. What is 45? 45 half again. 22.5. 22.5 one more time.

What's what? 1125. Right? We continue cut half, cut half, cut half. So if I say 1125, cut half again.

What is? Do you have a math? Do you have a calculator? Would be the 5.625. Okay, we just stayed in this. That's gone too far now. I'm going to stay here.

So if I tell you 5.625 is equal to 360. You say no, get out of here. Right? If you, that's the math. 

You tell someone, they say, who teach you? Which school you graduate? Right? I graduated from the Dao. Dao school, University of the Dao. University of the Dao teach you nothing can be separated, even though they are looking not the same, but they are all same. 

How can be same? How can this number, the root of this number is the same, which is the number what you see is young. The number what you see is young. Let me repeat again. 

The structure, the interrelationship after this number is the heading behind. Follow me, right? Now it's very good exercise. Now I want, I would like each one of you separate the first 606 of 360. 

It's what? It's a three, six, and zero. Three plus six plus zero equal to what? Nine. Right? Good. 

Now one plus eight plus zero equal to what? Nine. Wow, it's an accident. That's not true. 

I'll try one more. Nine plus zero or equal to nine. That's, come on, that's no brain. 

Four, 45, right? Four plus five equal to nine. Nine again? No, Master Lu, don't, don't cheating our intelligence. Hey, try it again. 

Two, 22.5, which is what? Two plus two plus five equal to what? Nine. No, it's not true. How can that happen? Now one, 11.25. Do it math again. 

One plus one plus two plus five equal to what? Nine. It's an accident, right? Now we say divide one more time. Divide five plus six plus two plus five.

What is? It's 18. No, it's not eight. Divide two. 

Nine. What's happening? Interesting, right? The interesting concept is means all, if we only see one side, we will see they never connect. But if we see the structure, interrelationship of all these numbers, they are all connected by the nine. 

The nine, the number nine represent the highest number, right? The highest number is young, can show, but what things cannot show? The zero. The zero is in, never show. And the zero is because it's in, so therefore zero has a capability to add anything there and still hidden behind how pretty of the number zero. 

Does zero meaning nothing? No, zero meaning everything. See, that's the beauty of the yin yang concept. Even though the yin doesn't look like it, very useful. 

That's very useful. Can you imagine I borrow $100 from you? It's one, zero, zero. When I return it to you, I say, hey, the zero doesn't mean anything. 

I take zero away. Oh, I need to return $1. No, you borrow $100, it's one, zero, zero. 

Why you take out the two zero? I said, zero meaning nothing. So therefore, oh, I need to return $1. You cannot do that, right? Zero meaning something. 

But if you move this zero to the front and to the back, entire structure change, the meaning change, and the consciousness change. That is the concept in our life. So when we learned this yin yang concept, it's the most, the most powerful and the most profound concept. 

So that's why I don't start teaching this as a class. It's so difficult because if you make a mistake, it's a 50% wrong way. So I'd rather teach you five elements first. 

If you make a mistake, you only make a mistake 20%, right? 500 divided by two, five, 20%. So you still maintain the 80% way. Think this different. 

So yin yang concept look like it's so simple, but it is not as simple because they have all this interrelationship. They have all this concept and behind it. And how to apply this in your daily life is very important. 

All the Chinese medicine, generally speaking, and the good doctor, they got to be so good in this level because they are always to be taught how to see something behind it, how to see something behind it. Now think of this way. When we're learning this, we are not learning this to become philosopher, we are learning this how to apply this concept. 

I think each one of you remember first class, we say this course, I want to teach you guys for what information and the knowledge and the system. And then later, if we are lucky enough, we can connect, we can discover the wisdom. Now look at this level. 

They are still in concept because it's just information or data compared for the knowledge. The knowledge data is a kind from the knowledge. So the knowledge you become in and the data or information become yang. 

So once you can see, once you cannot see. So for the one thing you can concentrate. So if information and knowledge compared for the system, the system become much bigger because the system has to apply this information and the knowledge. 

Then the information and the knowledge become yang and the system become yang. Now the system compared for the wisdom, system just yang because the wisdom is behind. The wisdom never show. 

You never show. You never show the sound. You never see someone has a wisdom show. 

They never show this power, but you always see someone so smart, so clever. They always show. Easy to see. 

But wisdom people, you don't, you're not easy to see. They always pretend that they are so, so dumb. Right? They don't show. 

Yin and yang. The yin yang concept apply so much in daily life. That's one of the famous story in the Zhuangzi. 

Zhuangzi called the Sai Wen Sima. It's one of the old man living in the, living in the, the, the, the, it's the, what they call the, if they say, or just do that, it's one of the guy, old guys, right? He, one day he lost the horse. The neighbor comes. 

Oh, poor you. You just lost the horse. So he said, ah, that's, you know, you don't know. 

Maybe that's good luck. He said, you are crazy. And you know, when you lost your horse, that is, that's a, that's a lot of money. 

You just say, it doesn't matter. You just let it go. Yes. 

There's nothing you can control. Maybe that's a good thing. See, for him, you lost something. 

It's good. It doesn't matter. The neighbors say, ah, that's crazy guys.

Few days later, the horse bring back so many wild horse. All the neighbors so happy. Wow, you are so lucky. 

Now look at that. Your horse bring all of this. He said, no, that's no luck.

Maybe that's a bad thing. Oh, you are crazy. You lost the horse. 

They say you are like nothing. And then you gain the more horse. You still thinking that's nothing. 

Something real wrong. Because he gained a horse back. Now his son feels so exciting. 

I said, oh, I want to try and try to ride a wild horse. Right? Everybody knows the horse without training takes a lot of strength, a lot of technique to ride a wild horse. Then the young, his son ride, rides a wild horse and broke his leg. 

See, now the neighbors say, wow, that old man have some kind of wisdom. He's maybe he already see the future. Now he said, maybe it's a bad news. 

It is. Now look at that. It's bad news. 

And he said, oh, poor guys. I'm so sorry your son had that kind of accident. He said, maybe that's good news. 

It's good. Everybody said, you gotta be real crazy, right? You think this, all of this past is good news. A few months later, the war started.

So the government need the young kids for soldiers. Now, who want to have a broken leg as soldiers? You cannot do anything, right? So therefore, his son will stay home. Every young kid will take, become soldiers and no one come back. 

So his son can continue to stay. So when the Zhuangzi write this story, give us a concept to say, in and young, good and bad, just our perception. We never see the situation, how this situation can change. 

You lose job, it's good or bad. Maybe it's good. You never see. 

You never see because everything has a visible and invisible. You never see just like a number. Each one just play this number by number itself. 

If you're not a play this, it doesn't make sense. You guys should continue with this number a couple of times. A couple of times, divided two, divided two, divided two, divided two, continues, do a couple of times. 

Then you see how far you can go. Then you come out and then you divide the two, divide, you might find it so interesting. The line is always hidden. 

The root is always there. So the line becomes one of these three circles. So interesting, this concept. 

So give us the story. In and young, this concept is not just theories. It's not a philosophy that allows you to state and tell the people. 

It's how to apply for our daily life. Now I give you one more concept. We say that the season, right? The season is yin yang. 

The summer is the hottest. Winter is the coldest. So we can see if we use the yin yang symbols again. 

Now you see the highest is on the top, summer sources. The bottom is the winter sources. It's the coldest. 

Now on the left side and the right side. Left side, if we cross this line to the center, the left side is the spring equinox and the right side is the fall equinox. So if this symbol represents the universe, not the universe, right? It is the universe.

So there's a much deeper. In our solar system, the energy, the qi flow. In our solar system, the qi flow. 

In our earth, the qi, how does this qi can flow? You will recognize. The spring equinox means energy, starter, balance. Spring equinox and the fall equinox, if we draw the straight lines, that means yin and yang is a balance. 

Balance. The balance is that moment the entire earth can get a balance. So that's why at the ancient time, if you practice qigong, then these four seasons, the four is not called a season, that's right.

The four points become so unique of the internal cultivation that these four times allow you become gateway, allow you have experience with that, allow you have experience to reset your body. So that's why when we do in our foundation every year and do the seasonal change, why based on the season? Because it's based on energy. Why I always tell the students, hey, catch this moment. 

You might be lucky enough because the time, because the space, and because the qi, and because the consciousness. Then every season has a consciousness, has a purpose, right? It's a purpose that just need one day, entire earth, spring equinox. A couple more days, March 22nd, a couple days, spring equinox. 

And that day, egg can stand up. The egg can stand up. The egg inside, have you tried, does anyone try to screw my egg? You crack egg out, yin and yang. 

Egg yolk and the egg white is yin and yang, right? It's yin and yang. See, my cats always want to go, something's wrong there, yin and yang. But what do you do? You cannot separate. 

You always see egg yolk and combining with that egg white. And they can flow no matter what they flow, and they're perfect together. Once you discriminate that, then they're mixed together. 

So this qi is the same thing. Allow the body, allow the body can flow differently. So catch this moment, will allow your body to change, to change. 

Qi, consciousness, and the purpose, and the balance, and the time, and the space, does all become yin and yang for us? In the last class, when we talk about the consciousness, when we talk about the qi, what do we say? We say qi has power. That's right. In the power, what do we say? Visible and invisible, right? Visible and invisible.

You look at the materialized world, you look at this, what do you see? You see the tree is visible, but can you see the invisible qi? You cannot. The season is the same thing. Can you see? You don't see the qi, but you see the effect of the qi. 

You see the space change. The season is space change, but you don't see the time, unless someone tells you. Unless you develop your capability, can turn it into the smell and the sense of the qi. 

Unless you find your body and the qi flow, most times you don't know. So all of these levels is based on visible and invisible. You can apply. 

That's called apply to the seasons. Now how to apply these seasons to the body? We say our body, outside is yang, you can see. Inside is yin, you cannot see.

And the qi and the blood, we have two things. We have a qi, we have a blood. Now blood becomes yin, qi becomes yang. 

Is this right? No. Blood is yang, qi is yin. Because you cannot see the qi, you only can see the blood. 

But doctor doesn't want to see the blood. Doctor just want to see the number of the blood. And the qi and the blood constantly change. 

Constantly change, right? Because yin and yang is a constant change. That's all we just learned. The four concepts, qi, blood and the qi can be separated. 

Yes, you can just look at the blood without looking at the qi. That's fine, right? They are opposite. They are opposite. 

That means what? When you see the blood, you only see 50%. There's any other 50% you haven't seen. So when you do the blood test, all you see is 50% of your body and the visible part. 

Now number two, what do we see? Which means your qi, your blood number can be all higher or lower. It's based on your qi, high and low. Now what is qi? Last week we said the qi can be your qi, can be nature's qi, can be universal qi, right? So your qi is directly connected to outside of you, not just inside of you. 

So therefore your blood is directly shown outside of the universal qi. Then blood just becomes a shadow of the qi flow. Now we say blood and the qi is what? It's a mutual interrelationship. 

You cannot separate, but you also can transform. Then this concept, I know somehow I'm afraid that this class, after this class might destroy your entire way to look at health, look at the situation, look at your own diagnosis, right? Think of this whole concept. Then how can you put your own body based on the blood test? Because in the other part that you discounted, you never put in, right? Think of this number, think of this yin yang being applied to the qi and the blood and you understand this kind of test.

Don't you think this concept? So you also can apply this for any kind of pain, any kind of emotions, blood pressure, that's exactly the same thing. You only see the pressure, number, high or low, but you don't know which organ, five elements, which organ, five qi, what makes the blood pressure to the heart, to the something, and the number can go high. You only see the number, but you never see what is the qi behind this number. 

Now if you don't see the qi behind it, then how can you see the consciousness behind? Then how can you see the purpose behind? It's scary, right? Then when give us a completely different way to look at the illness and the disease now, then all the illness and the disease, well, it's not just illness and the disease, just it's a purpose, energy purpose, qi and blood purpose. Now I'll give you one more thing, right? So we'll be over there. Language, right? Language. 

Since we are studying this Chinese, Chinese, that's the Chinese, it's authentic Chinese, right? Unlike other things, other foreign coming in to mix the country, that's exactly come from the China, and the Chinese make therefore language itself become so important. You cannot study the yin and yang, doesn't know how to pronounce the Asian of the yin and yang. So learn this language, right? Please, I'll just give you a homework, try to learn. 

There's four tones, right? Four tones, down, down, down, down, straight lines, up and down, up and down. Try it, yin is straight, yang is up, yin yang. Because why we say, when you pronounce it, when you say these words, it's the words behind these words is what? It's qi, it's the consciousness of the yin yang, which means it's a consciousness of entire laws, laws of the earth law, of our solar system law, yin and yang, this concept. 

So apply this concept, your vocabulary should be pronunciation as close as possible, particularly for certain important words, because the words itself is like a chanting, right? Like a chanting, like a mantra, it's a sound, tone, you have to tone, like a piano, you need to tone, you need to tone it into the same frequency. The words itself will give you your toning frequency, that's the whole concept. Okay, last one, it's very important, the most, everything when we talk about this is based on our earth, our solar system, you can see in our solar system, that's the yin yang symbol, which is like this yin yang symbol too, this is motion, moving yin yang symbol, it's yin yang symbol, it's based on our three-dimensional reality, and both sides should be balanced, yin and yang, there's always interrelationship, always in the balance of them. 

So the treatment in Chinese medicine, healing, is to try to discover the balance, try to find what is the invisible part behind this visible part, not just focus on the conditions, what caused the condition, why you have a condition that's a little bit too high, if you can find what is behind it, that's already pretty damn good. That's not enough, that's just in our solar system, our earth, then we want something to go behind, if without our three-dimensional reality, if without our three-dimensional reality, then this law, yin yang balance, doesn't apply, that's universal law, it is true, but in the universal law, they didn't tell you, in the universal law, the yin yang concept will change, and the universe, what you see out of our solar system, in always, big name beyond, invisible, always, big name invisible, whatever what you see, is it based on something you haven't seen, so that's why they call it the Dao, the Dao, nothing, nobody knows, the yin yang comes from the Dao, it comes from invisible, it comes from the infinity, I wouldn't say just invisible, it's infinity, so therefore, whatever what you see, whatever you can define, it is always limited, that's this law, it's beyond our three-dimensional reality, or even go to our solar system, they might find just out of this, doesn't apply, then it depends, how do we see, how do we see, how do we apply this concept, so I think after this, I don't want to go too much, because that's not yin yang class, that's just a delayed one of the framework for you guys, right, so you need to pray, so homework for each one of you, you have to continuously take object, or take a subject, anything, even your body, you have to try to see that, right, how do I see that, left and right, inside, outside, or even you can apply the conditions in yang, how do you see that, how do you see, and I don't want that you just see the yang, yang always easy to see, action moving, and the beauty is in yang, right, so beauty is in yang, so what is the beauty on the other side, can you see that, can you see the tenderness, the beauty, everyone wants beauty, not many ones want tenderness, then you never complete, you see, then you never become profound, you're always missing the other part, which is the most important part, for healing, for self-growth, for discovery, so yin-yang is the fundamental concept for everyday life, for everybody, for our entire solar system, entire universe, that's it, okay, open up for questions, all righty, so if you have a question, please raise your hand, and let's try and keep our questions very much to the point, okay, so please raise your hand, any questions, we would like to see your face as well, so master, while we're waiting for, never mind, Sergio and Claudia, hello, good to see you again, hello, dear master, hello everyone, I have a doubt, master, in related to the specific time periods, correspond to big energetic activity in different organ system, in the lecture, in the guided book, the different organs have different time spaces, okay, in the example, we only see the negative, the negative effects, for example, if you frequently wake up around 1.30 am, it may reflect an imbalance in liver G, for example, but if I, what happens when I practice Qigong in the different time space, how can improve my organ function when practice Qigong in different time periods, you know, yes, I know, it's a very good example, for example, today I practice 7 to 9 am, yeah, this is a Sanjiao space time, maybe around, when I practice Qigong in different kind of period of time, my organ function improve, you're asking me if you practice exactly the time, do you get it improved, maybe, maybe not, see the yin and yang, see how good it is, I give you the answer, I don't give the yang, I don't give the yin, I give the whole, maybe, why I say maybe, that's two things, here still go back to, if you practice at a specific time in Sanjiao time, different organ has a different frequency, right, and therefore different frequencies means a different qi, different consciousness, and a different purpose, and some organs, some areas, is not a normal Qigong you can get in, the requirement is different, you are not a president, then how can you understand president's headache, right, you only know your own house headache, even your own house headache, you still doesn't know the whole thing, right, think of this way, it's the same thing, then Sanjiao has a Sanjiao unique qi, in the Sanjiao with the Pericardians, they are unique one of the pair, yin and yang, they have other kind of responsibility and the capability, then based on that, that's your Qigong, and your practice can re-emerge, and that type of the frequency, if it doesn't, now put this, if it doesn't, still doesn't mean they don't help you, just means that you might be at the outside, the gate continues the baking, so you wish this gate can open for you, right, just think about it, each time has its own gate, but you're at the wrong gate, or maybe you're at the right gate with the wrong jacket, wrong path, understand, it's the wrong path, you're right, the gate is right, but the gate only for special code, you keep the wrong code, because your Qigong practice, your Qigong is the code, the code doesn't match the time which the gate doesn't open for you, understand now, I give you this kind of thing, so look at like a simple, yeah, something, like for example, certain things that can do for everybody, long, yes, in the morning, everybody long, right, so if I stay there, you all have benefit, because that's easy, everybody can do, but if you say, I wonder if the long can impact to my pinning, oh, that's a little bit difficult, just to say, can you, can you, how to call it, give us some tip to the, you know, security guard, they allow you to get in, if you go to the pinning, maybe not, right, the rule is the rule, the universal rule is universal rule, unless you are faked, unless your Qi can real match, sometimes the gate won't open for you, you just have to think in this way, yes, even though, yes, true, different time for different organ, yes, people will say, teach this, all this time practice, yeah, you try that, can you get in, you can, because of frequency, we're just thinking this way, the frequency has to match, otherwise it doesn't open for you, even though everything's connected, right, even though everything's connected, but you chose, now look at here, you chose specific time, which means you are choosing the nature gate with your human mind, you see that, one is unnatural, one is natural, how do you merge two together, only when you become no effort, but you don't have effort, I want to have enlightenment, oh, effort, so you never open, open for you, you got it, okay, thank you, master, thank you, thank you, hi, Joanna, good morning, hey, good morning, good morning, master Lu, I have a question about the homework you mentioned in the end, applying this Yin-Yang concept to whatever we encounter in life or in our bodies, like you said, the Yang is the visible, that's easy, to discover the invisible, I just want to confirm that this is correct, I then go to the spirit level, to the emotions, to kind of discover what the invisible is, yes, you should try that, but at least you can list, oh, if I don't get this, you have to try, right, if you have to go through that, you have to use Yang is visible, it's action, right, it's visible, it's action, Yin is invisible, it's the source, it's the source, it's the consciousness, it's the Qi behind it, so can I see this, right, you have to try something simple first, try something you can associate the first, then from that, little by little, adding in, take people whole life, that's in ancient times, the Yin-Yang concept is an entire system, entire whole school, people four times study and practice, and still not many people discover, it's easy, look at the school, only two classes finished, right, it's not an easy concept, but it's so powerful, because it's so powerful, not easy, many thinking is a philosophy, but they are not a philosophy, because as consciousness, as Qi, try the simple things first, try your own experience first, own body, own things, and then start with the simple, then you can add in, add on, add on, remember, even this Yin and Yang still can get deep, still can get deep, still can get deep, there's always layer after layer, right, there's layer after layer, so you need to create the called the high standard, I want to know more, I want to get in deep, I want to truly understand, so that's why ancient times they say, who can truly, truly understand the Yin-Yang concept, the entire universe is in your hand, that makes sense, yeah, thank you, you're welcome, hi John, go ahead, you're up, hello, so my whole life doing acupuncture, Chinese medicine, I'm saying Yang is Qi, and the blood is Yin, and now you're saying that the Qi is Yin, and the blood is Yang, so I don't understand, it's a conception, right, it's based on what you can see, visible is Yang, and the invisible is Qi, based on this concept, does the blood is visible, and the Qi is invisible, yes, that's right, and then therefore we should flip, and the blood become Yang, and the Qi become Yin, so if you are the acupuncturist, you should real flip, because when they taught it that way, it's the wrong way, then you treat the wrong things, you cannot manipulate the Qi, you only can manipulate the blood, because it's materialized, you only see the materialized, and the non-materialized is hidden, so if we can change this, then we say a blood stagnation, right, the blood stagnation, instead of trying to fight the blood, how can I get the Qi move, so this way your mind can suddenly change, if you use a needle, or I need to promote the Qi, it doesn't matter the blood, and the Qi can flow, blood can flow, I don't have to stuck in the materialized blood, right, yes, so you needle point to move the Qi, which moves the blood, that's right, it's much easier, right, yeah, well that's how it works, that's right, I thought I was moving the Qi, that's right, right, so because a lot of time, you know, the book is, you have to know the history of the Chinese medicine, the history of Chinese medicine, sometimes they deliberately manipulate the Yin and the Yang, do the upside down, because they believe that the true, only good for authentic people, who are looking for the truth, and the seeking to the truth, they can really see, because everything Yin and Yang in the book tell you, is upside down, depending on where you're going to see, and how do you want to see, so then is it safe to say the Qi is Yin and Yang, even Qi itself still has Yin and Yang, right, even Qi has Yin and Yang, even blood also has Yin and Yang, so therefore that's why we allow you going to see more, wow, I have been thinking this way, if I'm going to see Qi and Yin and Yang, how do I do that, and then blood is Yin and Yang, that's right, blood also has Yin and Yang, that become more exciting, so basically, that's my homework, that's right, good, that would be your homework, I wish you discover something, and then your treatment definitely will change, the result of your treatment will change, yes, all right, thank you John, thank you so much for this teaching, Master Liu, so everything has consciousness, everything has purpose, the element of my birth year, 1956, the element of my birth was fire, which is the consciousness of heart, but my birth date is in the winter, is that an example of Yin and Yang in my life, that's my first question, and my second question is, if everything has Yin and Yang, does that mean everything has potential for balance, and therefore eventually for harmony, okay, so here's everything has a potential for balance, that's the, from this sentence, it's true, everything has a potential for balance, that's true, then the second one, the balance is for whose eyes, whose eyes, then the third one is the balance at the where, where and when, time and space, so in your balance, you can say, yeah, my balance, but in whose eyes is thinking the balance, with who you get a balance, right, how to, in which level you get a balance, so the balance can be small balance and the big balance, how, so therefore that's called the position of the who you are, and the where you are, and how you are, so that's why we say, in the last class, is the Qi, information, see, that's information, you have to go grabbing that, who you are, where you are, how you are, when you are, right, so if we do this modern science the way, it's always a penetrate down, in the space, in the time, you balance at the space, or you balance at the time, and whose time, see, and where's the space, there's so many levels, it's easier at this class, maybe that's why first level, it's easier to say balance, the most time when we say balance is based on the three-dimensional reality we both can see. Okay, thank you, Vicky. 

Hi, Judy, good morning. Good morning, my question, and my train of thought here is about the five elements, and the consciousness, and the yin and yang, so if all the five elements are present, right, and one steps out during their time, I'm just going to talk about winter and summer right now, for helping me understand, so is the expression in the summertime, when everything is in its fullness, the yang expression of the fire element, so that is the yang, and the yin is still the consciousness of that fire element, therefore during the fire time, that expression, expression of summer, the element of the water is still there, right, and I'm sorry, it's raining right now, so I hope you can hear me, the yin element of the water in the wintertime, when everything is still in the invisible realm, that expression in the summertime, so sorry for this thunder, so I guess I'm asking about, like, so during the summertime, the expression, there is still the yin, there is still the winter there, which brings us back to the connection of the five elements in our organ system, it's helping me to figure out that, oh, that connection between water and fire, and on some level, that's very yin and yang, right, on that level, but within the consciousness of the water element, my kidney, also exists that supporting possibility of the expression of yang in my heart, or in the fire element, can you help me to understand this, I know there's lots of different levels here, the yin and yang expression of the elements themselves, but then how it is coming back to my organ system, and my connection to the fire energy in the summertime? Well, that's a little bit of a deeper, deeper question, so that question, suppose, is next level class, talk about the relationship, we will discover deeply, but in today's class, we have one chart tell you at the winter source, and the summer source, right, so when you see the winter source, the winter source already tell you, start with the winter source, after winter source, then what, winter source is the highest yang, after highest yang happens, what's happening, at the same token, the yin already start now, continues, see, that means that after summer source, that's the turning point, the highest yang, and the crater, and the beginning of the yin, then the yin will continue increasing until winter source, winter source, that day, is the turning point, then what, and after this, then yang will continue increasing, yin will continue decreasing, that's it, so you apply these kind of things, which is the summer source represent the fire, winter source represent the chemical, then the spring equinox represent the liver, and the fall equinox represent the earth, so these four dimensions is one of the unique concept in the Chinese medicine called the balance between heaven and the earth, from the past of the future. Thank you, and we're going to take one more question, Tanya, thank you Master Liu, for this conversation, I want to talk about, for just one minute, if you can help me, I want to dive into the interconnectedness between the yin yang, the visible and the invisible, in terms of acupuncture, which I do not practice, and medical qigong, so in medical qigong, it's invisible level always for me, and acupuncture, there's got to be an intersection somehow between, or and I don't want to say intersection, but this interconnectedness between the visible needle and the world there, and this invisible transformation that in the end creates balance.

You cannot talk about something you don't do, you have no relationship and no experience, that's too far, that's something you have experienced, that's why you don't practice acupuncture, what you practice, you are giving the prescriptions to your patients, you just have to look at the patient's condition, use the patient's condition as the yin and yang concept, whatever what you see, you only see the yang side, which is action, so that's why you can see, all the tests only show you can see, so whatever what you see is yang, whatever you haven't seen behind energetically consciousness or qi is yin, so your job or your responsibility, being a good doctor, is always to try to see what else is behind this, what else I haven't seen, do not be fooled by symptoms, so that's why this concept will allow you to totally open the mind to see, oh what I see maybe is not the whole truth, it's not maybe is, whatever what you see is not the whole truth, because it's based on what you want to see, so now you want to see the other things, you want to see more, that's the whole concept, right, that's the whole concept, because it's difficult, because the yin and yang is so easy to make a mistake, because it's 50% wrong, right, you cut your 50% wrong, so that's why this kind of beginning, this is a full course, you know, full course is trying to create the fundamental basic, now in the next course we are getting in the relationship, interrelationship of each organ and the conditions with this yin yang, then you'll be able to see, oh even though in the each element, five element framework, each element itself is yin yang, entire five elements behind is yin yang, it's so powerful, that's why five elements so powerful, because all is yin yang concept, and the qi and the consciousness concept, and the dao, all can blend into these five elements framework, everybody can play, yin yang is not everybody can play, it's not easy to play, right, but since no, they are no accidents, then we are meet each other in this time and space, I'm willing to share this concept, I wish someone can click this concept, then something will change, right, your practice will change your view of the condition, disease and health, look at health, that's all we care, we care health, but we always fight health and the disease, look at yin and yang, disease is based on health, we always worry about the life and the death, yin and yang, life and death cannot be separate, your life today is based on your death, you understand, without the death you don't have life, your entire life, the most interesting things I'm telling you is after your death, I'm telling you, after you die, your children will continue to talk about you, look at how interesting, you're already gone, gone, but your children continue, your grandchildren continue to talk about you, look at that, think about are you gone, no, physically you're gone, but energetically, consciousness, you still stay, now you tell me yin and yang, life and death, which one's more important, now your children, your grandchildren continue to talk about the picture, that's your grandma, the story, now look at that, look at the, look at the dollar bills, hundred down, look at that, who's in dollar bill 100, you know, dollar bills picture, American dollar bills, cool, they died, how many years ago, the picture's still there, everybody used, life and death, how simple this concept, health and illness, yin and yang, which one we need to hold, when we see the health issue, when we see the disease, what do we see in the other part, it's a challenge for each one of us, it's a challenge, I know, it's so big, so that's why, it's a whole entire class can develop for this concept and discover all of these concepts, right, if we can do something, so that will be the next time, but this time, just I want each one of you have a chance, at least play this concept, will be good for you, when we enter to the next level of the interrelationship of five elements, would be much easier, I don't have to state more time to explain the why and how. That's so interesting, because as you're talking to Tom and Tanya, all, at least on my screen, all of a sudden, their picture blacked out, and you're talking about yin and yang, and here they were, where you can see them, and all of a sudden, it was a black screen, this is great, thank you, Master Liu, I have tons of questions, but I'll post my questions on the community forum for us to discuss, that's always an option, guys, you know, post your questions in there, keep them real, all right, that's why community, you know, this one is yin and yang, guys, don't be afraid that you make a mistake, if you don't make a mistake, how can you grow, yin and yang, understand, spit out your mouth, turn it to the yang, holding inside your mind, that's yin, you want the action, you want the change, your yang put into community, they support, they create the yang, then everybody together, creating manifestation, transformation, guys, please, practice, concept, become real, otherwise, you only can be high-level BS, now, we're ahead, we don't want you guys, all right, headed in the other way, thank you very much, you know, do the homework, and the practice, and then we see you next class, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, everybody, okay, bye,
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 3rd Call 3.15.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 4th Class 3.22.25.txt ----
Welcome, welcome to your Saturday with Grand Master Liu. Always stimulating, right? Gives us so much to think about. So over the last few weeks, we've been really diving into consciousness, qi, yin yang theory. 

And now as we move forward, we're going to be completing that whole module and then moving into the elements. So Master Liu, what guidance do you have for us today? Nothing. That's why they say nothing is everything. 

So I promise you get nothing. So today is the last module, or last class of the first module, which is the lay down the foundation. So the foundation. 

So foundation always very important. And particularly when we study Chinese stuff, there's always a foundation. But the foundation has two aspects. 

One is visible, one is invisible. So which means that we just talk about this class and the last class, yin and yang. So that is the most important concept. 

The most important concept. Why we say that the most important concept? Definitely you guys will say that's so important, why not start this class first? Because it's so important. If I started this class, if you make a mistake, you get a 50% make a mistake. 

Right? We say that. Yin and yang, 50-50. If you mistake one, you're 50% wrong. 

Then you never passed. You rather do five elements. You're missing one element. 

That's only 20% miss. So you still get a B plus. This way you get a C minus. 

So you get an F. You fail. So I'd rather do five elements first. But that doesn't mean five elements is not important. 

Five element consciousness is a framework. The most profound framework, because they perform this. They bury everything what we learned into this framework.

So depending on the level, how can you use? Each element you can see in yin and yang. Each element you can see visible, invisible consciousness at the qi. There's so many areas we discussed in this couple of classes. 

So fundamental is always important. Without this fundamental concept you build in, you don't have enough resource to allow you to continue to grow. Later on, how much you can grow is dependent on how deep, how profound this foundation built inside of you. 

Otherwise, you still know five elements. Then five elements, just a superficial level, almost like a last class. When I say yin yang, what's the concept? Yin yang. 

So you translate the English, it become yin yang. So I will strongly recommend you guys study Chinese yin yang. Why? You supposedly, suppose after today, you should be able to use all the knowledge or all the information what you learned at the first couple of classes to prove why you need to use Chinese. 

Why you use Chinese? Instead you say yin yang. Why? You supposedly should be able to prove this. You supposedly should be able today to prove, to stand up to say there are no accidents. 

Why? Can you prove? You should be able to prove. You should be able to learn to use the knowledge and use the information which you learned to at least to prove there are no accidents. Everything happens for a reason.

You supposedly should be at least at the high BS level. At least at this type of information, in this type of the concept, you should be able to prove there are no accidents. You should be able to prove everything is achieved. 

Everything has a consciousness. Have a consciousness that they have a purpose. You have to, right? So if this concept cannot be buried inside with you, cannot be so naturally coming out, then later on all your learning, just a superficial level, then you know superficial level is so little. 

At least today, at least today we know science, right? At least in modern science point of view, how much would you know? How much would we know? Modern science already proved we only know four percent of the entire universe. Only four percent of the universe. Now, follow me carefully, carefully. 

Four percent of the universe in a modern science point of view, universe is still limited because it's a universe. It's a universe, but it's not a dial. It's a universe. 

Universe is a confounder dial. The dial is much bigger than the universe, guys. If you're really thinking what's happening here, universe is to come after the big bang. 

The dial is before the big bang. You see the difference? You have to really see that before the big bang, something already there. Then the big bang is called the universal exist. 

Now, even though in this universal exist, today's science only tell us we only know four percent. The four percent what we know is based on what? Based on the knowledge, based on the information, based on everything we can see, or based on the everything we are maybe, maybe we try to discuss. So that's why we send the people out of space. 

Unfortunately, they stuck there for a couple months. Right? We send out, we thought that we can go there, find more information. But we think we can out and bring back. 

Something happens. Why something can happen? They are no accidents, guys. They are no accidents.

There are two people stuck in outside the space in a couple of months. Does anyone ask it? What do they see? What do they really see? What is the purpose that they are there to meet something? Hey, they might bring back a lot of information, a lot of longevity, a lot of something we don't know out of space. Since everything is the cheap, everything is connected. 

Understand what I try to say here? So you guys are real thinking this way. So if that's the way, how do we deal with the information? So we say that we are teaching this class is called the consciousness. The more important, we are not just focused on five elements. 

We want to go beyond the elements. We want to know something before the elements. What is purpose? We go backward.

Reverse, they call the reversing energy, right? The engineer. So you have to go back. What element exists? Why they exist? Because they have a purpose. 

What's the purpose? Because they have a consciousness. Why the consciousness? Because they need the cheap. So what make it they can be exist? Power, information, make everything conscious. 

So therefore, when we look at that any event materialize, there's two things, events or matters, right? There's two things. One is events. One is the matters. 

Matter is like a cup. That's exact. Oh, cup, that's easy to say.

That's easy to say. How about events? Events happens. Parties. 

Tonight, today's a Saturday, Saturday night, eh? Some people they be backyard has a party, has a barbecues. It's all going to happen. That's called events. 

Like today's class, that's called events. Events, but the events also contained consciousness, contained the cheap, contained the cheap. So this way will focus, help us see, try to see they are something beyond.

I don't know the whole work, how many people really try to practice, right? You need to really try to practice of the elements of the yin and yang, yin yang concept. You have to practice, you must. So this way will help you, at least help you to see things differently. 

If you cannot see things differently, then how can you discover little bit of truth, little bit of truth, just a little bit of truth. That's the number one, very important. The second thing we say important is concept. 

In the first, this module, we try to build up this concept is that we have to know. There are many different ways that can learn this framework, many different ways that therefore many universities, many masters are there to teach, right? So we are teaching, I'm trying to teaching this, is based on the system, right? We say information, data is knowledge, then is the system. Which system you are using this concept, that system is what we learn is try to base on the Laozi and Zhuanzi, they call the Laozi and Zhuanzi, which is based on the Dao concept.

What is a Dao? We say that Dao is a Dao, then the Dao can manifest as the oneness, then the oneness can manifest two, which is yin and yang. The yin-yang can manifest many things, then the many things can be also expanded for everything. So therefore, everything contain the yin-yang, everything contain the Dao. 

So where is the Dao? You are the Dao, I am the Dao, everything has the Dao, can we see the Dao? That's the goal. And that's the goal through this class can help us to understand how can we use this framework to make our life, to make our health different, to make our relationship different, and particularly for those suffer, what we call the suffer, at the difficult situations, you are stuck in the different situation, that always has a reason, that always has a challenge. Okay, that's the first one. 

The second one is, since we say concept, we are using system, the system what I learned, that's a system what I learned, is my master say, it's through the element, the word element is my, what you call it, it's not mine, it's the system what I learned. Why I saw this, now we go to the word element, why word element so unique? Because in the other elements, thousands, hundreds of years ago, in the classical science, classical Chinese medicine, some master already discovered it, they are already has a system through the water elements, they are already has a system through the earth elements, right, there are no systems through the word elements in Chinese medicine. So the word elements has a unique, why word elements so unique? The word elements so unique, because they exist for purpose, purpose. 

So at the word element, one of the most important, it's not the element itself, it's the consciousness of the element. So consciousness of this element is a role, different, be flexible, right, can be bent, can be changed, can be changed, right. So this element itself can be flexible, so flexible as one kind of English, but the beauty of the word element, the most important word element is tenderness. 

Particularly this concept applies for the human life, for the healing, is the most important. Tenderness contains the essence of the Dao. So in the Dao, which is this system, when we try to follow the two things, one is the water, in the Dao De Jing, there's always use of water element as the example, as the method, as the mirror, and tell us, Lao Tzu is trying to tell us, the best, the highest level, you must pertain, performing yourself like water, flexible, flow, right. 

So the water, I don't have to say much, you got to say, but tenderness becomes so important. But today you can say, if a tenderness with the beauty is in and the yang, the beauty is yang, the tenderness is in. Entire whole world, everybody is focused on the yang, how to become more beautiful, right. 

The queens, masks, technique, everything's beauty, beauty, beauty, beauty. The beauty, right, how to dress is for beauty. So therefore, you are constantly focused on the yang, how much yang you can accumulate.

Four percent, maximum is a four percent. Think of this, so entire beauty, no matter how beautiful you are, it's a four percent of your total beauty. So the other 96 percent is tenderness to make the beauty. 

The more beautiful you are, then you need more tenderness. Then why not the build up your tenderness and the beauty will just grow through. Can you imagine, we have a new class on how to become more beautiful and not become more beautiful, how to sustain the beauty for longer time. 

It's a different concept. You can be beautiful. Yeah, it's much easier, plastic surgery, up to this, how long you can keep it. 

A few months, a few years later, they tighten, then eye doesn't move anymore, mouth doesn't move anymore. But how can keep this longer? The yang and in, there's always cannot be separate. See, that's what you learn. 

That's what we understand. But how to apply, how to apply this? So that's why when we say, when I learned from my master, say through the liver, because the liver has one of the most profound category or most profound, what do you call it, the essence near to the bow is tenderness. But also through the five element framework, you see the wood element is the child of the water. 

So the wood element is the child of the water. The relationship here is a generation. So therefore you come from the mother, right? Each one of you, each one of us, we are come from our mother. 

You are not saying you come from nowhere. You come from your mother. So therefore you are contained essence, you contained consciousness of your mother. 

Then therefore you are contained the consciousness of water. Now the wood element contain two of the essence or two of the consciousness of the Dao. Right? Water, tenderness. 

Think this. So that's why the wood element so important. Then therefore you put this wood element is between water and the fire, right? Look.

So therefore the wood is a middle. Water and the fire is yin and yang. If water and the fire can be oneness, then the wood also can be the oneness at the between. 

So the wood have this capability to transform the yin and the yang. Water and the fire. Two days ago is a spring equinox.

The spring equinox also contain the information of the wood element. It's a spring. It's the what? It's the liver. 

So now look at this whole concept. Summer source, winter source, water and the fire. Yin and yang. 

Now the spring equinox, fall equinox, spring equinox at the between summer source and the winter source. The entire energy is transformed. Now if we can balance at this moment, then we'll be able to balance yin and yang. 

We'll be able to balance visible and invisible. So entire concept is here. How to get a balance. 

So that's why wood element itself becomes so important to get a balance. So that's why in wood element, if you apply this concept into our human body, then we say it's the liver. Then the liver, the wood element of the liver has what? Has yin and yang. 

Also the liver and the gallbladder is the yin and yang. And the gallbladder meridians running through between the yin and yang. The front body is yin, back of the body is yang. 

The gallbladder meridians running both sides is yin and yang. So the energy network is make your visible body become totally connected. Right? So you have to see this path. 

Everything is connected. Nothing can be separate. So that's why. 

That's why. That's not just why. That's the one of the reason what I learned. 

My master say go through this path. That's unique because they can transform. They have so many aspects of the Tao. 

The other so important concept of the wood element which is the liver, this path, is the emotions. The qi, right? We say everything is the qi. We'll go back to one of the concepts. 

Life is the qi. What is qi? Qi is power, right? Power, information, consciousness, and the life source. So how do we define your life or death? Qi.

With the qi, you are alive. Without the qi, you are dead. You're just pieces of meat and the light down there. 

Then what's the difference? No qi. Every piece of your organs still there, but you don't have a qi. Nothing can function. 

All you're missing is invisible qi, in despair. Young body still lying there. So why you need a body without the qi? You need a qi. 

You work so hard to go to the gym, all through the body, then you go to the gym, try to build a qi. Can we go to the store? Can we go to the Amazon, buy the qi, purchase the qi? They are, they deliver to you. How do you know they deliver for you? You know, deliver means just suck out the qi first. 

No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that that kind of way, right? We know the product from your house. They take a picture. 

They cannot take a picture of the qi. Yes, I send qi. And then you say, oh no, the car always change. 

I know qi, you know, has a leak. Right? And then we say, oh, you have a qi leak. Now you have an energy leak. 

The qi is very important. So everything needs a qi. The liver qi is very important. 

So we need this qi. The qi can spit out just that moment. And the qi can change just that moment. 

So that's right. And this moment you are peaceful. Next moment you get angry. 

You get angry. What's happening? Emotions. Emotions is a qi. 

The qi will change. When the qi can change it, what happens? The blood can change. Yin and yang can change. 

If a qi can arise and the blood can arise, and then your blood pressure can arise. After rise at a certain level, suddenly you have no qi, then the blood stuck there cause the blood clog. Then if you stay at the, the blood stop at the wrong place, then stroke happens at the wrong place. 

And then the outcome will be different. Now you can use this qi to explain why you get a stroke. Qi. 

Qi make blood flow, make a clock moving. So if you have qi strong, even you have a clock, doesn't matter. I can move this clock and transform this clock in a different way. 

Because you say Yin Yang concept can be changed. Interchangeable. So that concept is another important way to let us to see why liver so important. 

Because your life, your life, entire our life is based on the qi. Our life is based on the qi. But unfortunately we are constantly use the qi.

Then we constantly waste the qi. Waste the qi. I know many of us have experienced how difficult to save money, right? You save money, you save money, you save money because you want to put the down payment. 

You want to pay off the student loan, right? It's very difficult to save. You have to allow the discipline, you know, control. No, I'm not going to buy this. 

I have to pay off my debt. Control. But you never control your emotions. 

You're such a waster. Can you imagine every time you have emotions, it's one more wrinkle going to get deeper. Ah, suddenly that's so depressed. 

If I put that, your emotions associated with your wrinkle, my goodness, it's so depressed, right? But we wouldn't say that this. And then that's why someone just read the lines of the wrinkle knows what kind of emotions would you have. Can you imagine that? That would be the new class. 

I think everyone would decide how to read the wrinkles to diagnosis your qi deficiency. They are no accidents. See, go back again. 

That's the concept you have to see. Because different qi, different emotions contain different qualities of the qi. Then different quality of the qi will run through the different meridians. 

And the different meridians will run through the different parts of body parts. You see that? So that's why your qi change, your outside body change, the quality of your skin change, quality of your life change. And then the bottom line is the qi, the bottom line is emotions. 

Each one of us knows to save money is so difficult. To make money is a little bit difficult. We know, right? You want to make more, you need to work hard. 

You might get two jobs to make more money. But to save, how difficult? Many of you practice qigong to stand in there how long? Hours. How difficult? At the beginning, you only can do five minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. 

Even though you can do 40 minutes, hours, you can build up just one angle. The power of emotions, you don't know, because it's so bad we don't see. That anger itself, just think that anger can make a stroke. 

That anger, that emotion is equal like sending a missile out of space. That kind of power. But unfortunately no one sees that. 

We just waste. Because we think it gets easier. We think we have unlimited resources. 

Unlimited resources. We don't care. We just use them. 

Continue, continue, continue. I'll give you one example, right? Think of this example, right? Listen to me carefully. Right now, each one of you going to screening for two minutes or three minutes, five minutes maximum. 

Next day, your soul hurts. You don't have a voice. Five minutes. 

I think you guys maximum five minutes. You are screaming, crying. Next day, you don't have a voice. 

Then why baby can cry hours around the milk, around the sun, three hours. Next day still can't have a voice. Yeah, we have a pediatrician here.

She can tell you all of this stuff. What's happening? The baby has that kind of power, can scream and cry. Never lost the voice. 

Qi, that's the Qi. That's giving you a concept. Powerful Qi, life's force. 

We don't have. See, you know. That's what you know.

That's why the one of the good way to say someone say, oh, I have Qi. Come on, we're both screaming. Who can scream in a longer? Not today's longer, tomorrow.

We see, do you still have a voice? Oh, what's happening for you? I don't have a voice. You know, you don't have a Qi, right? The Qi. Why? Now go back one more time.

Location, location, location, right? Because the location is visible. It's Yang. Behind this location is invisible. 

It's a meridians, Qi flow. The flow, this location contained many different meridians run through this. Your lung, your colon, your kidneys, your liver, all these meridians running through this. 

So you think it's just a voice call. The voice itself has to be manifest, has to be cooperated with all these meridians. And just by the voice itself, all the meridians and the vibrator at the same time create your personalized symphony information. 

So that's why the song, the crazy, the cry takes a lot of Qi. Now you understand when you get angry, when you get emotions, how much Qi you will waste, how much energy you will waste. Now, if, if we can follow the natural law, we can use these five element consciousness framework, create the balance. 

Then therefore later we can create a harmony. Then how much energy we can save. We can use this energy for healing. 

We can use this energy to discover our inherited gift. We can use this energy to help others. I think that's each one of you guys, the dream. 

That's our dream, right? We can use this Qi at the beginning for help others, not help others. I'm sorry, I'm wrong. To help ourselves. 

Then later be able to help others. Okay. The other thing, so we say, all right, so all of this is a work element, the work element. 

So that is one of the, our system, what we learn. So follow this concept until next module, follow the module. So we are always, you can see why every time we do the relationship, we do the treatment. 

So we always based on this concept. We always do this work elements, just like a gate, just like your parents take you guys to the magical kingdom, which gate you enter, right? We are enter five element universe, which gate we are enter. We are enter work gate, work element gate. 

We are, we are choosing work element gate because we know this gate so well. We know the power because that power is everyday life we spend, every time we spend. So if we know how to resource, how to manage the energy, how to change the emotions, we have more Qi. 

We have more Qi, we have more power. So if we use, we can use good concept, right? If we can use good consciousness, the framework, what kind of illness and the disease we cannot manage. Everything is possible, can be managed.

So that's why the beauty of the five element consciousness framework is not just give us in the relationship outside the visible way and give us invisible way to see behind this materialized element is the Qi, is consciousness, is interrelationship. That's why next module, we are diving deeply to understand the unique relationship. It's a relationship make a difference. 

It's the team effort. So I know people love it to say, oh, it's a team effort. Yeah. 

It's a high level. Yes. It's team effort, which is true. 

It's a team effort. It is your team effort. You guys have to think in this. 

The other way to do the homework is real play your five fingers, truly understand. So simple concept. I'm telling you, because if you want to use this so naturally without the thinking, without the thinking, but you have to think you still need to think why sometimes you use the thumb, not index finger.

Why sometimes you need two? You need a real thinking this. Why sometimes you need a three when you're holding things? Why index finger have enough? Sometimes why you need a whole hand? You never think, but you do that. Why? Why? Because if you think still connect to different connect to different elements, then why you can use so naturally without a think because it's yours. 

It's yours. It's natural. But how can you use this natural capability in the forgiving to understand you are the mirror of the universe and that you are the child of the universe to understand everything's connect is your hand or is the consciousness of the elements calling you or guide you, or that is the remote control outside the space outside your body and somebody click and you are moving. 

I'm just giving this question. You don't need to give me the answer. You don't need to give me answer. 

You just follow this concept. Try to understand it's you or it's the other you or it's all the use, right? I forget which movies we, you know, I forget that the movie, the name of the movies, I liked the one that the guy and the aimed to promise the girls, I will love you in all the universe. I say, what? That guy gotta be knows though. 

Otherwise it wouldn't come out of this link. Not love you in this universe. I would love you in all the universe. 

That means how many universe ever there because at a different universe, you are pretend you are has a different body part. You have a different relationship. So that guy says, no matter what I change, no matter what I wear, I still love you. 

How deeply touch, but today we don't do this, right? We only touch the most. We only say, that's too fast. Ash to ash, even promise. 

And the one day still get out of here. I hire best lawyer fighting, right? We still doesn't do that. Right. 

I'm sorry. That's another marriage counselor here. So we don't talk about that part, but we still talk about that. 

Love you at all the universe. Anyway. Right. 

So I just, I just tried to say this to you guys. It's a soul beauty. This, you know, thank God. 

I would say, thank God. The Chinese ancient masters discovered this framework. This is a simple framework, not for high level people practice is for everybody. 

Everybody can be, you know, have experience has opportunity to use this framework to discover them position, then position or them relationship with the nature, with their own life, right? That's why I was thinking, isn't the most beautiful of this five element consciousness of framework. So no matter what you guys still need to work on the basic concept in the past, that this across a few cross, get this done. And then when the next module will come in, I'm not going to go to so deep. 

I'm going to continue to use this. We say, I say that before we are learning different kinds of information, different kinds of knowledge. So follow me again. 

I'm going to try to show you how do I use the Yin Yang and Qi concept? Different information has a what? Has a different Qi, right. That's a different concept, consciousness. Different knowledge has a different Qi and the different consciousness, right.

Different consciousness and the different knowledge need a different kind of consciousness and the different knowledge processing, just like a different food. You eat a different food, You need the processing. If you don't have a godbrother, you know you are difficult to eat the cheese.

Even you love the pizza, you want the extra cheese, you can't, otherwise you're gonna suffer stomachache. Why? You are missing something, but still possible to do that. Then you have to ask your liver function more because the liver only by herself.

It's a single parent who want to raise a kid. It's not easy, they don't have a partner now because the godbrother be accidentally in the moving. Think of this.

So when we study this five element consciousness framework, that framework, I said at the beginning, this class is not philosophy class. This class is not just, this class is a consciousness, but I don't want to do that way. I will bury this into that, otherwise it's too crazy, become mental.

I want to let you discover the power, discover each one of us, need to discover the doubt is inside with us. How do we apply? How do we live in this? How can we experience? And therefore, therefore we cannot use all the habit, all the learning skill, all the learning skill, which is we all be mental abused. I'm sorry, we all be mental abused, started from the kindergarten all the way to the college.

Some people has a PhD, then you'll be worse because you will abuse them all. The more degrees you are, the more abused you are, right? So the main, you have to understand that's a different kind of thought, different kind of knowledge, different kind of food, different kind of food, different kind of chi, different kind of consciousness. Then you need a different consciousness.

It can be what? Balance, harmony, and the digestive and the processing then transform, become yours. Otherwise still the mind is not yours. Please become yours.

Change the mind, change your way thinking. So the Eastern processing, you have to become a loop, not a step, build up. You have to loop up again and again from the different angles, 300 degree, right? Which is the last class you just learned.

360 in and out, how exciting this homework. How many people go down more? How many people really see what's the difference? You might say, son of God, why they don't teach us at the elementary school or even at the college? Can you imagine you do this? My goodness, you make you always thinking, what am I missing? Right? They might change your entire, now you learned this. If you're gonna go to the online dating, you might be able to see more.

No, I just give you a new way to thinking about it, right? I think that I covered the whole thing, almost every, you know. So in the other elements, water elements, I don't have to say more because most should be there. And you guys should read it.

If, you know, listen to the one more time or read whatever the book information should be there. Then when we go to the next module, we will blend into more. But we say the water element is our enter gate.

So that's why I will emphasize more of deliver because all you need one gate, so good, right? Good, you need a damn good, not just a good. I want you a damn good. You guys, let me do the one more thing, sorry.

You guys really need to think this. How do I say this? Musician, right? If your violins, if your flutes, each one have their instrument. They have to love the instrument just like love themself.

Then the instrument become themself. Does anyone watch that one of the movie called the Red Violins? If you haven't watched that, please watch their movies. Their movies has some kind of concept of the consciousness of the violins become the person, the violin contained the spirit or consciousness of the every prayer.

So the longer the violin go through, and the more love the story, love the music the violin played, the violin itself contained the feelings, the consciousness. It's so beauty that the movie itself has so many this type of the consciousness. Maybe they don't say that this way.

But at least I watched it, I saw this one, I said, wow, that is true. That's true. So you guys really need to see this part, right? So they are something is there, just how do you can see this way? Now you learned this Yin Yang concept, can you watch the movie differently? Can you listen things differently? Can you see things differently? Can you look at yourself differently? And illness or condition differently? If you can do that, you are graduated.

Then that's just new beginning. Sorry, I destroyed your entire life to build up the consciousness. You know, Master Liu, you screw up my mind.

That's the whole purpose, right? They are no accidents. Now we were only living in one reality. Now we know there are multiple realities.

It's very exciting. Some good options. Now we can open up for questions.

All right, please raise your hand and try and keep the content pertinent to what you're learning. Hello there, Sergio. Oops.

Okay. My goodness, you are fast. You are always the first one.

Hi, Claudia. You are Yin Yang, you are balanced, right? Can you imagine we put the one person away and see that you come out the first? Hello. Thank you, Elaine.

Hello, dear Master for your exquisite key and passion in this class. Thank you very much. Master, I would like to ask you about in the module eight, in the relationship in metal and the metal, the lung, the lung element or the lung organ metal element.

In the description in the video, for me, for us, it was a very cryptic, very dark in our understanding. Could you give, could you expand a little bit the explanation of the metal? In the video, you say gold, gold. But in all the teaching for me, metal, it related to the mountains, the minerals, the rock, stone, emotionally related to the depression, sadness, melancholy.

But in our understanding, could you explain a little bit more, expand it a little about the metal element? A little more example about the metal element related to the lung, related to the large intestine. Could you explain a little more, please? All right, I try. All right, let me try.

I'm trying to do this, so that's why I give it a translation. The vocabulary translation. In the Chinese five elements, the word the Chinese chose is a spelling called the jing.

The jing cannot translate as the metal. The jing should translate as gold. Because when the Chinese, when the vocabulary, when the five element concept exist, that time, the Chinese already has the vocabulary of the jing and the vocabulary of the metal here.

It's totally two category, and totally two pronunciation. Every word, words be chosen has a consciousness, right? There are no accidents. It's not a must to say, oh, I don't have a high, I don't graduate for the high school.

I only know that that one, then he chose the wrong vocabulary. No, they pick up the vocabulary as jing instead of para, the vocabulary called the ti. Metal is translated Chinese called the ti.

It's a metal. You go to the metal, yeah. You don't go to the gold, yeah.

Can you imagine you go to the county gold, yeah. Everywhere is the gold. My goodness.

You just pick up the gold, go home. You go to the metal, yeah. You don't want that junk.

Metal, yeah, it's junk. So that's called a metal. Metal, understand whole concept? So once you change this vocabulary, so make your real thinking, what's happening? What's happening about the metal? Beauty, right? The thousands of years, no matter what kind of culture, what kind of nationality, metal, the real gold, only for richest authority, power, right? Which country hold the more gold? You go to the under the bank, they have the gold, each piece is the gold.

And they don't put the metal. Can you imagine having to change it? And the metal, yeah, they don't give the metal rings. Come on, they give the gold rings.

At least 14 carat gold. Can you imagine? Does something change? Right? The metal, value, the value. So once the value, then you have to real thinking, which is just to say that the other way as the four important point or time of the nature, right? Spring equinox and the four equinox.

The four equinox equal to the metal or equal to the gold, long. So now think of this, the four equinox is your lung. How important? How important the lung can have these positions to balance everything you screw up at the summer and everything might coming out at the winter.

Because spring equinox and the balance, half a year. The four equinox balance, and the other half is the balance. So therefore, the lung or metals, what we call the lung, has the capability to make this balance.

The balance can be what? Visible, invisible, healthy and unhealthy, richness and the poorness, right? Everything is up to you. How to get a balance? Your skin or the internal body, this all can get a balance, right? So you just have to look at this a positive way. And definitely they want to do the negative way.

So that's why they can, it's called the business man. How can I use the fear to make you come to give you a treatment, right? If I tell you how good this, I don't need the treatment. Thank you.

Good morning, Joanna. Good morning, everybody. Good morning, Master Liu.

I had a question about emotions. When you were talking about emotions and how if there are very strong emotions, we're wasting our Qi, but we also don't want to suppress them. And I'm wondering where's the sweet spot? What is a healthy response? Let's say if I have a very stressful day, maybe feel overwhelmed, long hours, what is a healthy way to process that? Screaming, let it go.

Instead of go to the gym, instead of go to the boxing punch, instead of go to the running. Yeah, so that's why you see that people say, you have a stress, I go to the gym. And then why after gym help you, you releasing it.

You use the energy, transform this and the wish this stress emotions and the stress energies can follow the action and the releasing it. But no one knows, no one knows how much you can release in it, right? Number one, because if you study the Marines, you understand different kind of stress need a different kind of energy. Different kind of energy need a different kind of physical motions, right? It's energy, it's a frequency.

You're at the wrong frequency, doesn't help you releasing it. So you understand, so that's why people say, oh, I go to there. I say, you don't know.

You think you know. You think you know, but then you say, oh, I feel good. Yes, you feel good in one angle.

So that's why you have to continue. Now look at the one angle, right? Eyes, no matter good or bad, you all use the eye to look, right? You don't say, oh, good. Let me use the hand touch.

Bad, let me use the eye to look. You don't do it this way, right? You only look at both eyes, depending on how do you want to see. Good and bad, all see through the eyes.

Now, let me ask you one more thing. What's different between your eyes and the mirrors? One is just a reflection. That's right.

One is a reflection. Doesn't matter good or bad, it's a mirror. One is a perception.

Your eye is a perception. Can you imagine your eyes become a mirror? We all get enlightened. I'm trying to make my eyes like a mirror.

Doesn't matter good and bad. It's a refresh. So that's called a wisdom.

Try and learn it that way. Try, at least we try. At least we know, wow, how good is, how touch, right? It's refreshing.

If our eyes can be just like a mirror, no personal opinion added behind, then our emotions wouldn't be so much higher and lower. Now, our energy cannot be that so much waste. Yeah, so more like an objective observer in a way.

That's right. That's interesting, thank you. You're welcome.

Isn't that the beauty of yin and yang? Yes. Good morning, Joe and all your friends. Good morning.

Hey, I just have a question. You went over, you said the emotion rises and then the chi rises and then the blood rises and then you run out of chi, then you have a stroke. Is that, so how did, so do I understand this right? So you have this emotion and then the chi goes up, then the blood goes up, but then you used up all your energy.

If you used up all your energy, then it gets stuck there, right? Because you used up all the energy on the emotion and you can't make it come back down, is that what it is? No, you still used it. You used this energy, then the energy will rise. Energy rise, it will take a blood rise.

Then if your blood clock also rise. Wait. The clock, the clock, you know, at the inside, then therefore they still rise.

Everything gonna rise. Now if rise, rise, your energy until certain level high, not high enough, stuck at the there, what's happening? So like, so, but I'm trying to understand. So you have all this, you have enough energy to get it up there, but you don't have enough energy to get it all the way.

Completely, that's right. All the way over the top. You can just put it down.

Right. Doesn't matter, right? I can continue to go up and continue to go down. Then I'm beatable.

Right. You see that some people can get crazy and the little kids start the morning cry, evening continue cry. Day after day, and the mother will say, shut up, I can handle that.

Right. So use all, use your energy to do this, but you don't have, you shouldn't really, yeah. So if you don't have enough energy to get around the hump, like go up the rollercoaster, and then you can't go back down.

Now, boom, happen. Then you see, that's called energy go. But if, now they go to the, if you have a stagnation, see, if your blood quality is not good, now hear this, then something might happens.

Now here, one more layer, one more layer is what? Consciousness and the purpose. Now that's one more layer. It's a much deeper layer now, because it seems everything happened for a reason.

The stroke has the reason. Now that's why it's so deep. I won't touch it.

It's a reason. You are capable. Everyone is capable.

You are capable to make a body have a stroke experience, but you are not ready to experience stroke outcome. Someone has a black clock. Now look at that, right? If we say this way, look at the woman.

So if the menstrual cycle has a clock, that means that your body has a clock. Then why your menstrual cycle has a clock? It doesn't mean you get a stroke. You're not ready.

You're not ready. You have a capability. You have ingredients, but you are not using ingredients to make that kind of soup.

You have ingredients. I have best state. Hey, there's a lousy customer guest.

I'm not going to feed you a steak. I give you some chicken noodle soup. That's it.

After eat, get out of here, right? I keep the steak for myself. Ingredients is there, but for who? When? How? That's called information. That's called a purpose.

So that's why we call consciousness is behind these events. Purpose, right? That's what we say, the one of existing has a purpose. Existing is a natural law.

Otherwise it never exist. Otherwise it never exist. So everything can be exist.

It got to be meet the requirement. They meet the requirement. The requirement is what? It's a consciousness.

It's the purpose. Is that why like when you talk about a stroke, somebody has a stroke or somebody has a TIA, which is like a little, just less than 24 hour strokes. Do they, those TIA people can complete the, somehow they can push back.

No, the TIA people, yeah. That's one way you can say this way. And the other way you say that people get that, then they start to, oh, no, I don't want to be that stupid way.

So consciously they- That's right. I don't want to sit in a wheelchair and then someone pushing me and they say, oh, oh, something, you know, happens. Well, they back it off- I want to be independent.

Then- They try it and then they back it off consciously. That's right. Yes.

But we never see this part. And we don't want to see this part. And then we only focus on the condition, symptoms.

But if you want to see one more layer, it's me. That person, that person's consciousness is alive. It's awakening.

The person still have awareness to understand want to be independently and freedom. So be the practitioners, have to catch this moment. How do I guide you? How do I use this gift and allow you to heal other things? That will be miracle.

And therefore, you don't have to work so hard as a practitioners. It's just to give additional support. Then the patient knows how to deal with the situation.

Thank you. You're welcome. Good morning, Connie.

Hi. This might be a very simple question. Hi, Ms. Liu.

Hi, everybody. We always talk about how everything's connected to our fingers, our meridians, our elements. Which element and which meridian is connected to each finger? Because I've been trying to figure this out for years.

And sometimes I get it, and sometimes I don't. I don't want to leave it to me anymore. That's why I don't want to repeat it again because that's called the common information.

Everyone we have here, so many doctors, so many acupuncturists, so many professionals, they are more precisely correct. This information, we don't have to waste the time here. But just to tell you, each fingers are related to individual meridians.

It's very important. And we do the pinky, all right? Or the thumb is very important. Thumb related to your lung, and the pinky related to your heart.

How about that? That would be good. Those two I know. That's enough.

And the middle finger also related to the heart. So that's why. It's a meditation.

You give the thumb, and now it's a joke, but it's not a joke. The middle finger is related to pericardium. The pericardium is the yang of the heart.

The heart is in. The pericardium is yang. The real heart function is pericardium.

So that's why you give the pericardium to somebody, we'll make it a stroke. But you give the pericardium to yourself, it's inner peace. So that's why you see the Buddha will hold this posture, mudras.

Why? Inner peace. Then why inner peace, and they don't give out the middle finger? You cannot inner peace. You see someone, you get angry, but you're holding back inner peace.

So the other two, I'm never gonna know. Where do I- Yeah, the other two is called, the other two is the mystery of the fingers. So you're going to discover that by yourself.

It's your homework. Okay, okay, okay. We'll help you out, Connie.

Hi, Barb. Good morning. Oh, good morning.

Good morning. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Mr. Liu.

In understanding yin and yang, is, and the source, universe, oneness, and so on, is the moment of death, the point at which yin and yang are separated and our meridians and soul spirit return to the source before the yin and yang. Be careful the words would you use, before and after. Yeah.

It's separated. Before, after, looking like they have a dot, and the zero. No, it's continuously and smoothly, and gradually, I try to, my poor English vocabulary, and it just allow you, just like a water, life and death is just like a water flow into the pot, tight.

There's a no, and only at the beginning, when you're born, after this life and the death, it just continues. Life is a death. Right now, you're still dying.

You're slowly dying. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say it that way. I'm slowly dying, but I'm slowly continuing to be born.

You cannot separate it. It is every moment we are dying. It's true.

Every moment, I'm with new lives, and the good question is, find a good lawyer. Next life, negotiate a good life. You need a good lawyer to help you negotiate that through good habits.

That's it. Thank you. Thank you.

So one, a question that I have, if you were to tie in Joanna's question about dealing with stress, and Joe's question about a stroke and not having enough chi, is it a matter of understanding your own, your relationship with yin and yang? If you can understand yin and yang, does that help you understand your consciousness, therefore you can help your chi? Yes, that's not, still not, because your emotions are still based on your perception, based on your beliefs. So your beliefs, you have a mental pattern. You have eyes, your mental pattern, because you only see what you want to see.

We all see what we want to see. So that's why this course will help us, right? I hope you guys, through this course, can open up your visions, can see more. I mean, therefore, before certain situation bothers you, now should be less the bothers you, because you see more.

But you can see opposite, right? The yin and the yang, the first concept is an opposite position. So whatever makes your emotions out of balance is you only see one angle. The opposite never exists.

So that's why it's so crazy. But if you see the both, 50-50, why you get so crazy, right? Now if you can draw a little bit more good, then you say, that's such a waste, right? So therefore, so that's why I say, the yin-yang concept is so beautiful, so beautiful. That's why they say the yin-yang concept is the rule of control, the life and the death, right? It's the rule controlling.

It's a manifestation of the life and the death. So allow us to see. So that's why I say you guys should do the homework, continuous.

At the beginning, it's not easy, because it's not in your pattern. It's not the way at the Western, even at the Eastern talk about this, but not that many people apply this. The Western never talk about this.

Just continuous, yes, no. You go to the court, always, yes, no. You cannot answer second one, right? Oh, you can, no.

Just answer me, yes, no. But something cannot answer just yes, no. That's a new, how to say? I think of Weizhen come up with new yin-yang concept.

Have you seen Weizhen new ad? The broken, it's a beauty, it's good. The cell phone broken, it's good. They tell you it's good.

Why bad things is good. That's yin and yang. They don't do this yin-yang concept of the advertising, but they use the concept, bad is good.

Depends on how do you wanna see. It's beautiful. It gives us the option to see all our multiverses, right? Yeah, if you guys can use, apply this slowly, apply this, see more.

You just have to do this more, a little by little, then become yours. Okay, and one more question. We have Sergio.

Go ahead. Okay, thank you again. Daniel, you don't get enough? Yeah, he's excited.

Sorry, because in my life, I'm a musician and a music therapist here in Chile. And my question is, there is a relationship between musical sound, sounds in general, with each organ, each element. And there is sound, musical sound notes, that I can apply in music therapies.

Treatment, for example, the liver, this kind of sound or this kind of note, this kind of vibration, this kind of color of sounds related to each element behind the consciousness of the sound, you know? There is a mention about that, please, master. Because each sound, right? Which instrument you play? Keyboards. How many notes, keyboards? A drummer, right? So you have to, or guitar, or you play a lot of stuff, okay? So instrument has a different frequency, right? The sound has an unlimited frequency because chi is unlimited.

The chi is unlimited. And then therefore, frequency is unlimited. But instrument, the notes is limited.

So being the musician, you know, use limited instrument, limited notes, try to represent the unlimited frequency, almost impossible. Now, how to do that? How to do that? It's called a group category. Just like a wood element has category.

In this, everything is in the wood element. From the biggest tree, thousands of years old tree, or to the smallest, can be just like, you know, tiny grass, or just a prenu, not annual, it's a prenu. The prenu flowers, they never have a chance to see when where's the snow, where's the cold weather.

So they're missing the frequency, right? They're missing the winter frequency, but doesn't matter. They are in the same category. So in this same category is how much range you can cover.

So what things can cover? Only your chi can cover. The notes cannot cover. Now, your chi is what? It's your consciousness.

So that's why go to the next level, become what kind of qigong practice will allow you open up this range, a range. Then therefore, your consciousness mind, consciousness mind can merge, and the consciousness achieve, and through limit the notes, and send out this consciousness. That takes a lot, a lot of years, practice, practice, and practice.

All right, well, at that point, I think that's a really great way to end. Any closing remarks, Master Liu? So guys, do the homework, please. It's your responsibility, right? So they say, you only can lead a horse to the river, you cannot make a horse to drink.

None of you guys is elementary school, they have to force you, homework, homework! It's your life. It's your taste. It's your own, how to say, that your own perception to see how much you are worth.

Thinking what I say, are you worth it? Are you worth it to discover the wisdom? Are you worth it to discover the something belong to you? If you believe you are the child of the universe, make all these wisdoms is belong to you. It's up to you who you want it. Otherwise, don't get jealous, same parents, why you say that you are, or when you write your, what do you call it? The, what do you call it? When you die, you write things.

You will. You will, I'm not included. You are included, but you just not figure out, you didn't figure out.

I'm just a reminder, you guys, hey, you all, it's belong to you guys. You just forget, right? Do you understand what's the difference? It's because of the forget. Forget means excuse yours.

You don't know. You just forget. Understand? Doesn't mean you're lost.

You're forget. Remember, you are forget. You need to find that there's a password.

You need to find that there's an access code. The access code has to come from your heart, not your mind. The access code has come from your heart.

Not in your mind. Otherwise, every PhD can get it. Done.

Have a nice Saturday. Well, the rest of the day, I know I wouldn't screw up, you guys. The weekends and the beautiful weekends, enjoy the Saturday and the Sunday, discover your wisdoms.

All righty. Let's do the homework. Thank you, Mr. Liu.

Bye. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you, everyone.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, bye-bye.

Bye, bye-bye. Thank you. Bye.

Thank you. Bye.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 4th Class 3.22.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 5th Call 3.29.25.txt ----
Good morning. Once again, Saturdays with Master Liu, always something wonderful to look forward to because we never know what he's going to talk about. But today for me anyway, this is a very exciting period where we start getting more into the five elements and the relationships.

So this morning, Master Liu is going to start talking about Shang Sen. Master Liu, teach us a little bit more about Shang Sen. Okay, so before getting in this concept, right, so we are finishing the first module which is the foundation. 

I think each one of you have some kind of idea what are we going to, right? So we need to lay the foundation. So foundation is very important. The foundation will help you how high or how deep you want to go. 

I won't say how deep you want to go because that's the words people say go too deep or we say how high you want to go because high is a limit. Deep is unlimited. Deep is a limit. 

How deep? The earth. How deep? You can go all the way through. It's China, so that's the deepest you can go in the earth, right? High? You don't know because out of our solar system, out of the universe, out where? We don't know. 

Can all the way change it before the big bang, right? So that's why high. I think it's better how high you want to go. But no matter what, it's the foundation. 

We say there's a foundation, foundation, foundation. So what we're going to do to study this, we say that it's not just a rational mind, right? We need this mind. We need the mind to help us to analyze, to see, to see these things. 

So this module, we're going to talk about the five element framework. So the framework, just a framework, but the framework includes the five elements. So when the five elements are put into that framework, then position, you have to understand it's called a position. 

Each element has its own unique character, own chi, own consciousness, and own purpose. Each element, but once you put into the system, they can contain their own integrity, own chi, own consciousness, but the relationship can be totally different. So think about that. 

If a water element, we all can say, yeah, water element. So if a water element by itself, that's easy to say, right? Beach, ponds, your backyard, water flow, waterfalls, whatever, it's water. Maybe drinking the water, that's a water element. 

So you can say we are all connected. From the natural elements to the unnatural elements, they are all connected because it's water. But once this water put into different processes, then change it, change it. 

So the water element can be natural, water element can be unnatural. What do you call the unnatural? Main mate, or main manipulate, like a dams, we manipulate. So we think, oh, we need to save the water, we need to build up this, so what do we do? We change the entire energetic flow.

We change it. So by our limited understanding, limited understanding, we think it's a benefit, but we're missing the other side of it. Because the limited understanding, the purpose of what we do, and the manipulated natural law, right? Fire, right? Fire element, everybody understands. 

Fire element, in your house, a fire element, you don't play this stone. How many times you go to play only when you cook? As today, not many people want to cook, and they call, even call Uber to deliver the food. Who's going to cook? Who's going to play this fire element? But unfortunately, nature is going to play, right? Look at the California, wildfire, wildfire, you can play it, but bad good happens. 

How do we know? We don't know, but we know at the front of us. We see the damage, we see the people's house, but we don't see after this, what's happening. We don't see. 

We will not going to see many, many, many years later. What's the whole purpose? We don't know, right? So that's why we say the element itself has own consciousness, own chief, but once put in together, whole concept will change. So today we are going to talk about the first concept, which is in the five elements, why we show the five elements framework. 

Everybody knows this framework. I think you all have this framework in front of you. You see that these are five elements. 

It's nice. It's a circle. It's beautiful. 

It's a relationship, but you see the outside the circle inside the lines. That's called a five element framework, but we only make this called a five element consciousness framework. So ideas remind us to say, hey, do not stuck in this materialized.

We have to go beyond the materialized, beyond the materialized. Once we go beyond the materialized, what do we see? We see the chief. We see the consciousness. 

We see the purpose. That's the framework, but the first framework we see, because we say that at the first class, not today's first class, we say they are many different ways to understand this framework. We try to understand for the Taoist way. 

So the inner Tao has many different concepts. The first one of the unique concept in the Tao is everything is circle. Zhuangzi say huanzi wuduan. 

I said Chinese. Ideally it's a circle, no beginning, no end. So beautiful.

So give us to see the circle is one of the concept in the Tao. One of the concept make you see everything is a circle, no beginning, no end. One day is the circle 24 hours again, again, right? You wake up and you do all needed to do. 

You want to sleep the next day, wake up again. You repeat, right? Day after day, week after week, year after year, life after life. That's all circle. 

And sometimes we say, no, that's enough. I want to get out of the circle. Yes. 

Which can happen. You don't happen. You just enter the same problem again because you enter the same frequency. 

The other circles, circle with the circle, always connect, connect differently. So the circle is the concept once in the Tao. So in this five element consciousness, this framework, we can see the circle, right? We can see outside is a circle. 

It's a big loop. It's a circle. The fire, the metal, and earth. 

But the other circle is a loop inside. Even the stream, the inside the dark lines can be also a circle. So they show you the two of the circles that they are all circles, right? The first circle is outside the circle. 

And then when we say, okay, based on the work to the fire, to the earth, to the metal, to the water. So that's the first circle. This circle in the Chinese framework is called the first circle we have to see. 

Chinese called the Xiangsheng. That circle means Xiangsheng. Why is it so difficult to pronounce it? If possible, you guys should know how to pronounce this concept, this word, right? So we're missing the second one. 

You know, the sun at the above of the E should be straight lines. The straight lines, meaning they are tone. That's a tone. 

Chinese words has a tone, has four tones, right? They say tone, first, second tone, third tone, fourth tone. There's four tones. Xiangsheng, both is the first tone. 

Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Tone. So this vocabulary hasn't been used for thousands years. 

Thousands years. So therefore these two words together create the own chi, own consciousness. So if you try to learn the Chinese five elements framework, I highly recommend you try to, at the least, when someone talk about the Chinese, if you cannot say that, then at the least, when someone come out of the mouth for this, you should realize, oh, that means mutual creations, right? If you translate that to English, you would call it mutual creation. 

Something can be created. So the Chinese also use these words to say, ah, it's difficult. So why not? They give you a more visualized concept. 

It's called a mother-child relationship. So which means each one is the mother. Each one also can be the child.

For example, the wood is the mother of the fire. But the fire can be the mother of the earth. Earth can be mother of the metal. 

Metal can be mother of the water. And the water still be able to be mother of the world. So therefore become circle after circle. 

Remember we say that one's element itself has own integrity, own chi, own consciousness, own purpose. But once they put into these Xiangsheng circles, the position, location, location, location, the location itself, the position itself never change. So therefore whole relationship will be settled down. 

The purpose will be settled down and cannot change. For the mother-child relationship cannot change, right? Many of you have experienced, no matter how old you are, no matter how successful you are, how famous you are, when you go home, Christmas, or your son go home to see your mother, hey, you still child. You still as the daughter. 

You still as the son. No, man, you don't say, I'm the president come home. Hey, come on. 

No, the mother always the mother. In mother eyes, no matter how good you are, you're still my kids. Understand that relationship? And I think most of you have that kind of experience. 

No, I want to change. Hey, when you be the mother, have you heard it? One day you will know. That's why one day you will know, right? It's one day you will know.

In this relationship, they changed because the position, right? Once the work itself enter, now what can be the mother? Also what can be the child? Depend who, right? The relationship depend who. So the here in the Xiangsheng, they are feel the most important concept, which is today we need to discuss, right? We need to discuss the first one. We say the energy, right? This energy, what we call the Xiangsheng energy, mother-child relationship. 

I'm going to change a little bit, right? Xiangsheng, mother-child, this kind of relationship change. So when the relationship, mother and the child, the mutual creation is called a mutual creation. Once mutual creation, the chi can be create mutual creation. 

The consciousness can be mutual creation. The purpose can be mutual creation. Depend how do we want to see.

Now, first, the concept is energy, which is a chi or consciousness. That's always easier from the mother to the child. The energy always is not high. 

I'm not saying mother's energy is high. That's not what I say. I'm saying that's always from the mother position, give it to the kids, give it to the child. 

This one is unconditional, never change, never change. No matter how old you are, does your mother always worry about you? Even they say, I'm not worried about it. I don't care. 

I don't care. The more they say I don't care, the more they care. Otherwise they won't say that. 

So no matter what, that's always worried. Most of you, I think that you have experienced, you still worry about it. Now, some people even worry about their grandkids.

Kids are not enough. Their grandkids, even great-grandkids still trying to work. Why? Think about it. 

That's the nature. So apply this nature to the wood, to the fire, to the earth, to the metal, to the energy. Always from the higher go lower, non-change, non-change.

This concept, this concept in the clinic, in the clinic, right? Otherwise, why we use this? We say because how to use this concept? You often see, you often see the child always need more, right? More. You see the kids always want more. Not to say enough is enough. 

More. They want more. They want more. 

They constantly draw the energy to the mother, from the mothers, because the mother is so easy to give it, right? The wood is easy. The wood killing, water element, right? According for the body is the killing energy, killing and blood, right? It's always easy. Every time your emotions change, you suck out the energy to the killing. 

So the end of the day, you feel tired. The blood pressure go high. How can blood pressure go high? So we try to fix the liver. 

No, it's the killing because the mother energy be sucked out. The one of the which is today, right? One number one killer in the clinic, we say heart disease. What is a heart disease, right? Corneal heart disease. 

That's one of the particularly heart disease. Always. It's not coming from the heart. 

It's coming from the stomach. The earth, stomach and the spleen is the child of the heart. It's a pericardium. 

So therefore, they constantly need it. Why need it? Because function disorder, right? Look at today's diet. Look at what you eat.

So if earth function, which is digestive system function disorder, then what's happening? You impact to the mother. You constantly want more energy and the mother has issues, right? That's the number one. So we need it. 

We understand it's one of the first important concept. Energy always from the mother come to the child. It's very, very difficult to see the child payback, child support. 

You're always difficult to see. The kids always say, mom, don't worry. I will take care. 

I'll take care of myself. I will take care of you. Not the many times you will see that. 

And sometimes you see that you're so grateful, right? You pray, finally, right? My kid wake up, right? Do something. That's the one thing. Now, the second one, the second concept into here is a child always be the child. 

Because the child needs to grow. So what do they need? They need support. They need energetic support, chi support. 

They need the consciousness support. They need the knowledge and they need technique. So therefore, the level of the mother will directly impact to the level of the child growth questions. 

You think of this way. So suppose you say, I want my heart will go on, right? I want open my heart. But if your liver function screw up under a lot of stress, emotional stress or physical stress, spiritual stress, how can you allow your heart open? How can you add that kind of concept? Say, I go out, I go, you know, go weekend workshop to do that, you know, meditation.

My heart will open. Impossible. Excuse me. 

Impossible. Look at the framework. The framework, no matter which master, they have to follow this framework. 

None of the master get above this framework. None. You haven't seen any master say, I'm above the five element world.

No, I haven't seen anyone will say this. So they still have to under these laws that called the natural law. If they teach you the truth, the natural law is a natural law. 

You cannot above the natural law. You can above the human law, but you cannot above the natural. So therefore the mother's balance, mother's harmony, mother's wisdom will directly impact to the child will grow. 

So in the clinic, what do we see? We see many times this happens, right? Like, for example, today, you know, many, many people experience chronic cough after COVID. COVID-19. After that, how many people suffer this chronic cough? So you think it's a lung issue.

You think it's a lung issue. You constantly treat the lung, but it's not. It's a mother.

Digestive system function disorder. The mother doesn't have enough resource. The chi.

As of today, all the chi based on the food. For majority of the people, your chi only can based on the food what you take, but also based on how much you are inherited. That's only two resource. 

Not many people can say, I can get the chi for the sun, for the moon. Your body is not solar system. Have you seen anyone carry the solar panel and walk around? No, you carry the cell phone.

You don't put the solar on your head and walk around, constantly have the chi, have energy you can use. You don't. Even though we eat the food, right? All the plants, veggies, flowers, all the they are solar. 

They are mini solar system because they can get the chi from the sun, then transform to light. We cannot do that. We don't know how to do that. 

And because the majority of the people doesn't know. Only a few people discover that, but they never tell them. They hide it. 

So therefore, if a digestive system is not good, how can they support the kids? How can you really heal your lung issues? Impossible, right? That's what we see. So the mother's level will directly impact the child. That's the second one. 

The third one, third one you see, because the mother and the child relationship, the idea is allow the child to grow, right? Called a mutual creation. So the old, excuse me, I get too excited. Yes, every time I think, I can think that, you know, a lot. 

So which is I can see my master and tell me all of these things make me so excited. How can I get, how can I get, right? So when the child need to grow, right? That's why the Chinese put this kind of image. It's like a mother and child relationship. 

So the child would need to grow. Each one of the little kids for the coming up babies grow, grow, grow, and push it to the school, kindergarten, elementary school, college, PhD. Wow. 

Push, push, push, push to grow mentally, physically, and emotionally. We want to be stronger. We want to be the top. 

We want to stay the top of the mountain. Grow, right? But no matter how much you grow, you're still who you are. You only can be more profound, profound, discover the potential of the who you are. 

Each one of the us contain them all the different potentials, the probabilities, and opportunities. We only can be this, but we cannot go beyond the mother. So you cannot be that way. 

You can be better than her, but you're still who you are. You cannot one day go back to you, tell your mother, hey, get out, I'm the mother now. I'm the boss. 

You don't do some people do that. I know they'd be punished. I'm sorry. 

That's another what I try to say, right? The position never can change. No matter, you only can be more profound of who you are, but you cannot go beyond, right? You only can be more profound. You only can discover the more potential right? So that's why you're in mother's eyes. 

You're watching, you have more potential. Why limit yourself? Why you do this? Limit your potential, potential, right? In somebody's eyes, your master's eyes, your mother's eyes, your teacher's eyes, and elementary school, do you have, remember the first day good at the elementary school, the teacher, they can see the kids immediately. That's a good kid, right? Good kid. 

They see the potential, but there's so many other issues, ADD, all of these things, limiting, right? Limiting the potential. That's what's called the unique character. It's a child never can go beyond. 

Then has one more, it's very important. When? When the mother, the element of the mother be balanced and harmony. If a mother itself discovered, then the child also can be discovered, can be at the right nurture, nurture, right? Nurturing and the teaching and the support, finally, and the child will grow up themselves, discover more. 

Then the mother and the child relationship can be mutual, tend to the oneness. That is the highest level. That's the highest level. 

In the clinic, it's so difficult to see, even though we know, right? In the clinic, we say, mother and the child, same issue. Sometimes, most likely, the clinic will only see it's the same issue. They suffer in the same problem, right? It's the same problem. 

Therefore, in order to fix the visa and the mother-child should fix it at the same time, we go back to the same concept, it's a chronic cough, right? Chronic cough. You look like a lung, we think that the cough always long, right? But it's not, can be mother. Most likely, if you don't know how to do that, go to the mother, never make a mistake because it's a mutual correction. 

The energy is easy to go there, right? So we think this way. So when these things happen, how do we deal? We have to deal with the earth, digestive system, and the lung at the same time. We cannot just treat the lung without considering mother. 

I'll give you another example in the clinic, high blood pressure. The high blood pressure can be emotions, which is a liver issue, but also high blood pressure can be a stachyne issue. You run out of gas, you run out of qi, you're so tired, what's happening? So we have to deal the liver and kidney at the same time.

We cannot just treat liver without treating kidneys. Otherwise, impossible to deal. That's the way we often see the clinic. 

But only once the blue moon, the miracle happens, and the mother is so healthy, so balanced, and the kids are also healthy, then something can be mutual correction. Then turn it to the oneness. Then that's the oneness. 

For example, I do the liver and the kidney again. When the liver and the kidney can be oneness, so that means what we heard is every mother's prayer, every child knows. Have you feel that? The mother can feel the child, thousands of months, no matter where the child is sick, mother have a feeling. 

So does a child have the same kind of feeling? My mother's sick, my mother needs help, without calling you. Feeling, right? Non-rational minds, intuitive minds, in a quantum entanglement, because mother and the child is connected. It's oneness. 

That's what we want to go there. That's the spirit, that's the consciousness of the five element consciousness. What else? I think I should, I covered it, how fast today. 

Wow, I get it done. So therefore we finished. I do have a question for you, Master Liu. 

When you talk about the potential of who you are, I see that as understanding the organ, understanding the element, the consciousness, the chi, right? Understanding its purpose. And then when you say the organ can never go beyond itself, are you saying then that, for example, the lung has its own duty, its own consciousness, its own purpose. It can be more balanced, more enhanced, but it can never be what the mother is.

They are each individual entities. However, together, they can create a harmony. The liver only can become the perfect liver, right? The lung only can become perfect lung.

Right? Each organ, once they're in this kind of framework, they have to fulfill their destiny. They cannot say one day the liver say, I don't want to be the liver, which is we'll talk about the story, right? One day the fish doesn't want to be the fish, it turned into the bird. Couldn't want to be the pen, huh? That's in the dao, right? You can do, but in these bodies, materialize the level of the this, you cannot. 

Each organ, just like a cell, at the beginning of the cell, in the mother's womb, the cell is all equal. Once the cell spread to the different, once it goes to the liver, then the cells agree. My entire life associated, devoted, be a perfect liver. 

They cannot say, oh, I don't like, I can change your mind and go back to the know, right? So that's why we say, I say that the, each element only can be profound, profound to understand she, who is. Okay. We're going to open the questions. 

If you have questions, please raise your hand and please keep your question to today's comment content so that we can continue to digest what we're learning. I also want to say, I love the fact that you bring in the Chinese language of the fact that shangshan has been used for thousands of years. That consciousness allows us to see the mutual creation, how profound that is. 

Okay. Cheryl, did you have a question? Oh, there you are. It's Tom. 

Hi, Tom. Good morning. Morning. 

So when we talk about looking at the five elements and we're trying to create that triangle relationship for healing, does that triangle always include the mother and the child plus the dirt organ? Always say, when you try to look at the relationship, try to create a, a triangle through the five elements. Does that have to include the mother and child? And then we look for the third organ in that relationship. There are always, there doesn't matter. 

That's called the level. So that's why I say, I say that this week, I'm going to introduce in this circle, that relationship. Next week, we're going to introduce in the other framework, in the other circles. 

Then we're going to see the big five element circles, say five element circle included. These are two of the unique relationship, but the ones they put together, it's different because just like how to choose somebody be your team, right? The team, how do you choose? So each one of us has own position. When you're at home, you have a position in front of your wife, your husband, you go back to front of your kid, your father, front of your grandkid, your grandfather, look at the position change. 

Do you change? No, you still time code, but in different eyes, a different relationship is a change. Now you have a party. Who's going to in charge? Your wife in charge. 

And then you think, don't think you are in charge, right? So you have to think of this and suddenly team. So you, once you bring her in, that's it. But once you drive, hey, you charge, you holding the wheel, right? See, that's the different. 

You have to think about that. That's called the team. Each one is different. 

So that's why next week we are going to talk about the Xiangke because these are two basic concepts, unless you truly understand, otherwise just vocabulary itself useless, right? So ideally, since Tom bring up this, I want each one of you really do the homework and try to see each element itself, but also see that each elements can be the mother, also can be the child. What's the difference? You know, what is the difference? They are the child. This relationship when can change, when they can be harmony, they can be oneness, they can do together.

I know it's sometimes difficult. You go out shopping with your mother and sometimes they say, wow, that's your sister, right? No, they say, that's my mother. Now you feel guilty.

My goodness, my mother just look like become my sister, right? Sometimes, you know, it's a funny way, but how come, right? You guys have to see this part. How come you go out with your mothers and other people's eyes, you two like a sister. What's the difference? Sisters and a mother and a daughter. 

See how interesting in your position, you know, that's my mother. In other people's position, wow, you two just like a sister. That's huge difference. 

You guys should really choose this concept, right? You want to be good, that's the way to be good. So that's why I say, it's consciousness make this framework so unique and so powerful. So I just want to bring up at this point that Master Liu will be hosting more sessions until the end of June. 

It was in your email and it'll be posted shortly, but the Saturday sessions will continue through to the end of April. And then we are moving to Monday nights. And the reason is so that he can gradually comb through the entire course and be able to really strengthen our foundation so that the application is pure. 

Sergio, good morning. Hello, good morning. Why is it that in one person Yin Yang is not balanced? No, I just, it's a trick.

Hello, dear Master. I'm just curious, what about in this framework, this consciousness framework, what about the father and child relationship? You can tell that it's the same thing. You can tell that the mother become father and the daughter, but the most likely, that's the words what they use. 

That's the words what they use, because the mother can create the baby. The father cannot create the baby. Father only raise the baby. 

You see the difference? That's the one thing different, right? But we say the father can be all in this reality. Yes, we see the single parents. We see that some fathers still raised, but the father only can raise the baby. 

Father cannot create the baby. So that's one thing right? So you have to look at the other angle creation, what it comes for. Okay, thank you. 

Good morning, Heather. Hi, good morning. Thank you, Master Liu, and hi to everybody. 

So my question is, as I'm holding this framework and I'm hearing you talk, it's really helpful, and I'm trying to, I'm wondering if you could speak, and maybe it will come later in the course, about when we're thinking about that mother and child relationship about the young meridians and organs, like when you're using that COVID example, and I'm hearing about the earth supporting the lungs, I'm wondering about stomach and spleen, or I'm wondering about lung and large intestines, sort of, if you could just speak a little bit to both, if this is the time for that conversation about both the meridians in each element, and how they mother-child relationship. I will, yeah, it's a very good question. That means you want to be thinking further now. 

Good, that's a good way to thinking, but I will put it called the how to apply. After basic foundation later on, now we can play. So I'm going to show you how do we play the same concept, right? So suppose we say yes, how to the lung. 

So here, lung issue, right? It's so simple, lung issue. If I chose the mother-child, so how do I, I can put the sickness, you know, the lung issue become mother, and the child can be a kidney, right? Asthma. Asthma is one kind of issue. 

We treat it totally wrong. We think that the asthma is the lung. No, asthma is kidney. 

It's a child. So how do we see that? So if I look at the asthma and the lung and the kidney, the relationship, right? It's the mother's sick, but it's not the mother's sick. It's the mother's suffer for the kids. 

It's the kidney issue. Understand when a child, when the kids has a fever and the mother doesn't sleep overnight, right? And the next day mother get a headache. So when the mother get a headache, when the doctor get it, you think that the painkiller kind of can fix the mother's headache. 

It's a worry until the child, the fever break, right? Then the headache will go down. That's exactly what we talk about. Thank you very much. 

You're welcome. That will go down. So after this basic, when I lay down this all the relationship, now we're going to play this again. 

So I will put the one of the case because we need real see this case. Otherwise I say that this course is not for theory, not for concept. We want, I want each one of you learn this can be applied. 

You see at least you understand. Oh, no wonder, you know, I continue to take this medication doesn't help because you only need, you only look at one angle. You never look at it. 

So you guys for roles already on the medication, you might be able to real see yourself. You treat the lung. It's my real lung issue or it's my kidney issue. 

Oh, it's my digestive system issue. Oh, it's a bowel issue, right? It's a greater way. Put yourself into this framework. 

Then you might see totally different pictures. Thank you very much. Hi, Alexandra.

Hello. Good morning. My question is if there's no liver, let's say there's no liver health issue present. 

How do we know that the mother is really supporting the child? Like is it I'm trying to not conceptualize it too much. So I understand that the mother, the kidney is associated with the mind and intuition. But how do we know that if there's no health issue? How do we know that that support system is really in flow? Is it the communication between the child and the mother or? So that's why I do remember the homework I give you guys at the first class, I give you a chart. 

So each elements, all the ingredients you should know. The first one is the one piece of paper everybody should know in the kidney. So what is the organ related to the kidney? Bones and minds and feelings, the colors, the taste, all of these things. 

Then you'll be able to see if you don't know this kind of ingredients, which is called a puzzle. Now, how can you put it together to see the picture? Right. So right now, yes, the picture, you try to see the picture, but you're missing the puzzle. 

There are so many other areas, layer after layer. So that's why we say that from the visible to invisible. Visible is a condition, it's a sentence. 

Invisible is a chi, it's a consciousness, it's a relationship. So difficult. So try to get the visible part first. 

Then add the invisible part. There's always an issue. Who doesn't have an issue? Who doesn't have a liver issue? And who doesn't have a kidney issue? As of today, who doesn't have? You don't find any healthy people. 

So that's why today is so difficult for the acupuncture school. Try to listen, feel, try to learn how to feel the pulse. Because you never feel the healthy people's pulse. 

Now, how do you know what kind of pulse is healthy? You have to see the healthy first. You have to taste the real good food. You don't taste the real Chinese food. 

Now you think your local Chinese take out Chinese food. No, that's not Chinese food. Is the sign different for every person? The sign of a healthy liver, let's say, is the sign like flexibility and a certain feeling are we looking for? You can be flexibility. 

That's only one potential. There are other things you have to consider the whole, right? That's one angle. It doesn't mean say, hey, my liver test is perfect, and then I'm perfect liver. 

No, depending in whose eyes, depending in what framework, right? I just say that the framework is different, the position is different, the purpose is different, depending that you are at the different framework. Like a framework within a framework. That's right. 

It is. So that's why I call the beauty. That's the beauty of the life, right? That's the beauty of the circle. 

Circle connected to the circle. Life connected to the life. So that's why we say that nothing can be separate. 

There's always a connect, just a connect at the which level. Okay. Thank you. 

So Master Liu, I just want to reframe that question a tiny bit. If you have a medical test and it shows that your liver, your blood work, everything is fine, but you're stuck in an emotion, maybe anger or frustration. Does that mean that the mother, the kidney is not supporting the liver enough? No, that cannot just simply say the mother. 

You only can say if a test of the liver is a perfect number, but still doesn't mean your liver function is better. Because liver function better will perform at many different levels, many different levels and many different ways. So that's why when we go down this course, then we will come out the example to say, how do we see the liver? Yeah. 

Your test can be shown you are good, right? You are good, but you still have a liver issue. So how do we define the liver issue? Anyone today have an eye issue? Does your liver function good? No, none of the guys. The liver can be function good, right? There's so many, I can point out there's so many areas. 

So, you know, look at your nails. It's shining, right? The liver, look at your tendons, right? There's so many areas. It depends on how do we want to see.

Okay, Shannon. Hi, Master Liu. I'm curious about the mother-child relationship with regards to nurturing your actual mother, biological mother, or mother-in-law with your TCM gifts.

Because strangely enough, my mother and my mother-in-law are two of my most profound clients with regards to Qigong and my classes and medical Qigong treatments. And I'm wondering, like, did you ever get the opportunity to treat your mother? And if so, did you feel profound benefits after you treated them? Because if you're working on the meridian level, your treatment of your mother or mother-in-law or whomever is in that mother role, you should then immediately feel the benefits of the child. Is that correct? Like from a meridian level? Maybe, maybe not. 

Only can say maybe, maybe not. Because you still treat. The treatment is natural. 

The mentality what you use for treatment is natural. But the treatment is unnatural. Still is unnatural. 

The Qigong is unnatural and the medical Qigong is unnatural? No, medical Qigong is natural. But the treatment is unnatural. That's Yin and Yang, right? The Qigong is natural. 

The medical Qigong is natural. But to use the medical Qigong for your mother to treatment is unnatural. Why is it unnatural? Because you give it to them. 

You force that. You try to force the Qi. Give it to her. 

It's natural. She just sitting next to you. You hold the hand.

Then the Qi just flow just like a movie. Suck it in. That's natural. 

Treatment without the treatment. Oh. So you want to put this way. 

So therefore even you put effort into that still doesn't mean because it's outside force this Qi into the somebody. And it depends how much she willing to open. And it depends how much you the position. 

Your position is 100% in that position or just need to get it down. Yes, I'm a mother. I have to do that. 

That's my, you know, that's a requirement. That's something my duty. Then you have to do that.

Depend. So that's why I only can say depend. Maybe. 

I cannot say 100%. Oh, she's doing it in her heart to nurture my skills. That's right. 

You go to practice Qigong. You are fulfilling your destiny. Then she proud of your Qi. 

That's a natural. Yeah. Thank you. 

That's a natural treatment without the treatment. I wish we all can get to this high level. Right. 

That's just a many, many, yeah, many years ago. So when my mother has, you know, stroke at that issue, I tried to fix. I tried to do that. 

That's my master tell me exactly. You do natural, but it's still unnatural. That's what I learned and how much I can do.

But I still do the best of what I can, but I only can do the best where I can. So the only one way is that when my mother goes to sleep, I go to practice my Qigong. So I wish I can break this fears in unconsciousness level. 

She would be better because I am part of her life. Thank you so much. Yeah. 

Nancy. Hi, Nancy. Thank you so much. 

I want to go back to Alex's question. It feels to me like she doesn't, let's not make it individual. If you're experiencing something pain and you decide to try this path and follow you, then you look for the place in the framework that's responsible for your joints. 

And then what you do is think about what's the mother of that. And that's where you're going to put your energy. So, but if it's subtle and you don't think you have a liver issue, then these other places in our system is where you would look your nails and that would tell you, but what if, and then, so there's always a visible element that tells you which organ.

No, sometimes it doesn't need to be invisible. There's always something in front of you, you never see. Right, right. 

And the thing you see, then you put it in the framework. That's right. You put, yeah, whatever would you see that you put it into the framework.

So whatever you put that in framework, you should ask yourself, if it's the framework of fulfillment, that is all the puzzles I put in, because the level of the who you are. Okay. Thank you, Nancy. 

Good morning, Natalie. Good morning, everyone. Hi, Master Liu. 

I had a separate, I had a different question, but then after Shannon's question, I wanted to know more because probably like most practitioners, you know, we do treat our family and we do treat our parents. And yes, I would totally agree with Shannon that it could be my most profound patient, my most difficult patient. So I want, if you could expand a little bit on what you just said, um, see if I heard you right, that the, it is unnatural for the child to potentially treat the mother or in my case, the father, um, through a visible treatment, but in an invisible state, I can kind of understand the work that needs to be done upon both individuals. 

But what if the parent doesn't want to give as much as the child or in a way it's, it's all relative, I guess. See, here I go. I'm going to start to spiral. 

So I'll stop. Whatever would you see, go back to the, you know, first class, you know, first module we learned in Yang concept, whatever would you see is Yang, whatever we haven't seen, whatever would you see is based on the, all the things that you haven't seen, right? Contained this concept name. Therefore we make a choice based on the world we see, we jump into fast conclusion. 

That's number one. Number two, when I say, when I say it's unnatural, it doesn't mean the treatment is just means that everything from outside to push, to give it to the patient, just always unnatural. Understand? Because it's outside in, not inside out. 

Based on this concept, no matter what you do, still is unnatural. Just like I give you the other, much easier cancer, right? Scary. Cancer is natural in the human body, human life. 

You get a cancer, it's natural, but to get the treatment, it's unnatural. When I say to get the treatment, to get the treatment and the chemo, that's unnatural. But if a patient themselves are going to eat the dandelions, get this, you know, get some juice, maybe that's a natural because they do this on their own processing. 

Understand the concept? Yes. You have a, for example, you have a, you know, you grow the ones here, the skin, people, oh, that's a skin cancer. Skin cancer on your face is natural. 

To try to buy a disease and to take it off, that's unnatural. You understand the concept? Because it's a body from inside out. So how to create it? That's why most of us, you know, good way. 

So that's why you guys are so good. I believe most of you in the discourse, I have that kind of passion, you know, one or another child. How can I really understand this cancer? You want to be paid back. 

You want to create a harmony. Remember, answer lies within. You have consistent, you is a part of creation to your parents. 

It doesn't matter your mother, your father, you still have a 50% of the end, 50% of the herb. So therefore you are the other part of themselves. So that's why sometimes when they look at you, what do they see? They see themselves.

You don't have to do much. Sometimes you don't need to do much. Sometimes it's just a hold the pain. 

Better than the needles. Because the whole, the pain is a natural, right? Compare the needle is unnatural, right? You got it? Yes. Because the hang hold is a biological natural. 

So the natural itself is a much higher level because we cannot perform the natural healing. We perform the unnatural of the natural healing. And then we're proud of ourselves.

Ooh, I give you a natural acupuncture and a massage. We forget that I just touch. Nice kiss. 

And the cook the dinner, right? Because we say invisible is better than the visible. Invisible is more powerful than the young, right? If that's the theory, we are following this kind of Daoist concept. Why not? We apply. 

So that's why when I see patients, most of the time it's talk. After talk is done, then I say the main course is already finished. Then they say, where's my needles? Yeah. 

Needle. Oh, I tell my patient, I give you a needle that's a deserves main treatment already done. Main treatment is done. 

Then just to make it, they feel they got something, right? So I can put the one needle. They are not satisfied. They say, I go to other acupuncturists and they put all the over. 

I say that, let me put them all, right? Because how can you think, right? How many times I tell my master, put more needles. Because they don't believe that you only need the one needle. The other needle is for mine.

Thank you. Thank you. Okay. 

Hi, Vicky. Good morning. Well, good morning. 

Thank you. I want to make sure I understood this. You said oneness. 

Consider the whole yin yang cannot be separated. You said Xiang Sheng will lead to Xiang Ke. So what I'm hearing is oneness also always has yin and yang. 

So oneness actually also is duality. Is that true? Oneness is another duality. Oneness is just a oneness. 

Okay. Duality is you separate that from the oneness out and then turn it to the yin and the yang. Oneness contain the yin and the yang.

Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 

Joanna, good morning. Good morning, everybody. Good morning, Master Liu.

I've been wondering or thinking about how all this connects to my Qigong practice. I've heard you say several times, we can't fully understand this with our mind, but we have to understand it with our heart. And so I think that's where the Qigong comes in, maybe meditation, trying to be still.

I wonder if you have any advice on that, or is it just a matter of continue to do my Qigong practice that I'm doing? If you want to discover deeply, or you say discover true, you will need the qi. Because the bottom line is the qi. Each element is elements. 

Qi is not an element. It is self. Then the qi is invisible. 

Qi is invisible. Elements are visible. Fire is visible. 

Water is visible. Right? Earth is visible. Yeah. 

Earth I can make the cup is visible. Water I can drink is visible. But the qi of the water, the qi of the earth, that's invisible.

But to understand invisible exists, you must have a true personal experience. When I say this experience, it means experience without the mind. Without the mind. 

If you use mind to experience the qi, just like so many Qigongs, feel the qi from the down, up, down, and warm. That's mind manipulate the qi. Some people doing this feel the hands warm and that is mind involved.

My question is, without the mind, does your qi can make a body have that kind of feeling? If you can have that experience without the mind and the qi can do something and can show you something, then you can jump from the concept of the qi become experience of the qi. The real qi. Just like we cannot just read the poetry and watch the love movie and think love exists, unless you are truly falling in love. 

Then you say, wow, love is real. Then why after this, and some people get the divorce still want it because they don't satisfy. They want more.

Right? You have to experience something is real beyond the mind. Then you will understand, oh, it's real because the qi is real. Each element's qi is real. 

You just haven't seen it. Then the next level, which is what we do in the real practice, next level, the real qi must have to take a student to experience how to communicate with elements, with the trees, the qi. Now, how can you differentiate that? This tree, pine tree, and the oak, what's the difference? You suppose it should be feel the difference. 

If the qi is real, but unless you be real, you cannot use the mind. Mind can differentiate that. That's still not the qi level. 

That's without the mind. So the first level of the qi is try to discover the qi is real. You have to reach this level to say qi is real without the mind. 

Otherwise, inside all this is real. All the Chinese medicine talk about the qi, ya, qi, liver qi is real. It's not real because you haven't experienced. 

You just follow the theories, follow the book. The deeper down, you're still not a hundred percent. You need a hundred percent. 

That's it. No matter what, no matter what you change, the qi still is real. Would something like, you know, having certain dreams, would that be an example of starting to, let's say, get messages about that? The dream just to give you a message. 

You still have to use the message, right? Dream just like someone wire the money to your account. You have to spend it. Otherwise, just see the account, see your account. 

You only look at the number. You haven't used the money. You have to take the money, get a nice vacation. 

Then you see something different. Then you feel good and come back. Ooh, that vacation is good. 

Otherwise, the money just sit in the bank. All you see is number change. Okay, thank you. 

Last question of the morning, Edna. Yes, I'm interested in the child never can go be the mother because the child will be the mother of another organ. So, it will become as good, the child will become as good as the mother when it becomes the mother of another child. 

So, how does that work in terms of, you said something about like liver and heart only coming oneness when the mother give everything and become balanced, but then everything has to be balanced because there cannot be two organs. I mean, everything oneness, but all the organs have to be, there cannot be two organs in that relationship when there's another one that doesn't reach that level. Like, I'm a mother and I have become a better daughter because I understand now my mother in a way that I didn't when I didn't have a child. 

So, good. The child becomes as good as the mother because it's a mother to another organ. You know what I'm asking? No, I know what you're asking for. 

You don't be too, you know, you put the one of the, you put the concept too literally as the personal as the mother and the child, right? The mother and the child, they just give you a one concept to understand this kind of relationship. So, when I say this, child never can become the mother because the child only can be profound then. That relationship cannot change. 

Look at how successful can you say, I'm replace my mother. You cannot replace your mother. You only can be more profound your life. 

See, discover who you are and the more areas your potential, your capability, you can be more profound. That's what I say, right? The child only just liver can be more profound of the liver itself, experience all the possibility, but the liver can never become the kidney because the liver can never become the kidney, which is the liver never can be the organ to inherit the wisdom and store it into the liver. Doesn't do that. 

Yeah, I get it. Understand that cannot have changed this natural law because once you are positioned into this Xiangsheng framework, that relationship cannot change. That's your agreement. 

Understand that's called the natural agreement. You agree. You are in this relationship with the framework. 

Understand that you have to look at this concept. It's in this framework. It's a mother-child framework, Xiangsheng framework. 

You never can change. You only can be profound of who you are. You cannot go beyond, go change the position, ideas. 

You change your position. You cannot change. You only can be profound of who you are.

Understand that you cannot say, oh, I'm so good. And now I be the fire. You cannot. 

You cannot say I'm so good that now I'm the heart. No, the liver only can be the liver. I get it. 

Thank you. All right. So do you have any homework for us? I think the homework is that you guys have to use this concept and look at yourself and maybe look at the leather bed of your outside mother-child, whatever this kind of relationship, truly understand and maybe use a condition, use it this way. 

Dive deep, right? Not a superficial level. And otherwise, you're not going to use this wisely. Okay. 

It's simple. So that's why I give you all, you guys, children chewed deep. Dive, right? Dive in. 

Real processing. All right. Well, we covered so much today. 

Qi, qigong, consciousness, mother-child gives us a lot more to chew on. But I think folks just know that the more you study this, the more you experience it, the more trust and faith you'll have in the framework, and then you apply it more deeply in your life. So thank you, Master Liu. 

Thank you, everybody. So do the homework. See you guys. 

Thank you, Master Liu. Okay. Bye. 

Thank you so much. Have a great day. Thank you so much. 

Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye. Have a good weekend. 

Thank you all. Bye. Very enlightening.

Thank you. Bye. Great. 

Thank you.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 5th Call 3.29.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 6th Call 4.05.25.txt ----
So today, last week was Shang Chen, and this week we're gonna talk about Shang Ke. And I have a question before you begin. I was thinking about all the different relationships and Angela and Jenny and I were just talking about that.

If all relationships and everything we think, everything we do is in a pattern, right? We have a pattern of thinking, a pattern of acting. When we look at the five elements and we start creating the relationships that you're gonna talk about today, typically we're using five elements to see health, to see balance, but we also can look at using the Shang Ke relationship to see how we ourself analyze our own life, how we take action, how we see an event. Is that true? Yes, so that's all is a pattern.

The pattern means the pattern can be main, which is we human discover or create the pattern. All is a pattern of the natural pattern. So the pattern itself is different.

Like a 2025, the new car, you see that the new Toyota, new different kind of car, there's a pattern, they create one kind of pattern. There's a main creator, but the main cannot create the season. The main cannot create the moon pattern.

So no matter how many times you create a pattern, the moon still based on their own pattern and show you once a month and the full moon gonna to come. Some months have twice a full moon, some months and once a full moon. That's the pattern, that's called the natural pattern, never change, right? So we use the pattern as the mirror or use the pattern as the diamond, the mirror, right? We saw, we think that the mirror, what is the mirror? Mirror, mirror on the wall, right? On the wall.

So who look into the mirror? The inside the mirror and outside the mirror is the same or is it different? It's a mirror. So then therefore, when we use the, for example, we go back to the full moon again, the full moon, the night of the full moon. So the full moon shining down to the water.

Now you see the moon in the water. For the monkey, when you look at the water, oh yeah, I can grab in the moon. That's right, the monkey will be continued and the created pattern, we think the monkey will think the moon is in the water because yes, the mirror, the monkey will go to the water and try to scoop the moon.

But the man might look up, but how many people at the full moon will you look up to see the moon? You don't. You don't look up. You never care the full moon exist or not exist.

But the full moon doesn't care. That's their pattern. That's their destiny.

Doesn't matter you are man, you like or not because the moon exists. It's not just for human, for man only. We just discovered that, wow, that's very important, right? The woman just discovered, oh, my menstrual cycle is based on the full moon.

It's not based on my hormone level. It's based on the moon. If a moon doesn't come, my period cannot come.

My blood flow is based on the moon. It depends on the pattern. How do you want to see the pattern? How do you want to use the pattern, right? So that's why the wise man, whatever called the ancient masters, discovered that we cannot follow the man create the pattern.

We must be follow the nature's pattern. So that's why this course of purpose is introducing the one of the natural pattern. Remember, the natural pattern is the five elements pattern.

But these five elements pattern, the spirit or the key or secret behind this pattern is invisible part. It's not a visible part. So therefore, the visible part is in our three dimensional reality.

We can see, right? The fireman use water to control the fire. Why call the fireman? Not call water man. Because they use water.

They didn't use the fire to control the fire. They use water to control the fire, right? Why we not call the water man? Primer. They should be the primer and the water man, right? So we don't look at that.

We look at the man's means. Yes, the metal control the wood. I have a knife.

I can cut off the wood. That's what we think. Yeah, three dimensional reality 100% make sense, right? Metal cut off the wood.

So that's why you say metal control the wood. So the wood you say, okay, now look at the tree. The root go down to the ground and the change of the dirt and then the wood control the dirt.

Yeah, we see the dirt, earth. You build the dams to stop the water control. Yes, every time the water come, we use the same bag.

We use all of this dirt bag to try to stop the water. Yes, it makes sense. Absolutely at the three dimensional level.

Three dimensional level. So therefore for thousands of years, we are built up the consciousness mind. Remember consciousness mind control.

So that's why you see the English translation of the Xiang Ke directly say control. Why we need to control? Remember at the beginning, we say everything's cheap. All the cheap has a consciousness and all the consciousness has a purpose, right? Everything.

I mean, therefore, when we say control, what's the purpose of the control? Each one of you, please, I give you one minute. Think about that. What's the purpose of the control? When you think about the control, what's in your mind now? Control.

Why you need a control purpose? Why you need a control? Because in the society we be taught, we be educated something might get wrong if you are not control. So the control is based on the not trust. Doesn't have a faith of the natural law.

Doesn't have a faith everything is God's will. Even you say, I'm spiritual person. I believe in God.

I say, do you believe everything is God's will? You don't. You don't. You believe in control.

So that's why the word's translation would be immediately Xiang Ke will be the control. So therefore, highly recommend you guys, you should study the Chinese Xiang Ke instead English control. It's a totally different meanings.

Because the Chinese, this language is a picture language. It's a picture language. English is not a picture language.

So the every word has a picture. So what do we say? We say one picture is better than thousands of words. So the Ke itself is the picture.

So also we say everything exists. It's a fulfillment of God's will. Everything exists.

It's a fulfillment natural law. Otherwise they never can be exist in this three dimensional reality. Because purpose, right? We go back to the, again.

So when we study the Qi, Qi has a consciousness. And we say everything has a Qi. Nature's Qi, man's Qi, right? The Qi, everything has a Qi.

The Qi has a consciousness. And the consciousness is purpose. So therefore we create the language.

Every culture created their own language. What is the language? Then the language become Qi. The language contain the Qi.

Language contain the consciousness. So the Xiang Ke, this concept exists in Chinese culture for thousands of years. So therefore this Xiang Ke, the concept of the consciousness exists, created their own Qi.

Now you suddenly translate this Xiang Ke become English control. Does it make sense? Yes, they make sense. They only make sense one angle.

You have two hands. You cannot say left hand is my hand. Right hand is not my hand.

Because I'm left hand. The both is your hand, right? Even in your one hand, you don't say inside is my hand. Outside is not my hand.

You still, it's your hand. Include outside hand and inside hand. Did you complain to your mother? Why you give me the hand inside the color and outside the color different? Maybe someone can tell you, oh, because you're outside under the sun.

So therefore they change the color. Yes, make sense. But if someone never under the sun, can they do the same thing? No, still will be different.

Because what? It's natural law. It's a pattern. We go back to the concept of the Xiang Ke again.

Last week, we talked about the five element framework. Pull out the five element framework first. Last week, we talked about the five element framework.

So the five element framework, we talk about the outside the circle. So we follow this circle. Why we use the circle? Because we say, we try use Daoist concept to understand this natural framework.

We try to from the Daoist concept. In the Dao, one of the unique concept of the Dao is everything is a circle. Why? As the Zhuangzi says, idea is a circle, no beginning, no end.

Why no beginning, no end? Because they always connect, continues. That's Daoist concept. So the circle become so unique concept in everywhere from the nature to the unnatural, to our life, to our body.

Every pieces you see, you never see the body has angle. There's always circle. Life is a circle, day after days, right? I think the best circle concept in Western use is the 7-11.

They come out a good name, 7-11. That's why it's a circle, right? Never stop, 7-11. Come on, I'm shopping in 7-11.

Why? It always says something there, 7-11. It's a circle. So therefore, when we use a circle, we use outside the circle.

That's the pattern. In this pattern, when each element fell into this circle, now listen carefully, it's a pattern. This pattern is a circle pattern.

In this circle pattern, five elements, outside the pattern, circle, then each element fulfilled their own destiny. Each element changes their position. So therefore, in the outside of this circle, the wood will be the presenter.

Wood itself is the mother of the fire. Then also water will present herself. I am the child of the water.

You see? So each element will represent their own pattern, own position. They cannot change. They only can change compared to who.

But in that position, outside the circle, it's called the Xiangsheng circle. In this generation, in this circle, each element represents the mutual pressure. That's called the Xiangsheng.

In translated to English, maybe, right? Maybe more profound like creation. Something can be created out of support created. But if we follow inside that line, we still start with the wood element.

So the wood goes to the earth. Earth goes to the water. Water goes to the fire.

Fire goes to the metal. Metal go back to the wood. What's happening? They complete entire circle.

Now they are not a straight line anymore. They are circle. Show me the circle.

Now you can see. Now circle. Now, right? That's the circle.

Last week, we have in the other circle. Can you put the both circles side by side, please? That's a challenge, right? That's right. You cannot do side by side.

Okay. Now we do the Xiangsheng, right? So we ignore the inside the circle. We think they are disappeared.

They are not exist. We just doesn't want to see, right? I don't want to see the bad. I only want to see the good.

So therefore, I am the mother. I am control the situation. I control my kid.

Eat, sleep, shut up, go to the bathroom, right? Control. But unfortunately, it doesn't go that way, right? So therefore, outside the circle is called the Xiangsheng, right? So we're still missing the line on top of the E. So you need to add the one line. Because these two words is a straight pronunciation.

Please, guys, you really want, I say that before. Every words has a pronunciation. The vocabulary is a pronunciation.

The pronunciation is the sound. It's the sound meaning is the chi. It's a frequency.

Sound is a frequency. Why certain culture has a certain sounds? And in the other culture, difficult come up because of their meridians. Because of the meridians.

The meridians, the running differently and the sound coming through the flow. Difficult. And the same culture, same sounds.

And represent the certain consciousness. So you really want to know something so powerful things is the sound. All right.

So that's why some people can even use the sound maker for living, right? Sound, sound therapies. Wow, how exciting it is. Anyway, that's not what we're talking about.

We just talk about the outside the circle, mother, child. But this time, we say inside the dots. Now we put inside the dots.

Also as the circle. Now will be different kind of pattern, different framework. Same element, same element with a different framework.

Thinking this way. Think I want everybody don't jump too fast. You are who you are.

When you go home alone, you are alone. You just say, that's my house. When you find out your husband, you find out your wife.

What is a different relationship? Either you tend to yourself as husband, to yourself as wife or to yourself as a partner. Whatever you call relationship change, right? The pattern. When you go back to the office, maybe you are a CEO, CFO.

Maybe you are just a worker. Maybe you are just accounting, lawyer, whatever. Position change.

But you still you, right? You still you. But outside pattern change, then job change, purpose change. So Xiangke is the same element put into this circle.

Now it is a circle, right? We're still in this circle. They started with the wood again. Wood.

Now the wood goes to the earth. So the earth and the fire replaced. Now this relationship, this circle relationship represent them as the Xiangke.

Xiangke is one of the most, the most unique circle. Which means, which means in practical way in our clinic. Because we study this, we want to use.

In use, how to use? The Chinese have been using this for thousands of years. Xiangke, Xiangke, Xiangke. So all of this Xiangke means I'm controlling you.

I'm with you is mutual control. Which is always, they use this concept. Xiangke.

Ideas. Yeah. Wife.

Wife, Xiangke. Husband. Husband, Xiangke.

Which is these two people together always try to control each other. It's not control each other. English will be too difficult.

Too difficult to say that these ideas. If you're always angry, put it this way. You're friend of this person.

He or she can make you calm down. You become very melted. Yes.

All the anger. Every time you see her face, see his face. No matter how angry you are, you disappear.

That means him or her is your Xiangke. Has that kind of energy. Can calm you down.

Can, can profound you. Can make you become mellow. Right? The ke become this concept.

Because this concept is very important. Right? Important. The thousands years the concept of the ke.

Now we go back to this concept. The Xiangke the concept hasn't been used for thousands years. Hasn't been used for thousands years.

Never, never have a chance real go beyond. Because in situation we never have a chance. Go beyond to see the other faces.

The other levels of the Xiangke. The other levels of the control. We'll go back to that.

I still use the English of the control. This concept. Right? Retained what they call the control.

I mean retained. Right? Control something. So we say control purpose is based on something might go wrong.

Protect. Worry about something. And afraid about something.

So therefore I need real step in to control. Then often the control concept is always controlled effort. Right? Control outcome.

Never control the cost. There's always a cost. Control the effect.

So firemen. Have you seen the firemen nothing to do? Just driving the car and give the every house at the water. No.

Right? So only when the house has a fire. Then you see the firemen come. You know.

Spill the water to you. Then they have a fire. It exists.

Then the firemen can come. Right? Firemen can come. Something has to be used.

Otherwise you're not used. You just put it there. Hasn't used for effect.

And no one. No one will use this kind of control concept. Try to control the cost.

Can you imagine you understand this concept? How can I control the cost? Instead of control the effect. I think that's the most interesting concept for us. Because we want to use today for concept.

This concept hasn't been used all the time. Every disease as of today. We talk about the health.

In clinic. Everything what we see is always a control. Over control.

Either over control or under control. It's like we saw me. We saw me.

Right? We saw me. The element which is the liver. And the gallbladder can control the stomach.

But in the clinic. Have you seen it? No. You don't see these things.

All of today's disease or illness is over control. Or under control. For example.

Eszerifera. Eszerifera is liver. Which is the wood.

Over control. Has nothing to do with earth. It's over control.

So that's why you get Eszerifera. Right? Then the other things. TMJ.

Over control. Right? Your liver. Over control.

Your stomach. And the night time. So that's why you continue to chew it.

You cannot do that. Over control. There's so many things.

Supposedly. Right? Supposedly we think. Okay.

The fire. Suppose. Right? The fire.

The heart. Should control the lung. Right? Should make the lung more beautiful.

Have you seen it? No. None of them. You don't see.

Your most people. Your skin is dry. Over control.

Over control. In the clinic. We most symptoms.

As today. Out of balance. Because the life out of balance.

Emotional out of balance. So therefore. This natural processing.

Always out of balance. So the control. Always.

Most likely. It's over. And definitely has under.

Sometimes it's under control. Sometimes over control. I give you an example.

For example. Hyperpressure. The hyperpressure can be both.

Either over control. You can get hyperpressure. Or under control.

Also can get hyperpressure. Real dependent. When.

Where. How. What.

Then therefore. This concept. Control concept.

Is so easy. To use. And so easy.

To say. To say. So.

Every area. I will say that. Most.

Most common. Certain. The most common illness.

Disease. You. When you.

Goes to your. You know. Your doctors.

They always. You eat. They used.

Method. Is a control. How can I control.

Control the symptoms. Control that. Right.

Control the virus. Control the infections. Control.

Control. Control. Control.

One systems. To continue control. Now you see.

This circle. What's happening. The circle will be.

Continuous right. Because we say. It's in a circle.

Everything is a connect. So you control. With the control.

Control the other. So you. Also.

Control. We will tend to the circle. Then in the back.

You over control. Okay. You will control.

Instead. You are thinking. Oh.

How can I use. This concept. Not.

Just going to. Control. The outcome.

Control. The effect. And try.

To control. The cost. Now.

What is the cost. Many of you. If you listen.

To the chi. Listen to the consciousness. May always.

Name. I think. You should understand.

The cost. Always. At the chi level.

The cost. Always. At the.

Consciousness level. Without a truly. Understand.

This concept. Everything. Would you do as well.

You treat the sentence. So that's why you see. Why.

There's so many conditions. Never can be fixed. Because you are control.

How can you control. Right. Because the root cost.

Still hitting. Still behind. Look at that today.

How many people. Take a. Take a. Comment. Try to.

You know. Try to. What do you call the thing.

That you are. Blah. Afraid that you get.

You get a stroke. Again. Anytime.

Any people. Get a stroke. And they.

Take a comment. What. The thing.

What do you control. You control. The outcome.

Of the blood. Like who make blood. Which organ.

Blood. Make it a blood. Why you are making the blood.

Will be easier. Get a. Clock. See.

The whole. So. Many.

Questions. We ignore it. We don't want to know.

So this. The framework. Will make you.

Real thinking. What do you want to know. That's the first level.

After this. Control. Which is the circle.

Called the Xiang Ke. Concept. Now the second concept.

Right. Second concept. Let me do that one thing.

Second concept. It's good. Second concept.

For the Xiang Ke. The purpose of the Xiang Ke. The purpose.

Is to try to create a balance. We say. Five element.

Excuse me. Five element. Framework.

Is a. Naturalist framework. It's not a. Mainstay framework. But in the nature.

Is a framework. They are contained in oneness. They are contained in balance.

It's a natural law. So therefore. These natural law.

Contain the wisdom. So when they can. Performing.

This Xiang Ke concept. Is not. Just for this level.

The level. Or purpose. Of this Xiang Ke.

Is helping you. Eventually. To reach the level.

Of the balance. Because the body. Need to reach the balance.

In order healing. Self healing. Can start.

The entire Chinese medicine. The one of the beauty. Is to say.

The body. Inherited the wisdom. Can heal itself.

Right. We all heard. Our body can heal itself.

What is the requirement. The basic. First line.

Requirement. It's not a control. It's not a control.

The disease. It's not a control. The illness.

It's not a control. The problem. Is how to.

Create. The balance. Because once.

You can create the balance. And the body knows. How to heal itself.

Because once. We can. We reach.

The first level. Of the balance. May look at each organ.

You are. In this framework. In the first framework.

Is the Xiang Shen. And the mother child. Relationship.

They will unconditionally. Get support. Now.

You will go to the Xiang Ke. Framework. They will automatically.

Support. Now. Let me change the English.

Instead of saying Xiang Ke. Control. We should change the English.

Become support. Because the purpose. Is different.

Right. We say that the beginning. Be careful.

What you will. Use. Chose.

The vocabulary. Because the vocabulary. It is self.

The words. It is self. Contained.

Consciousness. So that's why. At the beginning was.

I say that. I want everyone. Think about the.

Controlled concept. But the support. And the control.

What's the difference. You guys should. Practice English.

And see the consciousness. Behind these two words. What's the difference.

The purpose. We go back to the game. The purpose.

Of this Xiang Ke. Is to reach to the balance. That's the purpose.

And therefore. And therefore. Each organ.

Each element. It is self. Inherited wisdom.

Inherited wisdom. And born to the. Responsibility.

To help. Any other organs. Must.

Reach. Balance. Must.

Reach balance. Must reach the balance. Then the body.

Can perform it. Body can perform. Self healing.

Repair. Right. You look at this whole concept.

Name therefore. Now therefore. I go back to the wood again.

The wood. With the earth. Liver.

With the stomach. Entire relationship will change. Entire relationship.

You wouldn't think. Okay. I'm having.

Or I eat this. Then I cause my acid reflux. Or I eat that sweet things.

My stomach grow up. Because that's the liver's. Responsibility.

To help. Stomach. This organ.

Your digestive system. Your metabolic function. In which highest level.

Then therefore. You can absorb. The nutrients.

Or energies. Or consciousness. From the food.

What you put into your body. That's the concept. That's the next level.

Of the Xiangke. So first the level. Is everybody think about it.

Superficial level. How do I control? That's right. Control the sentence.

But you know. Control never can reach the second level. Because who want to be controlled.

We all be the kids before. Do you want to be controlled by your parents? Do you want to be controlled. By your brother or sisters? Do you want to be controlled by your teachers? None of the people want to be controlled.

We all want to have a freedom. The deep down. No one want to be controlled.

Everyone. Everyone want to have a freedom. So the control concept.

Never can reach. The level of the balance. And harmony.

Because. Is at the consciousness level. Against natural law.

That is the one. If a doctor. If a practitioner.

If a life. Use this first level. Of the concept.

And super level of this. Visualize the control. You always make a mistake.

Because it's against natural law. Now. That is the second one.

Second level. We say the control. The concept.

What is the support. Right. It's the responsibility.

Right. It's the. They're called inherited responsibility.

They must. They must. Each element must.

To support. In the other organs. To reach.

The highest level. That's the responsibility. Because these two.

Must work together. In order to create a balance. Number three.

Right. The third. The third.

The character. Of this Xiangke. Remember at the Xiangsheng.

The character we say. The mother and the child relationship. Never can be broke.

The child always a child. Mother always a mother. These two.

Never can change. But the mother. Facing to.

Their mother. Next to. Is the mother.

And the child. But facing to their children. They are the mother.

So this relationship. Never can change. They have to main.

Contain that. In that framework. However.

In the Xiangke. Framework. Has a different kind of rule.

The rule. Will give you a. Has more. Flexibilities.

You can do some. So that's why I say. The most beautiful.

Most beautiful. Is the Xiangke. The Xiangke.

Has to go. Can go beyond. So when these two.

That mother control. Become. Compatible.

Become transformation. At the beginning. There's support.

Right. Support is the duty. The liver must be.

Support the stomach. Stomach must be. Support the kidney.

Each one's support. That's the first level. Support.

But if a support. Getting better. Something can go beyond.

They turn to the transformation. Turn to the. Oneness.

Then. Earth. Can go beyond.

Then the earth. Can combining. The wood.

Then the wood. And the earth. Can not be separate.

They become. Oneness. Yin and yang.

Can not be separate. That's at the beginning. When we talk about the yin yang concept.

Which is at that time. What you see. Is the circle.

Never can be separate. No matter what you cut. Through the center.

They are always together. So this level. Is the most.

How to call it. The most exciting level. Right.

The many good doctors. Does always try to reach this level. How can I create.

The possibility. To allow patients. To experience.

This transformation. This compatible. Right.

I change the English. You are compatible. You know.

You guys understand compatible. Right. They say this husband wife.

Oh these two people. Is compatible. The couple very compatible.

Right. That means look like the same thing. But transformation.

Is the difference concept. Right. So that means.

You are not just you. But you are different. Earth is not just Earth.

Digestive system. Is not just a digestive system. Digestive system.

Become. Become fearless. Think of it.

Does anyone eat. As of today. Most of the people.

A lot of people. Eating is based on the fear. Oh I cannot eat this.

Because I'm allergic to this. I'm allergic to this. I'm a gluten food.

You know. I'm allergic to gluten. I'm allergic to the vitamins.

They're allergic to something. So the eating is become fear. When we talk about the element.

It itself. We say the wood element. The one of the spirit.

Or one of the character. Of the wood is what. Fearness.

Fearness. Right. You see the tree grow.

Never afraid of wood. Never afraid it might be die. If I grow too fast.

I'm too high. You know. When the heavy wind come.

I might die. Does the tree grow. We afraid one day.

Wildfire come. I might be burn up. No.

They will catch every possibilities. And fully grow themselves. Every branch will stretch out.

To reach the sun. Right. To reach the wind.

They are not afraid. So the fearness. Is the concept.

So that's why when I tell the people. Say hey look at the dandelions. Right.

How simple this concept. That why you eat the dandelion. Because the dandelion contain the fearness.

The tree fearness. If people understand. But dandelion fearness.

Not the people understand. Dandelion fearness. Somehow.

Is a better name. The tree. Fearness.

Because we know. How many people want to kill the dandelion. Right.

How many you come from. Home Depot. Lowes.

The garden center. Everywhere. The farm.

They have to come. A kind of factory. And create a many different machines.

Try to kill the dandelions. I'm comfortable. So therefore.

Dandelion contain the fearness. Now. When the wood.

With herbs. When the liver. And the stomach.

These two organs. Can. Become transformation.

Can become beyond. The miracle happens. The miracle happens.

That is the third. Name number four. Number four.

In order to create this. The wood. We say the wood.

With the earth. Compatible. I want the earth.

I want to digest. If I say the liver one. The stomach can experience transformation.

But the liver must. Get the balance first. If a liver doesn't have this experience.

Of the transformation. Then therefore cannot support. Cannot help.

Stomach to experience. This transformation. Understand now? So that's why.

You have to see. Name each organs. Themself.

The balance. The harmony. The transformation.

It's a very important. So that's why we often heard people say. You want to help others.

Help yourself. You want to support others. Support yourself.

So that each organ. Or called each element. It is self.

Contained. You need. Two sides.

In and out. Now we bring the different concept. Into this concept now.

We say that we learned this yin yang concept. So if we say control is yang. Then.

Generation. You know. Generation.

Is yin. The mother child relationship is yin. Then.

Control relationship. Xiangsheng is yin. Xiangke would be the yang.

Follow me this one. Here is a little bit tough concept. So that means.

Each element contain the two sides. They can be the mother. They also can control.

They have two sides. Right? You see the wood. Wood can come out to the fire.

If wood go to the fire. Name is what? It's a Xiangsheng. If wood goes to.

The earth. It's a Xiangke. That means wood has a capability.

To show two sides. Two faces. At the same time.

And the yin and yang. Is a balance. So that each element itself.

Contain the two sides. Xiangsheng is the yin. And the Xiangke would be the yang.

There's always two sides. So therefore. There's each element.

Has a capability. Yin and yang. You cannot say.

I give out the more. If you can give out the more. As the mother and the child.

Then you should be able. To control the more. It's a control.

Or support. Now think of this. Pull out the five element.

Framework first. For example. We still use the wood first.

So if a wood goes to the fire. It's a Xiangsheng. Mutual creation.

Right? Mother and the child. So then the fire is a child. So when the fire getting bigger.

And the child grow up. Turn to the mother again. Now goes to the earth.

The fire and the earth. Is a mother and a child. Now if you look at it.

So what is the relationship? You look back for the wood tribe. To the earth. What is? It's a grandma now right? You upgrade.

So does grandma control the grandkids? Sometimes you see a lot of time. Grandma want to control. They think that's my kid.

No that's not your kid. Legally. He's not your kid.

It's your grandkid. Legally. Come on.

You study this five element. Framework. Will definitely gonna to help you.

Understand this relationship. I definitely believe someone. You all have these issues.

Why my daughter doesn't allow me. See my grandkid. It's not your kid.

It's your grandkid. Understand? So the grandma become this time is what? It's a support your babysitter. You just get a support.

Right? Big wish. It's a different. It's a different relationship.

So the soul you need. You see that's always support. Support.

Right? Maybe once you do this one. You see if a two generation. There's always one supporter.

Two generation. There's only one support. You see that? How interesting.

Once these three together. Then create the other circle. Which is we're going to live this one.

For the next class. Right? So this class. Will make your real thinking.

Is Xiang Ke. The character. Right? The character.

The unique character. How this happens. Because this Xiang Ke concept.

In the clinic. Always happens. Always.

Everywhere. You see this either over. Or under.

It's always. Right? In the most situation. Why? Life.

One is the life cost. Second is the concept. Concept.

We are not going to. The root cause issue. We always try to deal.

The effect. Every step. Every step.

Or every method. Or technique. Or even medicine.

Or even herb. Don't think the herb is doing. You know.

People doing herb. Is they are natural. Right? They use natural.

For unnatural purpose. Violently. Use natural to the unnatural.

Always try to. Control. Or stop.

Effect. Instead of trying to find the cost. So.

I would like each one of you. Right? That's the homework. Use this concept.

To look back to yourself. It's the same thing. Condition.

Your physical condition. Your mental condition. Right? Maybe even your life.

How many times you want to control? I think most of you. How to drive. You know how to drive your car.

The wheel. Right? You're holding that. You don't hold it.

Right? Do you real control? If it drives smoothly. You just almost. You just touch it.

You never hold tight. You never want to hold control. Right? You have control.

You cannot drive. You have to cooperate. You have to know.

How to. Smoothly. And then you can drive.

Anyone ride a horse. You know. Can you real control that? You can.

If you control too high. Horse doesn't run. Right? Everything in the real life.

You have to see this part. Right? In swimming. Do you real control? You when you're in the water.

Do you control? You don't control. Can you control the water? Can you control yourself? No. You have to work with the water.

Then you become the water. So all that this concept. My opinion.

So we will help us to understand. Our concept of this called the main. Has a power.

Has knowledge. We can control the circulation. We can control the environment.

Global warming. We try to control the global warming. Do you think we can control? We think that the earth is too much heat.

And we can do something. The earth is only one tiny planet. In our solar system.

Even earth want to be destroyed by itself. Mercury. Other planets.

Sun and the moon. Wouldn't agree. They wouldn't allow these things to happen.

Do you think we can do that? Right? So somehow. These five element framework. Will make us really think who we are.

What are we doing? Right? If that element. That pattern. That framework.

It's a natural framework. Can be applied for everywhere. Also apply in our body.

Then therefore. When our body function. It's based on the what? It's based on the outside of this framework.

It's not based on what we think. We chose the best food. We do this.

Because each element itself. Each organ itself. Fulfilled their own destiny.

Their own wisdoms. So that's why we call the chi. Consciousness.

And purpose. That's enough for this class. So I can open up for questions.

Okay. Go ahead Erla. Good morning.

So this is really great. Thank you. And.

I guess what I want to say first is. What I feel like I've learned from today. Is that.

Last week's relationship. The mother child is. Is actually more profound.

And I will. And I'm surprised about that. I wasn't expecting that.

Because what I learned today is. That the this relationship. That Xiangke is is young.

I was surprised about that. I thought that was going to be the in. So I understand that we can get.

Like parts of you know. The characteristic from the support organ. In today's relationship right.

But last week was more profound. Because last week. It's the most important thing is.

You become who you are. Which I feel at the end of today. Is the most important thing.

Okay so. Today's talk is all about. Like getting to excitement.

Which is harmony. Transformation and harmony. So that's really exciting.

And I feel like once you can get. Once you get to the start of transformation. Wow.

It's all really fast and exciting. But before that. You have to get to balance.

Which you talk about today right. You have to get to the balance part. And that seems like that image.

Is just kind of hard stuck. How do you get balance? That's my question. It's like how do you.

How do you define balance? Before you get to the excitement. That's why most of the people never see. The other part of the capability right.

So that's why the Xiang Ke. This relationship. This framework.

Not many people can experience. Can use in the highest level. Right so you only can use.

For superficial level control. In the super you know. Because contained.

Contained situation. By our limited understanding. Limited understanding.

The outcome of the situation right. Right it's like how. Everything what you do.

Is try to contain the outcome. Of the situation. Because the source.

The cause the situation. Is always at the consciousness level. Invisible level.

Unless you can go beyond this level. Everything what you do. It's still superficial.

Doesn't matter you use the needle. You use the herb. You can say that I'm treating root cause.

You never treat the root cause. You still treat the sentence. So the beauty this week.

Learn the Xiang Ke. The beauty of the Xiang Ke. Is something.

The two can go beyond. Can two can become oneness. Two totally upset.

Is Xiang Ke. At the beginning is Xiang Ke. Xiang Ke meaning is two totally upset.

Water and fire. Never relate. How can water and fire living together.

Side by side. Yes right. Have you seen the fire under the water.

Look at the fire can burn under the water. Xiang Ke can be Xiang Sen. Can be a transformation.

Right so when these two. Can be totally upset. They go beyond together.

And the higher dimensional level. They can become oneness. That is the beauty of the five elements.

Framework. Experience. This one.

Right how can I go beyond. Itself. How? Balance.

So that each organ contain the balance. Each element contain the balance. Right so that's why we go to the next class.

Now because of these two of the major. Concept once we can understand. Once we can.

How to call it. Understand or. Comprehend a little bit.

And then when the next week. We do the whole system. Meaning elements together.

We create a team. You know now you'll be able to see. Oh how to create team.

Team effort. How do I create for this part. These two parts.

One is the Xiangkeng. Xiangsheng one is Xiangke. All right.

How can I let these two can play together. And to create the team efforts. To get.

Thank you Orla. Thank you. Hi Sergio.

Good morning. Hello. Good morning dear master.

Good morning everyone. Thank you very much master for. This class.

Beautiful class. I have a question about. Masculine men health.

Their prostate. Prostate gland. Is related.

To which element. First. And second one.

How. How the prostate gland. Is related to.

In Xiangsheng. And Xiangke. Patterns or relationship.

Can you explain a little bit about. The prostate gland in the men. Which element is related to.

And this circle. Pattern of circles. You go too fast.

That's supposed to should be the next week. Or next week of the class. You know.

Or the apply to the clinic. You know real situation. All right.

I can quickly tell you. Because the prostate concept. Is the kidney concept.

Ideal is a kidney. Or is the bladder in the kidney. So therefore.

You have to figure out. You have to figure out. How do I balance this water.

How do I do that. And which organ issues. It's a kidney.

Because it is in fact. Effect of your kidney. And the bladders.

These two. The water elements be effect. What cost.

There are so many. There are so many issues. Can cost by the liver.

Can cost by the heart. Can cost by. So you have to see which part.

You have to see. Which is the first. Priority.

Even though that's the condition. The prostate is a condition. But the cost.

Can be others price. Right. Okay.

Thank you. We will get into several. Clinical cases.

Over the next few weeks. So. Hold on with those questions.

Anyone else. Clara. Did you have a question.

Okay. You popped up on my screen. Anyone else.

So Master Liu. When we talk about. The mother child relationship.

And then you talk about. The support relationship. There is an importance.

Of course. To the mother child relationship. What makes the support.

And transformation process. So profound. Because they can go beyond.

That's a can go. And that can go beyond. Right.

Linking. Just like a window. Would try to support.

The earth. Linking. Let the earth.

Go beyond the earth itself. Unlike. If a mother goes in like a heart.

It's the mother. You know. Heart goes to the stomach.

The stomach. It cannot go beyond. The stomach is still with the stomach.

The other one can go beyond. Gotcha. So in many ways.

That whole triangulation. Becomes the most important factor. It's the most important.

The concept. I'm telling you. Put this.

All the secret of the Daoist Qigong practice. That's always. Always.

How to. How to. Organize.

Or how to make this. Xiang Ke. Relationship.

Become oneness. Like a heart. Water.

And fire. Killing. And the heart.

99.9% of people. Out of balance. Out of balance.

Which means. Your mental. And your killing.

Your genetic code. Out of balance. 99% of people.

Never have a chance. Not call fully. Just a little bit.

To see. Your inherent wisdom. The all at the killing.

You never can be balanced. Look at how simple. Sleeping.

How many people can do that? No. Why? Heart and killing. Fire and.

Fire and water. The two of these. Cannot be balanced.

If balanced. Your sleeping has no issue. Memory has no issue.

Longevity has no issue. Right. That's one of the most important.

Upper body. Lower body. It's a heart.

And the heart. And the killing. Fire and water balance.

That's all. In the practice. Qigong practice.

Left. Right. Left side.

Is the dragon. Right side. Is the tiger.

All the ESP. Psyche capability. They're all based on the liver.

In the liver. In the lung. Dragon.

In the tiger. This relationship. If it is a relationship.

You know how to do that. So which means. You see the cycle.

You see the circle. Bring the circle out. Right.

The. Winter sauce. Right.

Now another piece one. Yes. You see the summer sauce.

Winter sauce. The summer sauce is. Heart.

Winter sauce. Is killing. One is on the highest.

One is on the. And the left side is what. Spring equal night.

And the fall equal night. That's totally balance. Only these two times.

Can get the balance. The balance is a balance. Entire earth.

Left and the right. How difficult. Look at like a simple.

Your lung. And your liver. And the 99.9% of people.

Never get the balance. If a balance. You don't have a liver issue.

In the today. 80% the disease. At the today.

Is caused by the liver. How can be. If a lung will do.

Lung real can support. Real can do this job. And the liver never have issue.

Okay. Right. Digest the system.

Look at today. The digest system. So which means.

You think that. You think that this earth. Go back to five elements again.

Right. Your earth. Your digest system.

Earth. With your kidney. Water.

We say. All of this. Digest the system.

Is your acquired immune system. The kidney. And the bladder.

Is your innate immune system. So you have. Two kind of immune system.

That's the most. On the mainstream. Only focus on acquired.

But the entire. Entire blood line. Entire spiritual line.

Innate immune system. You don't know how to use. So if you can make this a tool.

Earth. And the waters. Balance.

Go beyond it. What kind of viruses. What kind of disease.

What kind of COVID. You don't need the COVID. Double.

Triple the COVID. Nothing can. You are.

Unbelievable. No one can beat you. You are undefended.

Right. Because your immune system. Will be there.

That's nothing. Can cost. Any kind of human.

So therefore. This is. I'm telling you.

This kind of. Inside the circle. There's so many.

Mysteries. Because they can go. Beyond.

They can. Once called the beyond. That means.

Once this. And the two entities. Can be.

One. Can you imagine. One.

Hand. Hold the whole thing. Then two organs.

Can show. That's the one. Very powerful.

Thank you. Well we've reached our. Maximum time limit.

So thank you so much. Do the homework. Guys.

So you know. I know I go beyond. I say the too much.

So but. I really think. You guys should.

Study more. And. Put this.

There's a lot of information. You know. Information.

Maybe. That's the first time. You can hear that.

A lot of time. You know. Never existed.

In the classical. Chinese book. Okay.

Study this. When the next week. When we go.

To the deep. Now. You'll be able to.

Play this. Be able to see. Otherwise.

You will be more. Confused. All right.

Thank you so much. Master Liu. And have a. Take care.

Okay. Bye. Thank you very much.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 6th Call 4.05.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 7th Call 4.12.25.txt ----
Good morning everybody. It's Saturday with Master Liu once again. Master Liu, why are you fanning yourself? I'm getting hot, hot flashes.

Male menopause, you know that, you know, the female menopause is easy to treat. And when the male menopause is 10 times difficult, finally the woman, you guys have said, yes, it's a time to fight back. Now see how powerful we are. 

Yes. If now I get a male menopause, totally screw, point and no return. Well, now you know how to relate to us, right? That's right. 

This life I try, you know, I make a mistake. I said, let me try to be the male of this life. It's unfortunate, doesn't, it's no, no way out. 

They say it's back to the circle again. In the menopause, we all need it together. Only who has more hot flashes. 

We have none. We've, we've achieved balance. That's right. 

It's a pause. I let it go. Send it to the cloud. 

That's right. They have all my records. How many times a daytime and the nighttime anyway. 

So what's going on? So I, I heard that they are not the main complaints or not the questions. There are a few questions. I thought it would be a nice way to start today. 

If you don't mind view some of the questions. First of all, for anybody listening to the videos, or even after these calls, questions come up, post them on the community forum. And then, you know, don't be afraid to answer this. 

Yes, there's a right and wrong, but because you're learning the digestive process happens when you try and put your answer out there. And maybe somebody disagrees with you and ultimately master who can weigh in and then we'll have resolve, right? Or we'll be guided. Let's put it that way. 

So the first question I want to talk about, someone had asked about frequencies. You mentioned the various relationships, and you mentioned that the organs also have a unique relationship based on frequency. For example, the kidney is the same frequency as the heart or the blood is the same frequency as a small intestine, but in studying or looking for in acupuncture literature, this person is not finding much information.

Is this something that is in the books? Or is this something that your master was able to see? The person, they read English, but he's not reading the Chinese. If he's reading the Chinese, he definitely says, oh, that's a Chinese saying. The Chinese always say, tong qi xiang qiu. 

Tong means similar, qi, I don't have to translate, xiang qiu means cooperation. So as long as you are in a similar qi frequency or similar qi field, you are always one family members. For example, the brother with the young brother is the same family, both are male. 

So therefore, let me do one thing, so I haven't done this one, or suddenly make a mistake. Anyway, called the tong qi xiang qiu. Ideally, it means if they are same frequencies. 

Frequency is translated from tong qi. The qi is difficult to translate, then only easier to translate, called the frequency. So the frequency, I think in English has some kind of understanding. 

Frequency means in a range, understand? I have to say called a range. So in this range, that's all same frequency. So in the other words, we can say maybe like if your frequency, if the frequency from one to hundred. 

So in this one to hundred can be many different stations, but in this arranged frequency, it's below to one category. So therefore, the frequency means in a similar, called a similar qi, they are belong to the same family. For example, the brother with the small intestines is a frequency. 

It's a brother and the young brother. So they are at the same frequency. The kidney and the heart is the same frequency. 

So what is this frequency going to help us? The frequency gives you an idea. Sometimes the heart issue is not a heart issue, it can be a kidney issue. It's like a twin brother and a twin sister. 

Think about it, it's twin brothers. Now the kidney has yin and yang, right? The kidney is yin, the brother is yang. So you look at this way, if you just look at by kidney itself, it's male, female, yin and yang. 

But if you look back to what we call the xiang ke, right? The relationship, support the relationship, the kidney must be support for what? For the heart. So what is the heart relationship? The heart and the small intestine. Then you look deeper, find out the heart with the kidney is similar. 

It's the same frequency. They are twin sister. They're married to the twin brothers. 

Son of the god, there's no way out. Therefore kidney problem is a heart problem. The heart problem is a kidney problem. 

Now you understand why sometimes the heart, the high blood pressure is difficult to treat. It's a kidney cost or it's a heart cost, right? So that's why we call it. In the Chinese it has this, but I don't know as today's English translation why they are not translating this concept. 

That's the one way to say. Because this, how do I put it, this concept we haven't discussed in this course yet. Because in order to discuss this, we have to introduce one more concept, one more category, which is Maria's. 

That will take us a little bit longer. So which is I will think you need to postpone next time will be the next course. That's the entire system, right? We say that the three major Chinese medicine foundations, the concept of Chinese medicine foundations. 

Number one is Yin-Yang series, right? Because that's the rule of the Dao. Everything must be followed. So the Yin-Yang concept is the number one. 

Everything is about the Yin and Yang. Number two is five elements. Number three is Maria's, right? So the only difference, I'm gonna say number one, number two, number three, doesn't mean they are levels different. 

They are similar level. They are all these three things, three or concept or whatever called the three entity or three consciousness and the three different kind of Qi, right? You guys should be able immediately thinking this way now, right? Yin-Yang is Yin-Yang Qi, Yin-Yang concept, their entire concept, their entire different kind of Qi. Then we say five elements, five elements has own Qi, own consciousness.

Then Maria's, the Maria's also has own Qi, own consciousness. So the Maria's is entire your energy body, right? You have a physical body, you have an energy body. So that's, you know, big concept about this because that's the one thing, only one thing you cannot carry with you.

That's only can discover in the life body. If you are dying, the Maria's disappear. So entire Qigong practice is to try to stimulate the Maria's. 

That's because that's your energy body. So as long as the energy body exists, you have chance, you have a chance to keep life, physical body, life. So when you say I'm dying, which part dying first? It's Maria's dying first, right? Then definitely Maria's cannot die. 

Because Maria's doesn't belong to you. Maria's just like you leasing the car, you understand? When you leasing car, car is yours. No, you just leasing that. 

You understand? Four years later, three years later, you can return your leasing car. So you leasing this Maria's with you in this life. One life, one Maria's.

Unlike the car, every three years you can change, right? No, the Maria's only with you in this life. You die, gone. In the next life, you can leasing different type of the Maria's, right? So therefore, it's not so profound. 

All the mystery of the life, all the magical healings, all happens at the Maria's level. So that's why acupuncture is magical. The acupuncture is not like, you know, what's called a WHO tell you can treat the disease. 

No, it's treat acupuncture to treat the pain. It's like they use a missile to kill the fly. It's such a waste, right? It's such a waste because it's a deal with the life. 

So because the Maria's name, different Maria's has a different frequencies, right? It's called, they vibrate at a different frequency. So that's why we call the frequency. So does that, if the bladder, if the bladder and the small intestine are on the same frequency, and yet they also have a support relationship, does that make that pair more powerful because they have a dual relationship? Yes, they can make it a more powerful, but also can make it there more vulnerable.

It's a double-edged sword, depend how do you use it, right? It depends how do you use it. For example, I'll give you guys an example. Many, many, many of you definitely have experienced, right? The bladder might be difficult. 

Stomach, stomach and the colon, stomach and the colon is the same frequency. So if your doctor recommend you every two years and now every five years, I don't know, so how many years you need to do the colonoscopy, right? Every time you did this, your digestive system screw up. Why? Because same frequency. 

You see that? And why you eat some kind of food, food, you get a food allergy, you eat the food and a few hour or few minutes later, immediately you're sneezing, runny nose. What's happening? Because the small, large intestine meridians start for these fingers all the way up to end here and then go to eyes. You see that? So that's why, because that's meridians. 

That's when we do the chi dancing, we're dancing with the meridians. We are not dancing at the physical, right? So that's why you see because it's the meridians, they are functioning at the same frequency. So you eat the food, even goes to the stomach, but the allergic, what they call the allergic reaction will pass easier to the same frequency first. 

So it will show at the one note, right? So that's why. Thank you. Then the second question was relating to the mother-child relationship, but in terms of a human being. 

So if the mother is always supposed to offer unconditional support to the child, however, the mother herself has so many issues. The child now is taking care of the mother in real life. How does that impact the child? Does that draw the energy from the child to the mother? Most likely. 

So you, we say the one thing, right? That's just a concept. When you apply this concept to the specific situation, cannot be literally doing this. Sometimes it's a big concept. 

So the bigger concept is generally speaking, right? I try to apply this in my English. It's called generally speaking, generally speaking, not specifically speaking, right? It's generally speaking, this concept, most likely, most likely, you see how much time I try to use limited English, try to describe this kind of unique relationship, a mother-child relationship, that often is the mother take care of the kids. Very odd to see the child want to take care of the mother. 

So the only thing can be explained for this type of the situation, which is almost difficult to see is, how do I say, is the means to be. You're born to be this destiny. That's your destiny. 

As a child, the destiny has to play this kind of position to take care of the mother. And the mother has to be shown in this life, even the position is the mother, but has to receive the other kind of life. But we never can see the past life. 

We never can see the future life, right? Because life never ends. So who knows? So unless you can see many different lives, then you might be able to see this processing. So how do you know you are practicing is to try to fix the past issue? And how do you know in this life that you try to prepare in the next life? You don't know, right? You never know, because you never see. 

But you never see doesn't mean they never exist. Well, those are the two main questions that came up on the community. And I do encourage people use that for dialogue. 

And I know that also there are some people who are having difficulty getting into the community. So next Saturday, we are going to start the call 15 minutes early. And Jenny will walk you through how to get into the community and just show you around before we officially start our Saturday morning call. 

Well, in my opinion, for you guys, it's your responsibility, right? So depending if you're thinking you've got the knowledge, that's enough. If you're thinking you've got the information, maybe too much. If you think you've got the system, no, you haven't touched it yet. 

So it depends. If you say I'm going to come in here to take the wisdom, good luck. Takes many years, a lot of chewing, right? No, I just say good luck.

So everybody understands that kind of sound coming from which movie is good luck. So anyway, so we're going to do, since we're going to do this now, today's class, we've done the two of the circles, right? We did this concept because we say this class is not just to talk about the five elements. We talk about the five elements from Daoist concept, right? Daoist concept, one of the the major concept is circle. 

The circle is always so important, so unique concept because circle itself will represent the oneness, right? So from that angle we should continue to see. So we see the first one is what? Xiangsheng circles, right? We see the Xiangsheng circles, then we see also five elements can turn into the Xiangke circles, right? So we can put the Xiangke circle and the Xiangsheng circle in the together, then you also we see from the five element circles can spread in the three circles. So where are they? So that's right, you see the five element circles. 

That's what we learned at the beginning and the left side. Wow, so exciting and outside the circle inside the dark lines. Then that's right, it's a confused, but they are not confused depending on how do you want to see. 

So we can see first the outside the circle, then put this one will be the outside circle called the Xiangsheng. They are mutual creation, right? One help each other because position change, right? The position change, the purpose change. So in this purpose they are Xiangsheng circles. 

Now that's in the other circles, once they change the pattern, we change a different pattern become Xiangke circles. Then that's in the other circles. The circle meaning is the line can be completed back. 

Now today we are follow this circle going because now we all talk about the five. So how can I get a limit, limit the concept? You don't have to take a picture, we can put this one out, you can download it, it will be good for you guys. It's another, it's a public domain. 

I just give the, you know, give us some kind of declaration, don't worry about it, okay? So I'm not gonna say copyright, you cannot do that, you cannot sell that. If you turn this for business, we go after you. Now, I won't say that way, right? So anyway, that circle, now we go to the different concept, different concept. 

You think of this, if you're front of this circle, then you see five elements. How can I take a different relationship? It's a combination, right? So ideally, so we learn this to say nothing can be separate, everything's oneness. So how can we change this concept and make this unified element consciousness framework become easier to understand? So today we're going to do this different way. 

So think of this the same concept. The first way, I'm going to start with the earth, wood elements again, right? We say because we are green dragon system, so that's why we put the wood element on the top. We still start with the wood. 

Any three elements, any three elements pick up, how many possibilities we can pick up the three create the circle, right? So I do that. So come on, follow me. You have any, most people have a pencil. 

Draw the circle, right? Draw the three one. Can you draw it? You start with the wood, fire, earth. It is one, the fire, earth, metal. 

It is one, earth, metal, water. Metal, water, wood. Come on, hurry up, hurry up.

Metal, water, wood, fire. How many circles? How many triangles are there? So in this triangle, what's the character? If we chose from the outside, use Xiangsheng as the base. Does anyone see the pattern? We use a piece of Xiangsheng as the base. 

Therefore, there's always two Xiangsheng, always connect one Xiangke. Two mutual creation that's always end with the one mutual support. Make sense now? That's one kind of circle, one kind of pattern. 

So we say, oh, I can use these three make us the team. It's called the team effort. In this team effort, so there's two generations, mother with the child and the mother with the child, and then become a grandchild. 

Then the grandmother with grandchild. What's the relationship? With the support relationship that they are not a mother child. You don't walk into your daughter's house thinking that's your house. 

When your daughter come back to your house, she always thinking that's her house. That's right. When you go to your daughter's house, you are polite and say, hey, I'm just grandmother. 

I'm coming here. Therefore, it's a support, not the control. It's not real Xiangsheng. 

That's why you do the two Xiangsheng, there's always one Xiangke. That's one kind of circle. Three elements can be together, which means three organs can create us the team. 

Now, changing this as the element of the organ, your mind has to be immediately thinking this, what's happening? Therefore, my liver, my heart, my stomach, that can be function as the one team. My heart, my stomach, and my lung can be one team. How many possibilities when you have a physical issue, then why one medication cannot fix? Because it's a team effort. 

Now, we see the second possibility is here. Now, follow me. Hurry up. 

Your pain has to move fast. Now, we still started with the liver, the word element. Now, you do the word stomach and the kidney. 

You see that? Now, you do the wood, right? Wood, stomach, and the kidney. That is the one. That's the Xiangke, right? Now, do the wood, fire, and the metal. 

Fire, earth, water. Earth, metal, and the wood. Metal, water, and the fire. 

Do you see the difference? Come on, hurry up. Exciting. Make me excited. 

Come on. I need the things. Oh my goodness. 

Let's get hot now. So, did you guys see that now? How many relationships? That's a different kind of pattern. You see this kind of pattern? So, in this pattern, it's a two-supported relationship always connected to the one of the generation, one of the creation. 

So, in that type of the relationship, the arrow always goes to the loop perfectly. To follow the arrow, you naturally go through the circle. The first one, you follow the arrow. 

Then, the last one, which is not on the same direction because the other one is the wood has to come into the earth. Instead, the earth goes to the liver, goes to the wood. You see the difference? That's the difference.

So, the one is more easier because we say by natural law, the image always goes from the one flow easier to the other side. So, you want the thing against it. So, you need it for additional additional support and something has to be changed. 

So, which is like first, some people say, how does my kids, you know, the child take care of the mother? See, it's unusual. Naturally, it's the mother taking care of the kids. Very unusual is child play back, try to take care of the mother. 

The mother still not feel good because the mother angry, still say because the mother think you are my daughter. You are my son. You should know me.

You should know me. Until here, yeah, you know. Let me add on one of the famous stories.

The Italian mommy, you know, many, many days doesn't talk. You know, doesn't say the son call mom. What's going on? My mouth is hurt. 

So, why? Why you not eating? I cannot eat. If I eat, my son gonna call me. I don't have time to, I'm too late. 

I cannot answer the phone immediately. So, the mother doesn't want to eat. You got this joke? Because the mother need to waiting for the son to call her. 

Unfortunately, he never does. Now, it doesn't matter. Now, now, or anymore, they can't see. 

So, that doesn't have to directly contact. Can be indirectly. Texting is indirectly. 

Doesn't want to show the emotions. I'm telling you, texting, you will see the consciousness level behind of the texting. People doesn't want to show the real, true feelings. 

That's another our issue. So, our issue is the five elements, right? We go back to the five elements. Master Liu, let me ask you within the five elements, there's a question that just came up. 

You mentioned various triangles, but the question becomes, our emphasis is on the wood, the green dragon system. Is it preferred that we always go to the liver and use the liver, or are there times that we just cannot? That's a good question. That's a question I'm going to give the answer later.

Okay. All right. So, we see these two types of the three triangles possibility, right? Now, we see.

Now, what's the purpose for when we go to one step deeper to see this relationship of five elements? They give us opportunity to see there are so many levels about the cooperation. There are so many levels of the interrelationships. Unless we truly understand each element, or we say each organ's purpose, each organ's function, then it's very difficult to diagnosis or treat the conditions, or illness, and the disease. 

So, that's why when you put all the information at the first class, I tell you each element, each organs are related, all of these things. Now, you see how many possibilities can be flowed into these five elements. So, that's why the five elements is an ancient chaos framework. 

It's a modern science. Today, if I tell you we are studying modern science, chaos theories, you wouldn't understand, right? People say, get out of here. That's not true, but it is true. 

Even chaos theories, this one's more chaos than the theories. Why? The chaos theories are only used for weather. We are here to weather only one ingredient, right? You look at the five elements. 

The season, only one ingredient, right? The season, only one ingredient of each element. Four seasons, right? Relate the four of the major organs. It can be five major organs, right? Elements. 

So, therefore, it's not compatible, right? Not compatible. Cannot be. That's another way we are going to discuss today. 

So, let's go a little bit deeper. If these are three angles, three organs, cooperation create the teams. You guys, right? After this, you need to do your own homework.

I just said, I just suggest it's up to you to really allow you to see if that's the possibility. How do you play? How do you see yourself? How do you see each organ's function? That's why we say each organ's purpose, right? What's happening? What's happening for the first, when I have a headache, then I start the medication. Then why when I have started the kind of painkill, the pain medication for my headache, my stomach caused the issue, right? Then why when I started my stomach issues and then do the one more medication, add in now a few months or a few years later, I have kidney issues. 

You see that? Now, we allow you to see you just put yourself in the deeper and the deeper and the deeper. I'm sorry. That's it. 

Then give you a proof, evidence to see you did this accidentally to yourself. Right? Okay. So after this, now we get more exciting, right? So if it's three organs, three elements we put in can create a circle. 

So how about four? So I give you guys two minutes. Draw the four circles by yourself. Come on. 

Hurry up. You need to do this homework with me. Draw the four, bring any four, right? So try to do the four. 

You can start with the wood again. The wood, earth, right? You can do the liver, heart, then do the this and then four, make it a circle. Four. 

Every four make circle. Every four make circle. Do that. 

It's done almost? Raise the hand. So I think it should be majority of people down, right? If you are too slow, so we need a special class to make you fast, right? Come on, hurry up. Do I need to do that kind of music? Making us nervous.

That's it. Okay. That's the answer. 

Okay. What did you see? Now I wonder you guys, come on. What did you see in this four elements or four organs create a circle? What do you see? In these four circles, how many xiang shen, how many xiang ke, how many pairs inside of these four circles? There are three xiang shen and three xiang ke. 

Perfect balance, right? So for example, if we do liver, heart, stomach, and the metal. Outside there will be wood, stomach, and the fire is the xiang shen. Fire of the heart to the stomach is the xiang shen.

Stomach to the lung is the xiang shen, right? Then the lung goes back to the liver. It's a xiang ke. Then the liver goes to the stomach. 

It's a xiang ke. Then the heart goes to the metal, goes to the lung. It's a xiang ke. 

So every four organs you pulled out make us the circle. They are always contained. Three xiang shen and three xiang ke. 

And the balance buried inside of you. The pair always there. Visible and invisible always there.

And to create a unique balance, the four is an even number. It's an even number, right? The four is an even number. Three is an odd number. 

So in this even number, let me tell you, it's even. Xiang shen and the xiang ke. Creation and the support is even. 

It's exciting. Now you see, no wonder you think you know, right? No wonder this framework can be used in Chinese medicine for the society and a thousand years. Still can be used, right? Not yet. 

I mean, that's just beginning, right? Now we're going to take another level, another angle. Because the five, I don't have to say that. Five already go back to the five elements now, right? So we're done to the two for the xiang shen, xiang ke pair. 

We're done for the three. So we're done for the four. Then we go back to the five. 

Then we make a completed circle now, right? The only difference is that we didn't start with the one. One, I don't have to say. One is you guys homework. 

So that's the first level. It's the first class. Each organs has yin and yang, right? Each element itself contains the yin and yang. 

So the yin and yang at each element. So that one, we're going to do this completed with the next class, not this class. So that now in this class, one more exciting is, okay, I'm going to go back to the one of the individual wood elements. 

So we focus the one. So what did you see in this one? You see the two lines in and the two lines out, right? You see that? Could you explain? You see stomach getting, it's the oral getting in, right? So we say everything in and everything out. In and out. 

Do we see that? So whatever coming in is what? Receiver. Whatever you take it, you give it out, it's releasing. So that's in and the yang balance.

That we learned that these yin yang theories at the first class, right? So you see the wood, which is the liver, has one of the lines, mother, child, or the kidney coming into it. But you also see the lung with the liver is a support also coming in. So which means the liver receives two kinds of support. 

One is the mother-child support. One is control type of the support. The both, the both is destiny. 

The both is the born to be. The born to be. They must fulfill the destiny. 

Which means the kidney must fulfill the destiny. No matter how crazy you are, your mind may always draw the last blood out from your kidney. So that's why even you are so tired, your exciting mind still draw your energy from your kidney until you're totally crushed. 

Then the lung constantly support to the liver. But unfortunately the lung cannot support anymore because the mind always go beyond. Mind always go beyond. 

Just like we are walking into the buffet. Did you eat by your mouth or stomach or eat by eyes? The eye, look at the desserts first. Oh, that's a lot of different kind of color, different kind of sweet, right? But your stomach is the limit. 

Your eyes, your desire is unlimited. So that's why the buffet is good. Now you see these two lines in. 

Now it's a two lines out, right? Two lines out. So what is it? So the wood has to be the mother of the fire. The liver has to be the mother of the heart. 

And also liver has to be the support to the stomach. Now question become the same question as the first one asked the question. Supposed the child will support the mother. 

Supposedly, supposedly the liver doesn't get enough love from the mother of the kidney. Suppose the liver will continue give out the love to the heart. You guys need to think in this way.

Suppose the liver doesn't get enough support for the lung. Does the liver will continuously support the stomach? Even though you eat the junk food, most likely in our life, these patterns never happens, never happens. No wonder we all total screw up. 

Naturally, naturally, this natural framework, this natural framework provide opportunity to us. That's the guidelines we have, we must follow. But in the society, our minds, our beliefs limit us, doesn't allow us to follow this natural law. 

So that's why we screw up. So that's why the situation become more difficult. Unless we are lucky enough to meet somebody, practitioners can guide us. 

So that's why, in my opinion, it's a five element framework. It's the most comprehensive and the most easy, not easy, most unique step can help us follow this kind of framework to start our natural healing. If you are looking for the natural healing, you want to follow the guidelines, follow the laws, and use the one of the pattern, then it is one. 

Then we are going to the concept now, right? So that's too much, right? In my opinion, it's too much. It takes many months. I just dumped into the one class to you guys, right? So there are no accidents, right? They say, you guys must be can handle it. 

They say, you know, God only give it to someone who can handle it. It doesn't mean I'm the God, right? I just say, I'm a lousy teacher. You guys are good students. 

So I hope that's the truth, right? The in and the out, upside the way. You know, there were some concerns, and somebody addressed it nicely in the chart, that this is complicated. And this is a lot of information. 

There are so many layers and patterns. This is an advanced course. And in the very beginning, even if you think you already know, go back to the beginning and study the duty and the characteristics of every organ.

And then we listen to what Master Liu is saying many times, is it's you, we think we understand Shang Chen, Shang Ke, and how to create triangles, but we don't know how to really infiltrate them, why and how. So Master Liu, I like the way, you know, you went back and reiterated what is the responsibility of the mother and the child. If the mother and the child, though, don't have that kind of balance, how does it affect the support relationship? So you're difficult. 

So that's why you have to base on this concept. You have to base on the level of the understanding, right? And then you create the team efforts. You have to create the team efforts. 

So how to create the team efforts, then that's the level of the understanding each element, each organs. So therefore that's called the system. Different system has a different understanding of each element, each organs. 

They will use different doctors. You will see different Chinese medicine doctors will use a different kind of framework, different kind of cooperation, and treat the same illness, the same disease, because they have a different understanding of each elements, each organs, and their relationship. And it depends on whether they use the five elements framework or they use the Yin-Yang framework, which framework they are using. 

But for us, right, at least for what I learned in the system, I always stuck or I stayed in this framework, because if you follow this framework, you'll never make a mistake, right? They say safety is a first priority. If you really know this, why you need insurance? Because you never make a mistake, right? How can you make a mistake? You follow the natural law. I give example. 

Now it's example. How do I use this? So first of all, I use this is to come out one kind of theories, one kind of program we call the Dragon's Way Qigong program. In the Dragon's Way Qigong program, we use this one because 25 years ago, I think 25 years ago, everybody want to lose weight. 

So how can you lose weight? How can you help somebody lose weight without making a mistake, right? The concept of safety is the first priority. So how can I make sure the patient or whatever the, you know, participant can be safe? What is the goal? Why the body gain the weight? From what we see now, they gain the weight is the balance. The balance of the balance. 

But each organs are the balance. The body five major organs cannot work as the team. They cannot work on the same page. 

So how can we step in in this chaos situation and create the team effort and can achieve a good result? Why we can achieve a good result? Because the body can heal itself and the body can repair itself as long as we provide the opportunity, now they get balanced. That's the goal. So therefore, in the Dragon's Way, we chose liver is the number one, right? That's Intel.

That's the first Qigong movement. Dragon toe dance. The liver, why we go to liver? That's who we are. 

We are green dragon system. We are goes to the liver. Why liver? We say that many times now. 

Because the liver is the unique organ contained in and out. The liver contains all your emotions. That's one of the major concept we haven't discussed yet. 

It's a time and a space in and out. So liver deal the time. Even though everything overweight condition, they are all space. 

But the real problem is time. You don't treat the time. You only treat the space.

Then they are going to still exist. Do you understand the concept? That means no wonder today how many surgeries you do the cancer. You can remove the cancer. 

You only remove the cancer space. But you did never move the cancer time. Then therefore, according for modern science, time and space never can be separate. 

As long as time exists, even though space can be disappear, then the space will also come back at a different space. So that's why you see all the cancer treatments many years later recurrence. Because what they do? They only remove the space. 

They never deal the time. Liver is the organ can help you change the time because of your emotions. So that's why in the Dragon's Way Qigong program, we focus on the liver is the number one. 

And the stomach is the number two. And the kidney is number three. They are these three triangles we hold as the main organs we focus on. 

You see the triangle when I use? I use this triangle, the liver, stomach, and kidneys. That's in this program. Then many years later, then I find all metabolic function. 

Metabolism function is so sexy and many people want to know all metabolism function. What is the metabolism function? Can you digest? Can you process it? What is the metabolism? Do everything go back to the earth? Earth is the most comprehensive. Earth can process anything. 

Look at that. We are living in this earth. The earth also represents our stomach. 

It's the same frequency. The frequency itself also has a consciousness. We say it's a consciousness. 

What is the consciousness? Earth consciousness. What is the earth consciousness? Everything can be processed and digested and transformed. In this earth, we are living in this earth. 

In human existence. How many years now? Thousands and thousands. How many kingdoms? How many illness and disease? Have you seen the human being disappear? No, we continue, right? Therefore, that means it doesn't matter what kind of wars, it doesn't matter what kind of illness, doesn't matter what kind of disease. 

The earth knows how to process it, how to digest it, how to transform. If we can readjust our stomach, connect to the earth consciousness, can vibrate at the same frequency, what kind of disease and what kind of illness, what kind of mental issues we cannot process and digest. You see that? You see this concept? So this concept, we are applying into our digestive universe, the book I wrote. 

That's the concept. In order to do this, we pick up the same thing, liver, stomach, and kidney. Why we do this? Because it's a destiny. 

Kidney is the organ that contains all your genetic code. So that means what we bring in this life has a purpose. Everything is contained in the kidney.

So if we can make these three organs together, we create the team efforts. What kind of things we cannot do? Our metabolism function, our digestion will get perfect, then everything can be healed. This is the second program. 

I use the same concept. Okay, this circle, I use it, right? I learned it, I applied it, I used it. Many, many years later, I say, ah, still too complicated. 

People know it. So how can I get much simple, much easier for anyone want to step into today's complicated life, today's complicated illness and disease, and you can start for healing and never need, never need to worry about it, make a mistake. I have to come out of this kind of program, right? So therefore we come out the shout out program. 

The concept is that anything, anything give you discomfort. Doesn't matter if it's a physical or emotional or spiritual discomfort, that means we can look at the discomfort as something we cannot processing, we cannot digest, right? The shout out is a Chinese word. It means I can processing you, I can digest you, I can transform you. 

So this concept can be used for anything because the ending discomfort is something stuck, doesn't move. So in the shout out concept, what do we use? We use the liver and we use the stomach. Again, for this type of the concept, but in this concept, I want everybody stop here one moment. 

If I use, I only use, I only use liver and the stomach. I only use, now listen to me, right? I try to use the English play that kind of way. I only use, now I should do it this way. 

I only use stomach and liver at the superficial level. What is invisible level? The probability of other organs can be support. That would be the homework for you guys to think, right? Even though outside look like this, but inside it can be still. 

Kidney also can be inside it. The lung also can be part of this triangle, but that triangle never exist. Then depend, depend the level of the practitioners. 

So that's why in the shout out, what's called the program, the end of the class, what I said is a practitioner's level. What's level? So how can you introduce invisible organs become invisible support and behind these two organs, liver and the stomach, and create this shout out practice and without making a mistake. Okay. 

That's why we say how to use, that's what I give it to you. That's the three major program we use for this. And also you can see like one of the, you know, breast cancer is the same thing, you know, the all over there, menopause, it's the same thing, right? Nothing changed. 

It's all there. Just as long as you know this, just focus different, because a different kind of condition has a different kind of consciousness, different kind of frequency, even though it's the same organ, but they show at a different purpose. They have fulfillment, different outcome.

That should be enough for today. There's a lot for today. I'm telling you, right? It's a lot for today. 

Look like nothing, but it's a lot. Take you guys a lot of processing. So I highly recommend you guys draw the circle, where you see that it's a good game, right? Good allow you, allow you feel more humble, allow you feel you are more proud of yourself, allow you feel, yes, there are something at the there. 

If I can merge into this frequency, you understand what I say? The five element consciousness framework has their own chi, that has own consciousness, has own patterns, it's dependent on your level. Understand what I say? It's your level. You guys, you want to get in this system, it's your level. 

You don't want to be just a superficial level and can talk useless. There are many professors can talk, they can talk very good, 10 times better but doesn't mean they can really apply this for healing, for life. So I would like you guys, each one of you through this course, can really apply this to your own life, for your own healing, at least that can allow you to see, doesn't matter what kind of illness, disease, or you got it, and it doesn't matter which level your illness and the disease, there's always a hope at the there, because what? That's a natural law, that's a natural consciousness behind it. 

That should be enough open questions. Okay, do we have any questions? No, that's it. Hi Sergio, go ahead. 

You can unmute yourself. Sergio? Oh, there you are. Hello, hello, good morning Master, thank you, thank you very much for this real beautiful class, for sharing with us your wisdom and your master wisdom too.

I have a doubt, a question in relation to this green dragon system. In this system we learn in the triad, pancreas, what about pancreas? In different systems, spleen, stomach, and pancreas are related to the earth element. Why in this system, pancreas is not included in this earth element? The pancreas is not the earth element, because they don't see, they just think in the pancreas, because they put the pancreas as a diabetic, diabetic is a sugar, so that's automatic, they just do this, but the pancreas is not a materialized pancreas, it's a frequency, they don't see the frequency, at least the mind must see the frequency, pancreas does not belong to there. 

We based on the frequency, that's the one of the advantages, you see what's called an advantage, an advantage is that I'm lucky enough to have one of the master can really see, see the real chief and the related to which meridians go where, so therefore I just get a shortcut, I don't have to study, I just say hey that's a disease, which meridians, what they related, once done, I don't have to do that, I just follow the natural law, but sorry master, okay, I understand, by a different system, pancreas is included in the triad, stomach, spleen and pancreas related to the earth element, you still can see that, you still, if you do that way, you still will have a result, but the meridians never touch, you still have a result, why? Because everything's connected, everything's connected, if you treat it by your stomach, you still have a result, but then you have to go to the stomach, and the stomach has to be strong enough, then one of the days may be able to back to the kidney, may be able to back to the heart, right, maybe, but most of the time, most of the time, in the clinic, you don't see, because they run out of time, you see, that's why I call the treatment, you still can do that, doesn't mean it's the same, so that's why has so many practitioners, okay, so many systems, they go through the different organs, different gates, because the goal is that everything is connected, but the question is, when, when, when they connect, right, will run out of time, run out of time, sometimes the fast, fast line, you know, you're driving the car, you know, the highway doesn't mean the faster, right, in the highway bumper to bumper, you're stuck at there, you can't, so tonight's a party, you can't just stuck in the highway, you have to get out, or sometimes you think airlines are fast, hey, you know, whether you stuck in the airport, right, you rather drive, it will be much easier getting there, so therefore, how, what is the shortcut, even though, I give you, even though we think, even though we think the Marines, but the Marines also has levels, in the today, what we tell in the book, give us the Marine, the first level of the Marines, even in the, this Marine still has inside the Marines, we don't know yet, so that's why, that's why the beauty of the Dao, the only way we can explain this is to bring the Dao, the Dao is everything, from visible to the invisible, it's infinity. Thank you, Marsha, do you have a question? Yes, thank you very much Master Liu, it's, all of this is so exciting, I was thinking about what you said before, that the Shang Sheng cycle is Ying, and the Shang Ke cycle is Yang, and that brings up my question, which is, if you have an imbalance in one of the elements, for example, wood, and say it's mostly Yin, that you've got a lot more Yin in that element in your body, does that mean that the wood element would have much more influence over the Shang Sheng cycle, and less influence over the Shang Ke cycle, because there's more Yin and less Yang? You can use it that way, because how do you know you have more Yin, how do you know you have more Yang, that's my first question, right, so that's the, most schools teach these kind of things, Yin and Yang, and look like they are so profound, and can catch the things, I don't use this kind of vocabulary, more Yin, more Yang, I just use one kind of vocabulary, say function disorder, I don't care, I don't care you have more Yin, more Yang, as long as I bring back your function, then it itself will automatically readjust to the balance, who cares, you see that this way, so this way you need a diagnosis first, Yin and Yang, if you make a mistake, you are 50% make a mistake, if 50% make a mistake, you know at the school as well, you get an F, you don't get a C, that's right, you don't want to get a 50%, you want at least a 60% and get a C, right, because once you do this Yin, Yang, look like oh, so sexy, so profound, more Yin, more Yang, more Yin, more Yang, you are more mistake, because you will make a mistake, and the discriminator in the two categories, you see, if I use the five elements, if I discriminate, only 20% wrong, thank you, I understand the concept, if I use the five element discrimination, I'm only 20% wrong, because I do the one element, I do two elements, only 40% wrong, but you do the Yin, Yang discrimination, it's a 50% wrong, now you're more Yin, more Yang, that's more wrong, understand that concept, yes I do, thank you, that's right, so highly recommended, don't use this kind of concept, that's very useful for the scholar level, to talk about like a language, in the practical, in my opinion, it's not a real practical, if you make a mistake, you are easy to make a mistake, because of discrimination, thank you, you're welcome, morning Heather, hi, good morning, thank you Master Liu, and hi everybody, I may be a little slow on this, so if it's an elementary question, you just let me know, I'm looking at that triangle, and I'm thinking, okay, wood in a support comes to earth, and in a support earth goes to water, and then water supports wood, in that generational mother child, is the fourth organ, then in the fire, is that the second line, that completes that four organ system of two supports, and two generationals, you can use the fire, or you can use the lung, it's up to you, or you can don't use, you understand the goal, right, so you have to understand the fundamental goal, is that body knows how to heal itself, the body knows, the body is a body, body is not a body itself, I know this makes you confused, the body is a body, is my body, I'm controlled, but you are not controlled, because each organ, they look like they function, but they function is based on this five element framework, outside of you, outside of you, does the weather change it, make your mood change, yes, right, does the hormone come, make your hormone level change, yes, but you don't see this part, you just feel today, I don't know why, I'm headache, I'm like, you're full moon, but no one say, no one complained, because of today's full moon, right, invisible, so therefore, which one you bring in, it depends on the level of the practitioners, so if you can, you have to say, the body knows how to use limit, limit the energy, to create the maximum benefit, the body knows how to save the energy, for real need, only our mind, we don't know, right, so if we can use less the organ, to create the maximum benefit, and the heart say, hey, I don't care, go do whatever would you want to do, don't bother me, right, so why you have to bring the actual more organ in, that time, more is not good enough, less is more, so you need to thinking this way, so if you can use one organ, it's the best, so that's why when I see my master, he only do one needle, I said, give him more needles, he said, why you need to waste the needles, I said, you need to feed people's mind, see, then they think you don't know, why you give me the one needle, you're so cheap, only giving my one needle, I said, needle is cheap, just stocking more needles, who cares, right, see, different minds. Thank you very much, appreciate it. 

You're welcome. Master Liu, if the body already knows how to heal itself, and we start using the five elements to understand the body, but then also to encourage the body, can we make a mistake, can the practitioner make a mistake? If the practitioners follow the natural law, what's called the natural law, means each organ has their own capability, for example, the stomach of this organ, love the warm, hate the cold, most organs, none of the organs love the cold, so if you constantly give the cold, constantly give it the raw to the one organ, you are constantly discriminated, and then make it a function bed, right, so if you will follow the natural law, understand each organ when they love, what they can do, what they able to do, then you'll be able to never make a mistake, generally speaking, so that's why we say, in order to study this, you need to understand consciousness, the consciousness of the wood, first, to grow, to feel this, to be flexible, that's consciousness, then later, this consciousness manifests to materialize the wood tree, now look at the tree, to understand, that's your visible example, now you look at the tree, fairness, right, visible on the upper body, above the ground, invisible under the roots, then make this relationship, you never see the root, or your testimony, and they say, it's not fair, you have a beautiful flower, it's a human name, oh, you know, human always loving you, how about me, I'm working so hard, you know, day and night, suck out the energy, support you, no, right, each one understand the cooperation, visible and invisible, the root connect to the invisible, and then received, and the leaves say, hey, I'm connected to the invisible wings, right, then I show you, see, the both have to work on the together, so that's why we have to see, how can we follow the natural law, so that's why I highly recommend each one of you, go back to study again, each element, each element, what is element, the element based on the consciousness, then this element is a consciousness behind, then later, these elements can apply to the organs, so therefore, each organs are capable and able to do the elements, right, element, because the word element can perform this philosophy, name, so do your liver, thinking this way, you will be ahead of the game. Last question, good morning, Teresa. 

Yes, good morning, Master Liu, thank you so much for your teaching, I have a question regarding what you said in the previous lecture, about the Xiang-Xiang cycle, referring to being outside of us, and then the Xiang-Ke cycle, referring to be more inside of us, so my understanding, I want to clarify that, the Xiang-Xiang cycle is the generative mother-child cycle, so the child never can be the you know, the mother is the mother of the child, now is the controlling Xiang-Ke cycle is about transformation, is about reaching or attempt to reach oneness, therefore, we as human being in a clinical practice or let's say practicing Qigong, are we working at that level, like is the outside generating cycle which is continuous forever, for eternity, we have no direct impact on that, but we have a direct, we can have a direct impact in the Xiang-Ke level, because it allows us to create transformation, is that correct? We can do both, then which way is easier for you, so for example, Xiang-Shen, Xiang-Shen level, right, Xiang-Shen level, okay, so today, tonight is a full moon, right, tonight is a full moon, the moon is in, right, the moon is in, the sun is yang, so the moon is in, in related to the what, liver is in, right, the heart is in, depending on the organ, all the organ is in, the bowel is yang, so then therefore, if today is a full moon, the moon always related to the water, right, because it's in, every time full moon, earth water change, so the kidney always change with the full moon, the hormone always change with moon, so in this moment called time, time will happen in the space of the earth, this energy is a free energy, it's a free, so then therefore, this free energy will come down to the earth, either you like it or you don't like, other elements we will use, only our mains we don't recognize, we waste, we don't have a, we have a solar to get the sun, we don't have a solar to get the moon, right, can you imagine some of you got the solar to get the moon, that'd be amazing, right, so if for us, we say tonight, I'm going to do my meditation, see, effort, then maybe tonight your meditation will support to deliver, does it make sense now, because this kind of Xiang-Shen is automatically, and give it to you for free, but your consciousness mind must be aware, then also your liver function must meet the requirement, otherwise even though you go out to do something, still doesn't mean you can receive, all right, so you cannot go out, you cannot go out tonight and do the liver, do the movement, it doesn't relate to the liver, right, you do other kind of qigong movements, they are not stimulate the liver meridians, they stimulate other meridians, let's get a benefit, yes, since everything's connected, but not directly, you see what I say, so you need to think in this way, so if today, tonight, your meditation can get a benefit for the liver function, then tomorrow your digestive system, or maybe even tonight, you're asking with that, and TMJ will releasing it, because what, liver received unconditional love, right, just that's always go back to the level of the understanding. Thank you. You're welcome. 

Yeah, there's so much for us to go back and study, we do, we learn and apply. Thank you. All right, guys, do the homework, do the homework, all right, please, for your own benefit, not for me, for me, I'm just sold things to you guys now, all right, you know, I really wish, yeah, that's the, that's the things I just pass, I only can pass the knowledge, and I cannot pass the wisdom, so you guys have to go through this processing, and transform this knowledge to become a wisdom for you, otherwise, you only can duplicate it, and repeat it, information and the knowledge. 

Thank you very much, see you next week. Thank you.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 7th Call 4.12.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 8th Class 4.19.25.txt ----
In my opinion, today is a very important class because it's the end of the, it's not the end of the, it's almost when I finished, so second, second module, we say the relationship. This relationship is a build up of individual elements, but the individual elements is a build up based on the consciousness of the each elements. I would like each one to truly understand we are build up, but we shouldn't, I shouldn't use the word called build up, because the build up is the Western concept, you build up block by block, you build up, that's called a build up.

We are circle, understand, as I say, the learning processing, we continue over and over and over again. Every time we're over this kind of vibration, it's like a tornado, anyone have ideas of tornado? Tornado is not that kind of, tornado is this way, but in our dimension, it's like a pyramid, right, you see the pyramid, they say the top of the pyramid space is a limit. My master always say, what does that mean? Top of the pyramid space is limit. 

If you want to go to the top, that's no party, because you cannot have a chance, you know, have a party over there, the only few people are capable, able to go up to the top of the pyramid, because they have to be unique, who you are. The five elements, it's like a pyramid, it's a five element pyramid, it's the same kind of concept, we from the elements to elements, and the circle up, right, you see what we do the circle, we do the again circle, again circle. So then therefore, for us, it's a concept, it's okay, so we need to know individually each element, what is element? So when we start the first class, each one of you, we say you need one sheet, you all have one sheet to download, all the ingredients, all the aspects of the each elements, right, from space, from the marine, from the body parts, they are all connected.

So that's, I say, that is one of the foundation, I give you guys almost two months now, supposedly, you should close eyes, you can memorize all the things. If you cannot, then when we go to the next module, you will find it difficult, I'm not gonna go back to this, I just dump it in, dump it in, dump it in, I'm assuming you guys is a grown man, right, grown man, that's not like a kindergarten homework, homework, homework. It's not homework anymore, it's your responsibility, right, it's difficult, so that's why we say this course is not for beginners, number one, also this course is not for tourists, you see what's different for someone as a tourist or someone as a resident.

Tourists come and go, they follow the flag, follow me, they tell you what you're gonna see, but what do you see, right, just follow the tourist, but discover, you want to discover the kingdom, discover the mystery of this framework, then you cannot follow the tourist, I'm not a tourist guy, all right, I just tell you, hey, I just write one kind of book, it's called the tourist guide, it is still a tourist guide, but it's a different kind, I'm still hiding, I'm still hiding, because I feel that if I say too much, it might confuse you guys, I know, no, your ego won't allow you, your ego won't allow you to accept this kind of, who the hell are you, can question my intelligence, right, I know, you are inside, to get you sooner or later, you think you know, I'm saying, I know nothing, so that's why I say, I know nothing, I'm just a deliver mailman, I'm gonna deliver the information, understand, I'm just trying to deliver, deliver to you guys the information, only difference, you don't need a signature, sign it, you don't have to sign and say you received, all right, I just deliver that in your mailbox, it's up to you guys, how much you want to put effort to really cultivate it, even though it's English, I have to tell you, even though it's English, my English is not English, it's the Chinese version's English, so therefore, it's inside that has Yin and Yang, it's not pure English, it's you just poured out the English, I'm not pure, you know, it's 100% pure English, it's not, I merged into the Chinese concept of the English, so that's why we say, we say that in this framework, xiang sheng, xiang ke, I'd rather you guys use Chinese instead of use English, because the words, what they, it itself has thousands and thousands of years, has the culture, consciousness behind this framework, it's the thousands of years, the men cultivated or used this framework in their life, in their healing processing, in their environment, they figure out some kind of knowledge, some kind of wisdoms, right, so they try to put it down, try to put it down, therefore, if we're directly going to translate as English, like a xiang sheng, it's so difficult to translate, even say, mutual creation, wow, like needing thinking, so then, therefore, they do the mother-child, you know, literally, and bring back to the reality, you with your mother, too literally, you understand, it's too literally, so if you have issues in the mother-child relationship, you might have issues with the real mother and with you, you definitely have the issue, otherwise you shouldn't have the issue, understand, because you will immediately use this language to merge this kind of relationship, you wonder that's true, but doesn't do that that way, so the mother-child relationship, just give you a concept, it's a merge, always from highest going down, right, the mother-child, they call the xiang sheng relationship, and the xiang ke, it is, right, the only difference here, I say, xiang ke has two levels, two levels, one level is everyday life's level, it's a majority level, it's in the clinic, all the time, what we see, we see exactly as a translation of the English, control, control relationship, out of control, that's why what we see is problems of the control, either over control or under control, see, all the physical issues, emotional issues, life issues, there's always a feed into over control or under control, even though it's the mother-child, what we call creation, xiang sheng, that's the same thing, same thing, either give too much or not give enough, you always complain, I need more, I need more, because the greedy is always itchy, the greedy bury inside, right, how much we want more, think about the xiang sheng, xiang sheng means child, right, we say, okay, mother-child, child always go get more, more, more, so what is more for you guys, think about, what is more, all the materialized things is more, non-materialized is not more, doesn't mean we are bad, we just means that we, mentally, we are slapped our concept called more, right, more, if we say we are the child of the universe, think of this concept, we follow this concept, please, we are the child of the universe, so the universe is a mother, we can get whatever we want, now think of this way, right, we can get whatever we want, now think of this way, when you go out, when you go to climb to the top of the mountain, what do you see, you see the beautiful views, right, everyone see the beautiful views, I know some people never climb the top of the mountain, so I shouldn't use this example, I should say, look at the moon, I think everybody have experience, know what's the full moon, right, how about this beautiful shining full moon, everyone, your entire life, you definitely have one or two times, having this experience of the full moon, but none of you, none of you will be so greedy say, that's my full moon, I'm gonna take home, does anyone do that, does anyone say, let me get more, a picture constantly doing this, none of you do these things, right, why, why, does anyone think about it, why you're not doing this, why not take more for the light of the moon, the energy of the moon, think this way, why when you do the breathing with the air, you are not bringing extra air back, try to suck out the more, and because I can take home, does anyone do that, why you're not doing this, you only do the water, water bottle, does anyone do the air, you are part of the air, right, you are part of this energy, you are deeply, deeply, each one of us at the biological level, we know what is in now, what is the relationship between the child and the mother, what is the relationship when we're facing to this unlimited wisdom, unlimited power, right, but only, only when we see some materialized things, and then we want more, we want money more, we want to materialize more, and big house, big cars, big things, right, other things you don't, now you should really look at this kind of angle, and then try to figure out what's happening of these kind of things, when we have a bad weather, when we travel, do we want to control, do we want to control the weather, we cannot, we know these things, right, at the biological level, we know our position, think about, I try to use my language, our position in this reality, your position, who are you, what makes your thinking you can control, so far, I think until today, most of you should have a little bit understanding, wow, everything is connected, try to control one thing, try to define the one angle, one disease, one body part, it's foolish, because every time when we think we know, we know, or I discover something, then immediately behind the discover is unknown, exist, immediately exist, so the unknown always what, bigger than the known, right, it's just like you're chasing the tail, unknown is always big, so that's why when we learn the yin and yang, in a reality, in this reality, yin-yang is a balance, in this reality, control is very useful, but in higher dimensional reality, invisible is bigger than visible, cooperation, harmony is the deal, is the real underlines of the relationship, it's another control, it's very important, so that's why when we study the Xiangsheng and the Xiangke, we must see consciousness level, we must see that invisible level, so that's why I say that these two, I want to share, it's not that I say, not to say I'm authoritative, I just want to share this concept taking me how many years, every time I think I got a master, yeah, smash me, you know nothing, that's why I say, oh, I know nothing, I just discovered that I just cannot sleep a couple nights, you still say I'm nothing, yes, you are nothing, right, I'm not saying you guys are nothing, right, you have everything, you know, you accomplish a lot, right, so we still, we just have to be a little bit humble enough to understand, that's the first class of what we say, we try to use it, Dao is the concept, right, what's the Dao say? In the Dao, the Jin says, the Dao, what is the Dao? It's everything, it's nothing, but it's not nothing, right, it's everything and nothing, understand, so called infinity, that's called the Dao, it's before the big bang, before the existing, that's the Dao, everything, so once it becomes this everything, then when the purpose, purpose rise, then existing happens, so there's always a purpose at the consciousness level, doesn't matter one star, doesn't matter it's one universe, in the other universe, there are many universes, right, does anyone watch the movie, they call the, well, the Doctor, I think it's, I forget the, what's the, oh, I forget what's the name of the movies, the guy's promise is that I will love you in all the universe, I love the lines, Doctor Strange That's right, Doctor Strange, you guys should watch that movie, understand why he say, I will love you in all the universe, what does that mean? That means at the different universe, you have a different purpose, you have a different body, you have a different position, in this universe, you might be the mother, you might be grandmother, you might be the woman, you might be the husband, in the other universe, maybe you are not, maybe you are alone, maybe in the other universe, you are different, so therefore, the guy said, I'm not just loving you in this universe, like what we say, that's the best, no, the guy said, I will love you in all the universe, it doesn't matter who you are, it doesn't matter what you are, it doesn't matter how you are, I will love you in all the universe, so what does that mean? That means exist, they are exist, they are all connected, so once this Tao can create this oneness, then the oneness can be understood, right? So it's difficult to understand oneness, we all wish one day, I'm oneness, but we don't, I love coming in, good or bad, I chose good first, or I don't see the bad, right, in and out, become two, two become three, three become everything, so what do we do? We follow this concept, we follow this concept to understand five elements, right, again, so what is in these five elements, so therefore, in these five elements, contain the oneness, contain the three, contain the two, in and out, and contain everything, understand the whole concept? So therefore, this five element consciousness framework can help us, can help us, for what? To discover the relationship between the human beings, between our micro, right, it's microcosm, the universe, our body, with the microcosm, nature. That's the framework we try to use, right, to discover the position, that's why in the Taoist concept called your position, what is your position, what is our position in this universe, in the front of the universe? We are not a boss, we are not a master, we are a system, we are a system, you understand what a system means? Just do whatever Tao tells you, just do, go with the flow, go with the flow, do the best of what you can, a system, you are a system, you are not a boss. Don't add your opinion, the Tao is a master, the Tao is the boss, you just a system, right, so that is the principle, that that is the position in Taoist concept of human beings, and therefore, when we use this to five element framework, what do we see? Right, at the beginning, what do we say? We say the first class, you need to learn this, and the second one, what do we say? We say each element has a unique own characteristics, right, we have to study each element, in each element, what do we see? We see control, right, we see each element's relationship, we see each element has many different yin and yang, we see each element has lines, xiang sheng lines coming in, xiang ke lines coming in, and the xiang sheng lines coming out, xiang ke energy lines coming out.

You can see the two coming in and the two coming out, and it depends on how you want to see, if we say yin and yang can be applied anywhere, anytime, anybody, and therefore, once we apply this yin and yang into each element, each element itself contains yin and yang, right, liver again, what is liver itself? Yin and yang, liver in the gallbladder is yin and yang, right, the liver inside the body, your liver, with the outside of your joints is yin and yang also, right, and it really depends on how do you play these kind of games, is how do you see, it's a perception, right, that's each element, that's what we say. So that's each one of us must study hard, so that doesn't have to study hard, you don't have to study, you just have to memorize, because for thousands of years, the masters already discovered, already has been used, you just follow the path, faithfully. No doubt, just use, and use, and use, okay, that's the number one, then what is number two, we're going to add in, we add in, we say it again, this is xiangsheng, right, xiangsheng can be xiangsheng, xiangsheng cannot be the xiangsheng, depends on how do we see, how much, like xiangsheng, energy has to go, that's the xiangsheng, we could do this, the heart, in all the heart, need nourish, your heart has to grow, what do you need, okay, forget about the heart, we say liver, right, we say 80% of today's condition, right, disease, illness, today's life of the balance is your liver, liver is being what, we apply the liver to the wood element, in nature, it's the wood element, in our body, it's the liver and the gallbladder, so when the liver and the gallbladder need help, what do we do, 1-800-GOD-HELP, buy the phone number, it's a toll free number, no, I'm just making a joke, you're asking the mother, right, so what is the mother, kidney, right, suppose the mother needs support, but if a mother under the stress, if a mother under the depression, if a mother under the fear, so how can mother continue support the child to grow, no strength, no energy, in the day, I'm too tired, the mother cannot, so when the mother cannot, the child will continue use, and the today, and the liver, yeah, while we are talking, definitely, someone get the texting message, right, what do you do, I don't see you, you immediately see yourself, immediately, so one, you're afraid of missing the sequence, the other way, you're afraid of missing somebody texting you, you immediately spread your energy to both parts, but this way is based on the fear and the greed, you have to look at the consciousness, that's what you do, so what's happening, then this Xiangsheng relationship never can be completed fully, so the liver never get enough wisdom, resource, from the mother of the kidney, right, that's what we see, so therefore, in situation, relationship, never enough, so talk about today, you know, one of the big, big issues of the hypertension, it's the same thing, if it goes to the kidney, if it goes to the heart, depending on which organ, impact, it's all, so when later, when we have a chance, discuss this concept, then you'll be able, see, you'll be able, clear, to see, why, why the hypertension happens, and which organs, right, why the treatments can change, and outcome will change, that's the Xiangsheng concept, right, so that's what we learn, in the Xiangsheng, excuse me, in the Xiangsheng, what do we say, it's a two, right, two, two cannot be separate, mother and the child cannot be separate, Xiangsheng cannot be separate, Xiangsheng can be oneness, so sooner or later, they still is the oneness, the liver is the kidney, kidney is the liver, so the liver contained, contained consciousness, contained, inherited wisdom from the kidney, right, that's Xiangsheng, so two still can be become as the one, now we learn, Xiangke, Xiangke is the same concept, right, so even though Xiangke is a different framework, so something supposed should be controlled at the first basic level, but also can go to the next level, cooperation, but most likely, we never see this level.

Because the most likely, we are busy trying to fix at the first level, either over control, or under control, right, because of the situation, this always happens, from the physical body to emotion, right, from the simple TMJ, to the little bit complicated, to the rebreath, and to the ulcers, and to the joint pain, you look at that, and each one can be called progress, until, and something worse part, and the cancers, look, stroke, right, they all related to control, either over control, or under control, right, the situation, but in the five elements, this framework is a natural framework, the natural law is what cooperation lies, based on the cooperation, so the control is foolish, is our main, is the people, is the main concept, I need to use these words, so we have to go beyond, so we're learning this, is to teach us, can we go beyond, can we look at the two, is a totally opposite, and control, and become oneness, reach to the cooperation level, reach to the transformation level, reach to beyond the level, right, so that's what we need, that's what we need to go to the basic concept, because now we see everything is a circle, right, why we use the circle, I say that many times, because we're using the Dao, Dao is called a circle, it's a circle, life is a circle, everything is a circle, circle is represent the Dao, circle is represent the oneness, one is one, right, so that's why we use circle, now you can see, individual can be circle, two can be circle, then the three relationship can be circle, and the four relationship can be circle, then the five relationship can be circle, then entire five element consciousness framework is circle, one and oneness, can you see that, can you understand that, and can you play that, right, I'm not here trying to make this more complicated, like a philosophy, no, I'm just trying to try, I'm trying, trying to let you see, they are probabilities, hidden behind what we see, that's layer after layer, that's interrelationship, cannot be just so simple and say that, oh, that's it, never can be this way, here still not included your personality, your life purpose, your genetic code, has nothing, all of these things has not adding into this path, and also your environment, you're living at which time, right, which city, think about that, you are living in the Chicago, wow, what do you call the Chicago, the wing city, what is the wing, the liver, you're supposed to be flow, right, but you're still stopping, you are not flexible, what's happening, you're living in the wrong place, you don't get the benefit, get out of here, no, I'm sorry, I shouldn't say it that way, but the nature will say, God damn it, I'm sorry, I give all the love, mother nature say, I give all the support, what did you get it, right, we are blind, we can look, we cannot see, have you heard it that way, we can look, we cannot see, so the five go back again, why did we have the five element consciousness framework, to help you see, that's your grass, that's what you call, can you wear that grass, see through the life, see through the situation, right, if you can do that, then you can see many things, and the basic what we cover, right, we cover the basic, then we haven't covered, excuse me, we haven't covered a little bit of difficult part, is when we say yin yang concept, apply into the five elements framework, the whole situation will change, right, and therefore, whole situation can change, why we say yin yang concept in the five element framework, look at the five element framework again, you see, when we see this five element framework, right, we say, xiang sheng and xiang ke is yin and yang, right, because the xiang sheng you will receive, if you receive is yin, you will control, or you give out is yang, receive is holding, take in is yin, give out is yang, right, understand, then therefore, look at what we say, we go back to the level again, so receive is yin, give out is yang, right, out is yang, yin is yin, now follow me, you might confuse, which is good, so if a killing come into the liver, is what, is yin, is xiang sheng, is yin energy, right, because yin, then the wood to the fire, or we say liver to the heart, is out, which also is xiang sheng, right, both is xiang sheng, but however, once this concept enter the yin yang concept, then turn to the yin and yang, the both is xiang sheng, but the yin, the yin yang concept can be yin and yang, right, the whole thing change, relationship change, so that's why we say that, I say the beginning, do not be foolish at the beginning, so I understand, which framework, how do you see this kind of framework, right, how do you see, you look at that, if a lung is metal, metal control, when we say control, or metal cooperating with the wood, the xiang ke, right, suppose, if you look at the xiang ke, but however, if you turn this way, oh, because it's arrow go to one, go to the other, enter, I receive, right, doesn't matter receive, it's over receive, or under receive, I still receive, what's that mean for you guys, I know I go too fast, but I think you guys can handle it, if you cannot handle it, you better go back to review the whole thing, what's the guideline, we say, everything happens for a reason, and the reason must be for good, can you see the good, that's the three guidelines, you have to repeat and repeat, repeat again, everything happens for a reason, right, so learn, coming in, so the reason must be for good, control, cooperation, doesn't matter which words you use, xiang ke, purpose for xiang ke is for good, only different levels, only problems because we as the main, we make mistake, because we discriminate, we are not following the natural cost, this relationship of the balance, then the body show the condition, but however, from the yin yang concept, for the xiang sheng xiang ke concept, they don't discriminate them, they just say that is one kind relationship, you better consider, you better understand, you better apply it, so into this concept, what do you see, you see so many things, even they are the yin, they still has the yang, even they are the yang, they still is the yin, depending on the situation, depending on the situation, so for example, I give you an example, right, again, if we use the kidney, the kidney goes to the liver, that's the yin because it's coming in, right, the lung goes to the liver, it's what, it's the xiang ke, it's the yang, but both coming in, still is yin and yang, because one pair, that turn as the pair, they can be the same time, they can be the different time, if you look at it at the same time, it's the pair, it's the pair, that means what, when I look at my liver, I look, I have two yin and yang, both come to me at the same time, one come from the kidney, one come from the lung, right, one is the yin, one is the yang, you see that, what I try to tell you guys, that's called the yin-yang concept, it's next level complicated, because we haven't really getting in this kind of study yet, because the yin-yang changes the entire relationship of the entire framework, but they don't change, they just give you different angles, allow you to see this materialized and the non-materialized, the relationship, the body parts, you see, the first chart, the body part, you don't have to put their name, first, you guys have to remember, I give you homework, I already said, you guys have to play this, you have to play this so many times, until yours, otherwise it's not, otherwise it's not yours, right, otherwise it's not yours, you have to, if you love this kind of concept, if you want to apply this concept, you better put effort into it, there are no accidents, why I say that there are no accidents, again, because most of you is western, you are not Chinese, most of you, so in the bloodline level, you don't have this bloodline, your bloodline is not based on the yin-yang concept, take earth to heal yourself, your bloodline is western bloodline, then why in this life, and you are interested in this kind of concept, do you know what that means? Usually, there are no accidents, you'll be able to explain, because at the spiritual level, before you're born, you already know at the age, at the time, you are going to receive, you are going to meet the one of the Chinese deliver boy, he's a deliver guy, I'm not a boy anymore, deliver guy, he's going to deliver this personal package for me, that's why, I'm giving your personal package to you, without your signature, right, the L, I'm received, I know you all received it, either you toss out, or you put it under the pillow and sleep on it, anyway, that's not my business, I deliver that, I fulfill my destiny, do you understand? I can go back to cash out my credit, anyway, that's the one, the yin-yang, right, so when one day, when we have time, if I have a chance, we will go deeper, try to truly understand this yin-yang concept, right, that's the other beauty of this, so that's why in the Chinese medicine, why say yin-yang, it's the fundamental laws of the entire universe, right? Fundamental laws, everything can be applied, so here, as in the other angle, we haven't discussed yet, which is the meridians, energy body, right, because we apply this for healing, we apply this for human body, and therefore, the human body parts, livers, hearts, stomach, and lungs, and kidneys, the body parts, always related to physical body parts, and energetic body parts, you have one energetic body, which is called meridians, once you apply this meridians concept into the human body, then space and time changes, the meridian has a meridian's time, meridian has a meridian's space, meridian runs through the body, and the different locations, and the changing entire concept, so that's why you might be able to see why, when the Chinese says, the liver associated with the tendon, and the liver associated with the eye, that's not a physical connection, it's an energetic connection, it's a meridian connection, okay? So, they are very important, because this part we haven't touched yet, because that would be too much for this course, otherwise I'm gonna stuck here with you, I know you get bored, you don't want to listen to me too much, come on, hurry up, finish, I need to go buy the chocolate bunny, you know, today's Saturday, I know, the line-up people, some chocolate store, local chocolate store, always line-up today, so anyway, that's different issues, right? Anyway, the meridians part, we haven't touched yet, that's another beauty, I love the meridians, because, why I love them, is they are so many secrets, so many secrets, you know, hasn't discovered yet, thinking this way, right? If we agree, human body is a microcosm of the universe, how big is the universe? How big is it? We don't know, right? So, if we don't know how big is the universe, then you don't know how big is your human body, it's exactly the same, because every body part has a counterpart outside your body, where are they? The only way to discover is through the chi, through the meridians, right? But you cannot do the materialized level, you cannot send the body to the lab, you know, try to cut it, try to see it, you're gonna see nothing, we know, the modern science already tell you, once you penetrate down until where they see the subatomic level, it's nothing, all they show is interrelationship of the energy. Why bother, why have to go through this, Chinese already tell you, it's a chi, it's a feel of the chi, it's a feel of the chi, it's a quality of your chi, so your chi, your personal chi becomes so important. Then your personal chi is what? It's not just your chi, until today, you guys should figure out this one, your personal chi, your liver chi, your lung chi, it's not your chi, right? It's the element outside you, it's the element of the nature, it's the element of the universe, penetrate down to us.

So the course until today, until this time, I truly wish each one of you, I'm not trying to confuse you, I try to make you proud of yourself, even though you screw up so deeply, you still receive this unconditional love from the universe. Why? Your counterpart, your counterpart is at the universe, is in God's hands playing, and you only play here, you think you can do it, and you go to the practitioner, they manipulate to take it out, and then they watch you, come on, why you do these things? Can you imagine one day you go back to the heaven, go through the security line, they check it, you're missing the body part, you better go down, something is not complete, sorry doctor, it's all the way, oh my goodness, anyway, that's a joke, right? But there's a fun way, but you're never thinking this way, if you're thinking this way, you wouldn't do this, right? So anyway, so what did we discover today? I know I talk too much, you know, a whole, how many, almost hours, right, hours, I try to put this back to the circle again, you see, what I try to tell you guys, at the beginning, first class, when we say information, knowledge, system, then it's wisdom. Information, at the first class, knowledge, I tell you, they are all connected, we're learning the knowledge, right, we're learning in these five elements, it has all the relationship, Xiangsheng, Xiangke, mother, child, control, transformation in young Marines, goodness, you learn a lot, right, that's knowledge.

What is the system? The system is what I learned from my master. This system is here through this angle, let us see these things differently, because you can study five element framework from philosophy angle, you can study the five element just from element level, but you can study the five element from all these Yin, Yang, consciousness, different levels, and put it together as the circle. The circle is the key, it's our system, our green dragon systems, one of the unique, because we must be follow the Tao, follow the Tao's concept, everything is a circle, you have to be complete as a circle.

So, until now, we covered the basic, I still call it basic, right, because it's a level, I know, we are into the chaos, chaos, it is five element, it is a chaos of theories, you guys are truly understanding, you'll be amazing, you are studying the modern science, and with the simple language. You should be proud of yourself, you know, you know these things, you really can play many different things, to understand many different things, to understand when you try to study for healing, right, you say I'm wonderful healing, how do you start? Which framework you want to use? So, you can do, you can start from many different kind of framework, many different kind of stuff, it's all based on how much they understand the relationship between you with your disease, you with your conditions, you with your natures, you with your souls, with your chief, right? You see that, this everything has to be in the one big part of the circle, you cannot put it out, so therefore, for each one of us, right, need to put effort into this framework, study it, play it, and become yours, apply it, not just for language, not this, you cannot hang in here to show people, oh, I reward, I receive the five elements, consciousness concept, come on, who knows what it is, you should apply this, make you different, make you feel different, make you look different, right? I know people want to just look different, they don't care to feel different, you want to both, a little bit greedy, right, because you know, if you follow the natural law, body never lie, your body will never let you down, why? Your body just as the mirror of the universe, just a microcosm of the microcosm, right? So you have to see this part, which is through this part, and through the course, and help you understand. I think I covered it, almost, almost, right, and the second modules of what we, what do you guys get? I think I delivered everything, right, four package, I didn't hold something, four package, only in the yin yang concept, yin yang concept, how to apply in the meridians, how to apply, hasn't discussed, but that's another promise in this way.

So down the road, one day, if I have a chance, we can continue, right? So in this part, you covered it, you all have to continue, play this, study this, try to understand, otherwise, next, we'll go to this, module three is application, apply this concept for the reality, for the basic condition, basic, whatever called the situation, then you will confuse, but the whole work you have to do, okay? That's it, we can open up for the questions, I know. All right, so who has digested all of this and has no question? Wow, you know, every time you talk, it just, it takes my blackboard, if you will, on it, it erases it, and it starts it all over again, there's so much within the relationships to, anyway, questions, Joanna? Hi, good morning, Master Liu, good morning, everybody. I had a question. 

So when you try to apply this, right, you said, okay, you need to form the circle to apply or you need to create that loop. Let's say I have a liver imbalance, do I, which other, because there's so many different options, right, to create the loop, how do I know which one will be the answer? Do I pull in other organs that I feel like maybe are also affected, or do I pull in the ones that seem more balanced because they might be stronger? Very good question, and the question is, how do you pull it in? Is it based on the knowledge which you learn or based on the older habit which you have? Think what I say. One is a habit. 

Your habit is that I want to see the good, I'm always to see the bad. See, depending on how you want to see, you will believe of yourself, you will believe of illness and disease, it's all the habit, right? So you're learning this, I'm trying to give you a new habit. I'm trying to help you see. 

Can you see the good? Can you form different angles to see? But it doesn't matter. At the beginning, it doesn't matter. Beginning, you have to apply for all the circles.

Like, just see, oh, I can form this angle, I can form this angle, I can form this, because it gives you an opportunity to see what's different. You have to ask the question. You have to ask the real question. 

That question is coming from you, not coming from the head. Because it comes from you, you will say, wow, I have a little issue. How do I bring the circle? You can bring the circle based on the mother-child, you can bring the circle based on the Xiang Sheng Xiang Ke, you can base on the circle of the entire loop, right? They call it a circle. 

So what circle makes sense? They all make sense. Otherwise, it cannot be the circle. Does the circle make sense in your minds or in the reality? We'll just go back to what I said again and again.

Bottom line later, it all depends on the level of who you are. So the level of who you are, you have to discover yourself. You have to discover your comfortable technique, or your confident concept.

The level later is all based on your qi and the faith, the faith between you and the Five Elements framework. Understand what I say? It's a faith. It's not easy. 

It's not easy because the faith that we often say, oh, I have a faith to try to build with a spear or build my faith to someone else. Not many people say, I have to build my faith with my car. You build a lot of faith to your car, right? Every time you get it in, you always put the seat belt or you don't put the seat belt. 

If you don't put the seat belt, that's a faith. That's not my time. I'm not going to die today. 

So you have to see this part. Excuse me. This part we haven't discussed yet. 

So that's the next level, which is module three. We're going to take a real case. I'm going to play this so we let you see. 

If I use this circle, if I use this circle, what is the outcome? How do we see it? Okay. Yeah. Thank you for that. 

I think that makes a lot of sense. I think so far I was very focused on the negative or what is wrong. And today, as you were talking, I was like, wait a minute, maybe there's another way.

That's right. It's taken me, I said, it's taken me how many years? I only changed this, you know, in these 10 years. Before everything, what I do is the same thing. 

Based on the negative, based on illness, disease, right? Based on this, until I reach a certain level, I have a confidence of my skill, my thing. Then my master said, now you have, it's time to change. Yeah. 

Thank you. You're welcome. Any other questions? Master Liu, do we limit ourselves? I know when we first begin to understand, we try and understand the function of each organ and the relationships. 

But if we mainly look at the Shang-Shen relationship, do we limit our outcomes rather than going to Shang-Ke? No, you don't limit that. You just have to apply this, that, even though in this Shang-Shen relationship still has many different levels. So that's why I say the Shang-Shen is based on the one goes to the other. 

The one we see will go to the other. One is their duty to support the other. Right? So that's why they call the Chinese literally translated to the mother child. 

It's the mother's duty. It's a mother's duty to let their child to grow. That's the duty.

So that how to grow is based on how do we want to see, right? Child abuse is also a part of growth, just a different angle in different society. That's illegal. And then the other society, maybe, maybe, but we don't know yet.

Right? So therefore difficult to say that this part, just have to say, it's one easy thing. In these five elements, Shang-Shen concept is give us, it's liver, from liver to the heart, it's a Shang-Shen relationship. It's liver's duty, give the everything when the heart need.

Right? However, doesn't mean the liver knows how to balance itself. If a liver out of balance themselves, abuse herself, how much she can give it to the heart, she still will give it to the heart. But to give it to the heart can be wrong concept. 

Right? When I think about it, when someone say, I help you, but that person helping person already under a lot of fear, do they help or they add more fear? Right? She will see this part. Good morning, Rosalie. Good morning, Elaine and Dr. Lu and everyone.

This may be more of a, of a philosophical question. I don't know. I've been trained in multiple disciplines, an exquisite five element acupuncture background.

Nearly 30 years I've been in practice and as a Western healthcare practitioner, nearly 40 years in the field of anesthesiology. I feel many days like I know nothing and I know everything. It's that dichotomy of being in that space.

And I love working with human people. The human tribe is my thing. But what my question is this. 

So, as we're talking about the, the, the mindset, the Chinese philosophy, imagery, the characters, which I've been trying to interpret for many decades. The language itself is so challenging to me, like Latin and French and other languages I can resonate with. But the, the, the, the, the sounds of the different tones, I'm very much challenged by.

My question, though, is this, is there a universal tone to this medicine? So, I was in a, a Land Rover in the deep mountains of Southern Greece in the mountains with my visiting on a family trip back to the ancestral village. And one of my relatives, many of them are Greek Orthodox nuns. And one of them was getting a little car sick. 

And I happened to look over and, and she was pressing on what I know now is large intestine four. But I didn't know that world at this time. But here I am deep in the mountains in Southern Greece with a, with a rather aged relative who's practicing acupuncture, acupressure on herself for a car sickness.

And, and I know just from my reading and studying and respect for this work that there are Vietnamese traditions and French traditions. And there, I think there's a universal language of this somehow that speaks to itself. I guess I want your, your thoughts, your feedback on that.

What is the one line, the real question is what? Does it have one sound related? Hmm, I don't, I don't know how to explain this because then it will take hours to finish this. Because once opened this wound, it is difficult to close. Hmm, okay.

The tradition, right? Even though today, that's what we do today. Today, the Chinese language, you have four tones, right? So four tones, you have to do the four tones. In the ancient time, they don't have four tones. 

They only have two tones. What's that mean? That means in many words, the tone should change everything. Even vocabulary, vocabulary can be different because the tone is the same thing. 

So the master will manipulate the different vocabulary into the same tones and try to tell you. So that's why the beauty of the Dao, the Zhuanzi, the second master of the Laozi, he really tried to show us he played this game because Dao is unspoken. So in order to spoke unspoken, he must use this, all of this kind of magic words and try to let you see what did he say? He say nothing, but he still say something.

So that's why it's very difficult. They say nothing is something, something is nothing. Then what do you try to say? He say, I say nothing. 

So why you say nothing if you say, I say, I say nothing, but I still say something. So that's why it's difficult. It's difficult to get this part. 

This part, in my opinion, is a hidden, is a real hidden in the culture, in the wisdom part. It's a hidden. It's a hidden.

The second one is because the Chinese language, unlike any kind of language in the whole world, only Chinese, other languages, because any vocabulary, most like English, I don't know the other language, they all have many different, many different, how do they call it, like tones. It's not the tones, like one word, how do they say, like a transformation, right? I use a transformation, but the inside that you have a two or three to what they call the, what they call, how do we call this? Like, I have, like, I don't know English now. Like, yes, yes, it's one tone. 

That's all the Chinese language, only one tone, one, one main character, which is one main words. It doesn't have two things add on. Just like the xiangsheng, right? I use the xiang, you see that the part of the words, I only can use this as the, right? You see that the xiangsheng is two words, right? So xiang would be X-I-A-N-G.

So in this way, AI, there's only one tone. They don't add two. They are only one, how to call it, the main, each words only one main sounds. 

They don't add two together, not like a xiangsheng become, xiangsheng is two words. Each words only have one specific tone. I don't know how to call this English concept.

Would it be pronunciation? Would that be a? No, each one, and they are only have, how to call them? Syllables. How to call? Syllables. Syllables, right, syllables. 

There's only one main Chinese one, there's only one. They are not two. So therefore make it easy to manipulate them because it's one. 

It's one. Unlike any language, they might have a two and it become one word. Chinese always has one, one. 

There's always one added there. Then once this adding in, now they can manipulate. It's so unusual.

So then therefore, the ancient particularly, all of these like five elements, that's ancient time, ancient language, xiangke, at that time, how do you know it's exactly that kind of translation? That's why I don't want to open this kind of wall, right? That's a totally different concept behind. And particularly, if you do that one more kind of different culture, different culture has a different body. A body might look the same thing. 

I will only put the body might look the same thing. Because the Maria's different will allow you to pronounce the ancient certain sounds coming up. The sounds are associated with the culture, with a specific Maria's vibration. 

That's a completely different course. So based on which sound you can pronounce it. So that's why I can use a sound for healing. 

Why? It's a vibration. You don't have this Maria's or this Maria's. You might have a certain Maria's, but that Maria's has a different, how to call it, different character or different quality.

Resonance? No, quality. It's a quality. It's a quality of your Maria's. 

So therefore, that Maria's doesn't come out a certain sound. For example, the violin with the cello, it's the same thing. Look, only size is different, but the frequency can be totally different, right? You see that? It's the same thing. 

I play the violin while the cello comes out a different sound, but different frequency because it can have something different. The Maria's around the soul are totally different. Then different Maria's will come to sound, come to the soul, will allow you to manipulate the certain sounds for different culture. 

So then therefore, now use a good positive, then therefore, the more language you can speak, the better you are. Because what? You just look at the language, it become Marian exercise. Wow.

Okay. Thank you. You're welcome.

We're going to have to practice rolling our R's. Transformed to you because at the consciousness level, you never can get it. So we need a Chinese class. 

So, so far we have so many people here can speak Chinese. If they are willing to create the invisible credit, they should try to do this service. Sounds good. 

We'll work on that next. Okay. All right, master. 

Do it. No more questions today. Gave us again a lot to think about and to study.

Wonderful. So you guys can. Yeah, I know you can all taste us as sweet chakri as today, this weekend. 

Enjoy that. Why do not thinking chakri will cause you a diabetic. Don't worry about the sweet is the best for the liver function.

So, right. So I'll help you guys do the homework name possible. We're going to next class. 

Start a new journey. All right. You are all get the B plus.

All right. Bye. Bye.

Hello, everybody. Where did you go? Bye.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 8th Class 4.19.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 9th Call 4.26.25.txt ----
Good morning, good morning, everybody. Great to be with you once again. How many weeks is this now? What do you think, Ann, it's about eight, nine? I think this might be 10 now.

Today's 10? Nine. Awesome. Yes, it's been a fabulous review.

I know for myself, just going back and listening to the recordings and then playing Master Liu's audio, it's really put together a complete package. So today we have a topic that is near and dear to my heart. It is sleep.

So we're going to move on and see how do we apply so much of the teachings that we've been learning. And Master Liu's going to start with sleep. So how many people here have difficulty sleeping? Raise your hand.

That's what we want to see. How many? So count fast. See your regular hand.

You don't have to wave your hand, just. Yeah. So this is what we see the average of what's the, what's the percentage in this group.

So therefore the least that we understand how deep I can go there. Or you might get some benefit for yourself only or first, put it this way. Wow.

It's a lot or nobody. It's quite a bit of people. Yes.

How many people have disturbed sleep? Let's put it that way. Wait, just raise your physical hand. You have, you fall asleep or you wake up in the middle of the night or you're in a light sleep and you're thinking about everything about during the day.

No, it's my cat calls, or my dog calls. It doesn't look like many people. We're pretty good, right? Okay.

A couple of people. All right. So we have a wealth of stuff going on.

Some can't go to sleep. Some go to sleep. Some wake up from their sleep.

All right. Go ahead, Masa. Doesn't matter.

You go to sleep or you don't go to sleep. Right? Or we can say the 99% of people never know how to use sleep. You waste.

Put it this way. 99% of the people. Right? So you think of this way.

Excuse me. Why when we do any kind of martial arts, any kind of study, you never catch up the master. You spend 30% of the time to the bed and sleep.

And the master can during the sleep and still practice. Think about it. Like how to use the one of the most, the most comprehensive practice between your body and your consciousness and your spirit.

Think this way. Then when you can really see your unconsciousness and your spirit and the lead you. And the way you have opportunity, taste, taste beyond the time and the space.

Right? And the way you have opportunity to real beat up the somebody you really have issues and without the feel guilty. And then you wake up. That's just a dream.

How good is. Then only difference. Can you reach the level in between you beat somebody and the next day he say, Oh, my rib cage hurts.

And you know, at the night, you just kick the area. Right? And it matches. Matches.

So why I say that this way, right? So remember when the whole course, we call the consciousness of five elements. We say the purpose of the consciousness is what? Purpose. Purpose.

Everything's the chi. The chi has a consciousness and the consciousness has a purpose. Purpose.

So then therefore, each one of us come to this class, we are learning. We are not just try to grab in the information. If you want, then you shouldn't come here.

You can go to the internet and you know, anywhere you can get enough information, but you won't get some like this kind of class. And to show you how to make this information or knowledge become practical way and you can use, right? You don't. So how do we use this? Otherwise it's just knowledge, just information.

Because we want to use this five element framework. The consciousness of a five element framework to make our own life more profound. Because everything happens for a reason, right? It's the reason.

It's the reason our life exists. It's the reason your life continues. Reason.

Even though you don't like it. Even though you have so many difficulty from the physical to emotions. Difficult.

But your life continues. Right? Every morning when you wake up, it's a groundhog day. Start over again, right? If you don't know what I say, I think most of you know that movies, right? Every morning we wake up, oh, again, again.

Until one day you're enlightened and it changes. They're called SSDD. But we don't want it this way.

We want to break through. So how can we break through? And how can we use the inherited wisdom? What's called the inherited wisdom? And come with, come with the package of the life. So since we've done this course at the now, now we go to the level three now, right? You are not a beginner anymore.

You are level three. You are level three is how to apply. You should know the basic concept.

What is the basic concept? You are not alone. The basic concept is what? Everything happen for reason. Your life, your body, your consciousness.

There's always beyond what you can see. Visible and invisible. Beyond is the body.

Invisible is what? Is your chi. Is your consciousness. Is the pattern beyond the time and space.

Outside of you. Hanging there. And still function.

So your body just become in one kind of machine be controlled, controlled by outside universe. Then if that things happens, one of the most profound concept is what? Purpose. Life need a purpose, right? Life need a purpose.

But we need this body. Does anyone say, I don't need a body. Oh, I can lie down and just use my mind, create everything.

Come on. Have you seen anyone can do that? Not many. Even Jesus has two different way.

Even Buddha has to do that. Even Lao Tzu has to do that. Cannot just say, I use my mind.

Can create it. Yes, they create. But the physical body still exist for purpose.

In order this physical body exist for purpose, then the one of the most profound system, we are download inherited from this genetic codes. But outside, outside physical body is what? It's a self healing. It's a self repair.

It's different, right? The body can heal itself. This concept is based on the system. System itself contain the wisdom can do these things.

And when, the way you're going to have this opportunity to repair your body, it's not like your car every 3000 miles. So now the new car once a year, you have to send in, change oil. They do for you.

It's not once a year you go to your doctors. They do. They don't let you check.

They don't repair you. See, they find the problem. You have to do the homework.

You have to repair this body in order the body can help your mind, your spirit to fulfillment your destiny. So repair system is inherited. Then the sleep is the only, only the activity for most people.

I say most people, right? What's called another most people. The only few masters reach the level. They are 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

They don't have to. They constantly body will do this. But for us, we are not reached that level.

Our five element framework, our five organs not reach the self represent itself. Self is the loop constantly 24 hours a day, seven days a week repair. We relied on the activity of the sleep.

We are relied on the quality of more sleep because we need this event to repair the body. I think each one of you know that in the class where we talk about in and out, the daytime is in, out. The nighttime is in.

Moving is in, out. Not moving is in. So when you sleep, are you moving or not moving? Now think of this way.

Your physical body doesn't move. Your mind continue to move, right? Your consciousness continue to move, right? So that's why they say you never sleep because your consciousness never sleep. So remember when I tell you guys put the Laozi and Zhuanzi book under your pillow because what? You never sleep.

Your consciousness can read. Can read beyond the vocabulary because they are beyond the time and the space. They know how to digest wisdoms, not digest information.

So that's why the sleeping is the most profound concept of events if we want stop natural healing. If we want to say I would like take responsibility for my own life, own health, and own healing. Then that is the first step you must accomplish and you must reach the level, the level can allow your body enter self-repair.

Systems, otherwise that system always be interrupted. Can you imagine you do something in the middle of this someone come? What do you say? Wait a minute, right? You tell them wait, you have to finish, right? So repair system is the same thing. The quality of the repair also is the same thing.

So we learned that these five elements associate the five different organs. Different organs has what? Has a different chi, has a different consciousness, has different purpose. Name therefore, their repair system, their repair time, space, and energy is different.

Name even when I say time, right? You understand the time. The time is not just based on our time. The time also can be based on the natural time.

The natural time is meaning what? Natural time, why I talk about this? Does anyone have an experience of why almost every night you wake up at midnight? If you go to sleep, night cup, you still wake up at 11 or one o'clock or some people every day almost, they wake up at three o'clock or four o'clock around this time. So if you don't know this, I think the first day we say that, the one of the charts, each organ relate the time, you better look at it. You better look at the chart, look at this framework to find out why at that time you wake up.

What's happening? Energy deficient, right? Just like a suddenly you don't have a power, then light is off. So if a body suddenly doesn't have a power, what's going on? The engine doesn't processing, then you wake up. Then the repair system until this time stopped, you wake up.

So the sleeping becomes so important, so important. That's the first, first, right? So first, natural healing ability. So we have three, I say basic, basic life processing, life requirement for health.

Number one, I say number one is the sleep, right? The sleeping is the number one. Then elimination is number two. Then diet, eating is the number three.

So the people, as of today, we turn upside down. We put the eating is the number one. How to eat, what to eat.

So that's why everybody based on the eating, make a business. All the business, all the store is to sell food, let you eat. Can you imagine a store to sell the way how to make you sleep? That'd be huge difference, right? Instead of store sell the product, store become like a bed.

You just go there, lie down, they let you out, put in like a car, let you sleep for two hours, three minutes, 10 minutes, based on the quality you want to pay. Oh, that'd be amazing. You're tired, just go to the store.

They lie down, they jack it up, put it in. Five minutes, recharge, you're fresh. Wow, that'd be amazing, right? It's a new project for, I think it may be, you know, 50 years later, something will happen.

This kind of concept instead go to store, buy the water, you just go to store, sleep, right? Recharge. The eating, we turn upside down. Make a fool is the most important.

Instead of thinking sleep is the most important. Because the fool is what? Is energy, right? Based on what we say, everything is the chi. Everything's the energy.

Everything's energy. So the energy can change. The fool can change, right? The fool is energy.

So if you have a quality of the energy, why worry about so much of the fool? So don't worry about that part. That part we're gonna go later. Today, we're gonna focus on sleep, the D most important.

Why we need it, I say, because that is the most important concept in the Chinese medicine. But I forget about the talk about the spiritual processing, right, the qigong practice. That's all, I'm not talking about this level, I just talk about the physical level, because body can heal, it is a repair.

So the entire Chinese medicine, the high level practice, the doctor always looking for, how can I stimulate the patient's self-repair system? Then therefore, they can do the job, I get a benefit, right? Have you heard of this? You go to the doctor, say, wow, this doctor is so good. You know, genius. I go to the other doctor a few times and never fix the problem, goes to her, one treatment done.

I say, she's just lucky, because when you catch a cold, first day, second day, you can continue to change doctor, no one can fix, until the seventh day, you just walk in, she just give you a kiss. Oh no, she cannot give you a kiss, that's against the law, it's here. She just give you one cup of the tea, fixed, why? Because the natural process in your organ has to change, until that day, you meet the requirement of the natural law, or she just give you a one cup, one kiss.

Now you think she has a skill, no, because she just knows today is the seven days. Doesn't matter, the sun gonna coming up, the condition just gonna gone, because it's natural process, just like a hay fever, right? Now the season, hay fever come. Symptoms is look like you catch a cold, allergy, but that kind of symptoms never go too deep, unlike other kind of cold, they can cause the bronchitis, cause the very serious issue.

Hay fever never cause the serious issue, just cause the itchy eyes, uncomfortable for couple weeks, and then suddenly, boom, they gone, consciously. That's the same, that's called the concept, called the time, and the natural time. So now we think about, we go back to the sleeping, it's a concept.

So the concept is during this time, the body must meet the requirement. Okay, while we talk about this, now you know your sleeping is very important, right? Even though you don't have a sleeping issue, even you don't have an issue, but you still have an issue. What are the issues? You don't know how to use these great opportunity and go to the next level, right? Because that is the time your body can repair, your body can repair itself, right? So how to provide this opportunity to allow the body to repair is very important.

Now let me go back to the beginning. We assuming has an issue, right? We assuming has an issue. Now we have to do that, based on this kind of issue, Eastern, Western concept.

You're a doctor, you're a professional, someone already tell you what is the in the Western minds or concept of your sleeping issue. That's what we see. What do we see at the Western way? I wanna each one of you think about it, where you heard it, you go to diagnosis.

It's another disease, right? Sleeping issue is not a disease, it's just a condition. They are not a disease and they are not illness, but they are just one kind of natural processing turned into the unnatural. You cannot treat it as a disease.

It's just treating your out of balance. So how does the Western way thinking associated for which organ? I give you two minutes, each one of you should write down this, should have this kind of, so therefore, I'm not continue talking, we can have some kind of dialogue, some kind of concept. What do you think? What's happening, particularly for you guys, if you have experience of difficulties? Hey guys, in this class, in the level three now, you should know, you should bring your notebook.

I'm not like, write down this, sorry, this new way, very difficult to do this kind of way. I just talk, so you guys should write down the least something, right? Okay. What do you got? What do they say in the Western way? They say relate the most for what? When you go to do the sleeping treatment, what do they give it to you? If anyone find they have a sleeping issues, what do you get? Most of the people, right? What do they do? They put something mask to your, not a mask, right? They give you a, what they give it to you? They give you something to help your brain.

Oxygen, they give you extra oxygen, they think your brain doesn't have enough oxygen. So therefore, you should carry this to breathe. So when you look like your breathing issue is oxygen, you don't get enough oxygen, so therefore your brain have less oxygen.

Your brain have less blood flow. The blood doesn't go there. The oxygen doesn't go there.

I think definitely someone, they will study, they show that all the chemical out of balance, hormone out of balance, but all of this is not a cost. All of this is effect, it's not a cost. You can continue adding in this.

Does it help? Yes, help a little bit, but you never can be cured because your body continue create these out of balance issues. So all you see is effect. All the test is to show the effect.

The brain wave, the oxygen level, the breathe, the heart rate, all of this is effect. It means this body system, so we say the five element system is out of balance. Okay, now we just based on the Western concept.

We put this Western concept into the five element framework, pull the five element framework up. What do we see? In the first chart, we say brain. The brain in Chinese medicine is called actual organs.

They are organs, but not belong to five elements, but they also belong to, has associated with elements. So which organ can control the brain? Well, you also, I wouldn't say control, which organ has a relationship with brain. Right now, come on, do the homework, do it immediately now.

So you guys should do it this way. Instead, I continue talk. You supposed to, should be able, so that's why I say do the homework.

If you don't, you have a first chart. We say the major one is what? The kidney, right? The kidney can go to the brain. The water, the kidney can go to the brain.

The heart, often related to the brain. Here, still doesn't see, in Chinese medicine, the other angle, which is the last time we say that in the five elements, the meridians system I haven't introduced to you guys. Because all the major meridians, the two of the major meridians go to the head.

One is the bladder, one is gallbladder. Then also, we can say all the young meridians, young meridians, so which means the small intestines, the stomachs, larger intestines, they are all, even san jiao here, doesn't have the san jiao, right? They are all running to the brain, to the head. So which means how many highways, think each meridians is a highway, truck go through this brain is the city.

You have one city, now you have six, or we can say seven major highways coming in. Now you think, if I have a traffic jam, what's happening? What kind of combination can coming out? Any meridians, any one meridians, or combination meridians have a qi deficiency or qi function disorder can cause you the brain function disorder. So if your brain function disorder, how can you have a peaceful night? How can you have a peaceful sleep? We can, right? So that'd be difficult now, right? So even though we say, okay, now I'm gonna do based on the Western concept in our framework, this five element framework.

How do we deal with it? How do we deal with it? Well, I can deal the individually, I can deal the individually, the organ, right? I can deal the heart. So we're gonna deal the heart. So how do we deal the heart? But we cannot deal the heart, because in Chinese medicine say the heart is the king.

King is untouchable. So you cannot deal the heart. So you only can deal the relationship with the heart.

The partner of the heart, you can deal with the mother. The mother of the heart is what? It's the liver. Or you can deal the child of the heart.

It's the what? It's your stomach. You have a choice. You can let the child take care of the mother, which is very difficult in today, because everybody, child, all the child has issues, physical issue and the mental issue.

Your digest system for the heart, the child is what? It's the stomach and the spleen. Then what kind of diet will we have? What kind of things will we eat? Can we do that? Almost difficult, right? But it's possible. So therefore, you can say, let me start my digestive system.

So therefore, you can go to the digestive system, make your stomach function change. How do you do it? How do you change? Based on the natural law. So that's why I say that each element, each organ has the natural law.

So what is the natural law of the stomach? They love warm, hate the cold. So that's why in our Dragon's Ways Qigong, the program, we say, do not eat the raw food. Do not have a cold drink.

Why? If you constantly put the cold and the raw to the digestive system, how can they function right? If they cannot function right, then what's that means? That means the stomach or chow of the heart will draw the more tensions of the mother. You cannot deal with that, right? Then how can mother have a peaceful mind? How can heart be peaceful? Then you can have a good sleep. You cannot.

And therefore, at night, the meal, at the nighttime, the dinner, do not eat heavy dinners. Do not eat big, heavy dinners. But today is the life.

The dinner is the most important, right? Lunch, we are busy. In the morning, just go. And the dinner, now sit, drink, and eat.

So your dinner get full. Now all the energy has to go to the stomach, to the processing. So then how much energy will you send to the heart? Send it to the brain? Then how much energy will give it to the heart? Okay, so we see.

That's one possible. So if you say, I'm going to start heal myself, I'm starting my first step of the self-healing, you can go to the one, or you can go to the mother of the heart, which is the liver, right? We said the liver is this organ control all the stress, all the emotional activity, right? So you have all the emotional activity. So now you have to look at yourself.

How much emotional activity every day, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, bothers you? So if your liver surrounded by stress, when I say the stress, it's a mental stress, right? Not just a physical stress. Then that means your liver function never reach the stage, can real support or nourish to the heart. When the mother is so busy, so crazy, and run out of energy, how much energy or tension she can give it to the child? Well, child still can grow, but just not to grow perfectly.

So we find that, okay. So if you say, my diet is perfect, I eat organic food, but doesn't mean you eat organic food, you are perfect, right? Just give you say, you can put it in, doesn't mean you absorb. That's a different issue, we are not talk about this.

Here, I'm just let you see what's called the possibilities you still need to put up, possibilities to see what's going on and what we can chose. How do we chose this kind of pairs, right? Now you say, individually, we can do this way, or now we go to the second step. How can we make a team effort, right? That's a nice fancy vocabulary.

It's a team effort, that's right. Which one you make it a team? So you pick up the liver and the stomach and the heart together. So we make a team effort, right? So I decreasing my mental stress, I straining my stomach function, now my sleeping quality optimizing will change.

Or you have any other kind of team effort. So which means you can pour the water, which is the kidney and the heart, that's a relationship. Because we know if a heart has too much fire, you need the water, right? So how can you increasing the water levels? How can you increasing the kidney functions? Be useless, don't be too useful.

When you be useless, you save the energy, right? Because we say the kidney is the engine, it's the power, give it everything, whole body. Whole body is the energy required from the kidney. As the business model, we say kidney is a COO.

Therefore, if not necessary, I don't wanna do, right? Save your energy, then you'll be able to increasing your kidney function. Now here's the issue, right? If, well, I'm not add one thing, right? For a lot of people, so if you already on the different kind of medication, so you have to understand the medication might destroy or might stimulate or might limit your kidney function or liver function. So if I based on this two concept, look at the chart, what do you see? You see the entire new relationship, right? You see the kidney cannot be support the heart.

And then the kidney cannot support the liver. And the liver cannot support the heart. So if I do the kidney, heart and the liver in this triangles, I create a different triangles, right? Understand that what I try to tell you guys, that's called all the possibility at the day.

Now, if I found in the other information, which is in the Western way, say, is unrelated to your hormone out of balance. Hormone out of balance, right? The hormone. So in the Chinese medicine, which organ control? Which organ is the primary organ control the entire body's the whole? It's not a heart.

It's the liver and the kidney. Most likely it's the liver, right? Think about it. Each one of you have experienced when your emotional flow free, does your hormone change? Come on, doesn't matter your age.

If you're exciting, if you're happy, if you feel good, your hormone will change. The most faster way is through the liver. So that's why the liver, so unique, so powerful.

They can stimulate it. Your strength can stimulate your hormone, better than any kind of medication. Because it's invisible, because it's the chi, right? Because the liver can change, liver has a capability, even though you cut off the liver for 60%, they still can grow back.

Look at that kind of power. You cannot cut your heart for 60%. Even put the one strain there, you feel you don't have energy now.

You cannot cut your lungs for 60%. Then you shut off the, you cannot breathe anymore. Only liver, you can do it this way, right? Still can grow back.

So therefore you have to see this apart, right? That's what I just say, based on the Western concept. Now I'm turning to different angle to you guys, follow me. Let me show you how to turn Eastern angle.

What is the Eastern angle? Consciousness. The consciousness is a Chinese medicine, it's essence. So we say, if you cannot sleep, sleeping issue, right? Sleeping issue has many different way.

The first way is sleeping, means your body off the balance, right? It's off the balance. So if I can bring you back to the balance, you would be easier sleep, smoothly sleep. It's a balance.

Daytime and nighttime is what? It's a balance. It's Yin and Yang. You see the powerful of the Yin-Yang can use now? Now the Yin-Yang principles in this sleeping concept, what do you see? Balance.

Daytime and the nighttime. Action, motion, moving, and the lie down on the bed is Yin and Yang. It is Yin and Yang, right? So how to balance, which is exactly, how to balance? So don't think the Western way now is related to the heart.

It's a thing about how can I start the balance? As long as my body can balance, my body can start heal itself. Now go back to the same concept again, called the repair. The body knows how to repair.

The repair itself is a package deal, is inherited wisdom. Body will do whatever needed to do to repair itself. To what? To prepare the future, the challenge.

Understand what I tried to tell you guys? Because the body always looking for tomorrow, unlike the mind always stuck in the past. So your body always knows the tomorrow, or day after tomorrow, or year after years. The future, you might need something else.

Your challenge, your life, you need to repair this body part. You need to repair these emotions. Then when you meet this challenge, you'll be able to deal with it.

You'll be able to avoid mistake. So the balance is the key words. So the Yin Yang concept and the circle become so profound in the Chinese medicine, so profound in our five element consciousness balance.

So once understand this balance, you can use this balance to individual organs. We'll go back to it again. Individual organs, individual organs.

Doesn't matter which organ you're gonna start. You can start your digestive system first, your stomach with the spleen. It itself need a balance.

Liver and the gallbladder, it itself need a balance. The kidney and the bladder, it itself need a balance. So that each organ contained their own balance.

The body balance, the emotional balance, the body, the organ with the body parts balance. So for example, if you suffer chronic knee issue, that means that your body already tell you, my kidney has issues, right? So at this time, how can you get a kidney? You shouldn't start with a kidney because the kidney is too low. You have to find the positive side.

You find that you're a strong organ first, not a weakness organ, even though your system is based on the lowest. But you have to use the light, the highest level first. This way, save your time, right? Just like each one of the, you know, when you clean, you start at the worst part first, or you start the easier part first.

And it depends how do you want to see, right? That's right. So you eat the food, you eat the delicious first, or you eat the lousy one first. That's a different thinking, right? Yeah, people will, some people will eat the bad first, and they say to the good, or the last bite.

So last one, you fall, you don't have taste enough. So why not eat the best first? So the least delicious, right? You're thinking differently. So forget, that's just called the balance, right? So your organ balance, once balanced, you can, what we do, the individual organs, now you can make what? Pair get the balance.

You find the individual difficult, okay, so I'm bring my partner, bring the one pair, right? What kind of pair? You can make a mother-child, a Xiangsheng pair, or you can use a Xiangke pair. Right? Bring the partner. You can bring the mother and the child, Xiangsheng.

Right, this time we use a Xiangsheng. Xiangsheng has always a positive concept, right? We bring the Xiangsheng coming in. So once you bring the Xiangsheng, okay, which one is more important? It's up to you, right? The Xiangsheng, they are always supportive.

They always love you, right? The Xiangke is not easy, because the Xiangke always difficult, right? Because someone always point to you, oh, you are no good, you are do this, because they are control you. They try to control you. But only few people can go beyond the control, become cooperation, become transform.

But most people in the life, in the situation, their organ doesn't reach that level, even though they are capable to perform at this level, but they are not. They stuck in control. But they are all out of control.

So whatever called out of control is mean, they are the responsibility, are the cooperation and the relationship. So if you find the two pairs, Xiangsheng, Xiangke difficult to do, then you have to bring one. You have to bring three organs into the circle, right? Then you make a circle.

Why you make a circle? No beginning, no end. The circle is a concept of the Dao, because that's everything, it's the circle. Into this circle, into the self-repair circle.

So you have to bring this one in. So all what you do this way is in these five elements, you are up to you. How do I choose the partner? How do I choose the relationship, the purpose? Go back to the consciousness of purpose is what? Balance, right? How can you start to keep the body balanced? Once the body can keep the balance and the body can heal itself, the goal is we know body knows how to heal yourself.

We know body contain the self-repair. Only difference is the level of the balance. The level of the balance, right? That is the Chinese medicine concept.

The other kind of Chinese medicine concept is this. We know if a sleeping issue, that means your mind not stabilized, right? Your mind still like a wave, high, low, high, low, high, low, like constantly is moving. But if we can make the mind be stabilized, be stabilized, be peace, right? Now this time it's the peace, stabilized.

Does the sleeping quality will change? We always say I want to sleep, stay there and all the way, whole night through, even without moving, right? Stabilized, right? Stabilized. So listen to me why I say this again to test you guys. Stabilized doesn't move.

It's a consciousness level. It's a consciousness that doesn't move. Among five elements, these elements, which element contained the stabilized consciousness? Which element? Earth, right? We don't want every day have the earthquake, right? When earthquakes, the earth is not stabilized.

Earth always stay there, doesn't move. So the earth is the number one stabilized consciousness. Doesn't move.

Sometimes water become number two, doesn't move. Peaceful, right? You go to the beach, you see that the water just smooth there and it makes you so peace. Why some people, when you go there and walk on the beach, you feel so good.

Consciousness of the water make you open, make you peace, but also make you move smoothly, right? So if that is, that is, the other concept in our Chinese medicine, in five element consciousness framework, it is your responsibility to enhance the balanced digestive system, which is your stomach and the spleen, right? It's your responsibility to make this organ stronger, balanced. Why? Because you want the consciousness of stillness. Understand this concept now? So based on this concept, also can use that for sleeping issues.

Because the sleeping issue, just each organ, they are vibrated, they are not peace. So you want the base, you want this one thing toning in and then nothing can move. Earth is the base, right? Toning in to this one, nothing can move.

That's the second concept of the peace. Each organ has a peace, has their own peace. We know the wood difficult to get a peace, right? So the wind constantly moving, but the gallbladder, gallbladder is the major organ to contain the peace.

For rose doesn't have a gallbladder, they definitely have issues of the sleep. They definitely have issues for meditation because they missing the organ. Number three, that's in the other way.

So everything, we can do the peace, we can do the balance, we can do the peace concept. In the other way, we can do releasing the concept. So why you cannot sleep? Because of too much things in your mind, right? If we can delete the mind, just like when you write something at the computer, and the way you do, you drag it to the treasure, drag it there, and then hit the button, delete.

Can you imagine every night, we can go to the computer, delete, you know, think about our mind, go here, go here, and then delete, send out, woo, your mind gone, right? I always dream that one day every store has this, go there, do you like this? No, no, no, no, no, and delete, your mind totally delete, right? So think about delete, releasing, smooth out in five element framework. Which organ deal this? Which organ is the most powerful organs can help you releasing things? Liver, finally go back to our liver, so that's why I love the liver, because to releasing is easier, to increasing is not easy, it's not easy, to eliminate it is easy. So if we can allow our liver function smoothly, then therefore all these emotions just coming in and come out, nothing stay, how good you are, right? They just one year, just like someone said, do you understand me? Do you hear me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I hear you.

They didn't hear, you didn't hear anything, just in and out, right? I hear you, I hear in, I hear out, so I hear you doesn't mean I know, right? I hope it's not the whole class, it's not that kind of ending, right? You hear me, just one word in, one ear in, the other ear out, you hear me, right? Go through you, that's right, go through you, right? I love the story, you know, then the monk eating, the monk hungry, monk drink, the monk suppose he's a vegetarian, so the monk can drink the wine, the monk will eat the meat. My goodness, everyone look at this monk, look at the master, master, you are Buddhist, how can you do this against your religion? He just laughing, he say, hey, that just materialized, the wine and the meat consume me, only Buddha will stay. Look at that kind of level, right? Everything is true, only Buddha can stay, that thing's never gonna stay inside of you, your body just like a hollow tunnel, like a tunnel, just pass you, just pass by you.

But if we can train our body, allow our emotions just through us, how good is it? What we can do, what's the easiest step we can do this? Change the belief, right? The belief change, emotional change, then you won't be stuck, your emotions, right? You won't stuck at the comparison, everything is a comparison, you're good, I'm bad, you're rich, I'm poor, you're pretty, I'm ugly, everything comparison, you have a big house, I'm small bungalow, so you drive the big SUV, I'm just drive the Toyota, you know, it's comparison, if no comparison, there's no headache, there's no problem. So that's why Zhuangzi tell us, it's life, there's so many areas, it's not the human efforts can control, why not? Just be peaceful, accept, right? So if we can use this concept, Daoist concept, apply for this kind of flow freely, then we also can deal the sleeping issues, because something doesn't flow freely, stuck. Invisible part is emotions, visible part is what? Constipation, so if you have a constipation, you definitely will have a difficult for sleep, because the colon has a special relationship with your brain, I said one more time, your colon have a special relationship with your brain, which is today in the Western medicine hasn't understand yet, if they understand this, that's the other business can open up, you should real thinking this way, so powerful of the colon, and so powerful of the lung.

So that's why our practice Qigong, if you see that, they say liver has to rise, the lung has to go down and turn to the circle, left side up, right side down, see the yin and yang turning, right? When you can turn, when you can move, and nothing will stay, then your body will be what? Peaceful, if you can eliminate any noise, noise, unreal, unreal information, just like today, so many people go to the internet, watch the news, the news is not real news anymore, it's made the news, now you make yourself confused, right? Unnecessary, so you see, all right, I'm gonna to just, you see, I'm just, they are still have a couple more, that's much deeper, I'm not gonna go there, so just by this concept, now you can see, what you learned, the five element consciousness framework, just based on this concept, simple, the most important events and sleep, how do you can start your own natural healing? It's up to you, there are so many choices, right? There's so many choices, so for me, right, now I have to go back to, for me, all right, I still prefer, I love organs, so that's why it's my system, that's why, it's not just, it's already in my blood now, so naturally, because in the thousand, in order to receive, you must let it go, you see that? So even though I can use the Xiangsheng, Xiangke, Xiangsheng, I get it from the mother, Xiangke, try to control someone, even I can use this, I still have to empty myself, so how to empty myself? Release it, so to release it, to allow the flow, is the first requirement, without let it go, you never can receive, so the liver is the first priority, so the liver function always first, so if you guys, if you wanna do this, you better start with the partner first, start with the digestive system, and with the liver, make these two paired, even though at the physical level, they look like it's a Xiangke, right? Look like it's a Xiangke, but you have to remember, you remember, at the consciousness level, it's the liver's responsibility, I say this one more time, at the consciousness level, it's the liver's responsibility to help the stomach discover the capability, the potential, to make life become more profound. If you believe your life still contains so many possibilities, and ability you haven't discovered yet, focus on the liver, because it's the liver's duty to make the stomach change, right? So that's why I love to use the liver, it's my system, which is not my system, I learned this system, always go through this way, and it became easier to see the benefit. So when you are sleeping, the one of the 50% important self-healing, or called health requirement, be accomplished, then your body knows how to repair itself, how to heal yourself, may you be able facing to the many different levels, the physical and emotional challenges.

That's enough for today, we can open up any questions? Alrighty, please raise your hand if you have any questions, okay, I can't see who you are, PW701, oh Joe, Joe and crew, it's us. You're on. So Master Liu, it was interesting to listen to you talk about not sleeping, and then saying you wear the mask, which I assume you're talking about sleep apnea.

That's right. Interesting, in sleep apnea, usually people have no trouble falling asleep, they'll fall asleep with the light, waiting for the light. That's not, like a lot of times we think about sleeping problems, we can't fall asleep.

They can fall asleep, they can stay asleep, but they supposedly don't dream. So probably they don't process, they wake up tired. How much different is that than the people who can't fall asleep? Like they fall asleep, they can't fall asleep.

They're up, as opposed to, I've got sleep apnea, I can fall asleep listening to something so interesting as this, I can still fall asleep. But those other people can't fall asleep, what is the difference between that, is it just? They can't fall asleep, it means that they can, just like you cannot, you cannot get, just like, you know, just like go to the bar, has a party, you can't get in. Once they get in, they never listen.

They just sit in the corner, drink the wine, and they forget it. Thinking this way, do I make sense? You can fall asleep, that means you've met the requirement, your body balance, you're okay to make a first enter, you enter the gate, you can sleep, your body quiet, you can go, but you cannot stay too long, why? The body start to heal, right? Once you go to sleep, then the body start processing. Sleeping is not sleeping, sleeping just the stage of the other kind of walking.

Guys, you have to understand, yin and yang, when the body lie down, look like yin, where's the yang? Invisible part, body start processing, body start doing many different levels of communication with the outside, you think it's your body? Or you think of the, look at the, you know, the sci-fi movies, something lie down there, and then the other part, and then try to repair and give the information, upgrade the software. Right? So if your body get sleep, then after sleep, your body start to heal, start to prepare, then until certain level, because the inside of some organs doesn't meet the requirement, when the body need to repair until different levels, then run out of qi, run out of gas. Doesn't have enough gas, the qi deficiency, then body suddenly just system disconnect, power off, then wake up.

Then once wake up, some people difficult go back because the second time, you cannot re-entrance, then just like a ticket, only not another multiple entrance ticket, you only can enter once, right? Well, what's happening with the sleep apnea problem? They can fall asleep, they can stay asleep, but they wake up like they never slept. No, that's what you see. They look like they never sleep, right? They never sleep, it means that they never sleep what they think should be clear, because that means that that person owe too much of the energy of death.

Whatever the energy body have to prepare, you're behind, you're so many energy go to the prepare, pay your interest, you have nothing left. So you wake up and it still doesn't feel fresh, because most of the energy during the sleep with the guys continue fix the problem, fix the older problem, then every day he or she facing to the new challenge. They never tell the whole story, right? So anyone go to the sleeping, the sleeping doctors want to know their emotions, want to know their people, so want to know the child, you know, child pay.

They doesn't want to know all of these things. Do they want to know? They don't, right? So they don't care, that's not the issue. Issue is separate, but you have to look at that person suffer and the big issues, he or she need a challenge, he need more energy to challenge it, next day wake up the energy.

The body doesn't support, that's what I look at. Thank you. So are you saying that the accumulation of all our emotions basically prevent the body's natural repair system from working optimally? Yes, yes, everything what you've done to yourself, they are not just like automatically disappear.

You don't want to know doesn't mean they are disappear. You just have to pay sooner or later and the different levels Okay, hi Anne, go ahead. Thank you Master Lu, this is a wonderful talk.

What about movement during sleep? Somebody who can get to sleep, but then finds themself maybe being awakened by movements, even like Shagong movements, I mean, or movements and stretching in different ways, what does that signify? Deep pain, so that's why I'm just to say that deep pain, you know, so that's why deep pain that the person in the dream is the level, you have to understand, sleep, don't look at the sleeping, you don't do anything, sleep is the nyada levels, nyada level of activity. This activity, in our activity, our wake up activity, only deal three dimensional level. The sleeping has to deal four dimensional level.

So how do you know why you were sleeping when you do this? It's not to try dancing with the ghost. Yeah. Or dancing with your spirit, or dancing with someone you loved before or past life.

I'm just making up the whole thing, you understand? You don't know because sleeping is allow your consciousness or spirit sometimes out the body experience, right? So that's why in the sleep, the state of the sleeping, you can manipulate the time and manipulate the space. How can you put all of this someone or your grand grand mothers already died, or your teacher or the somebody all together in the party is impossible, but possible in your dream? Nothing's impossible in your dreams. That's right.

Nothing's impossible in the dream, you cannot in the reality you cannot convince somebody, right? Give you a story. You cannot convince somebody need to do, but in the dream, you find that that person and then meet your grandmother and then your grandmother say something and then the person will listen. How can that happen? You created this possibility, allow these things happens and the next week that you go there, you're suddenly the person change.

You don't understand the change and then something happens because what happens. That's amazing, yeah. Because we don't know, that's why I say do not, do not look asleep, just sleep.

It's one of so unique, how do I explain? I don't know how to explain this, so unique activity in the human beings. We haven't truly understand this meaning. What's the true meaning behind this activity? It's activity.

We think that's a very important, right? We think take herb do this important. Sleep is better than take herb, if you have a good sleep because sleep is natural. The herb is a natural, but also it's not natural.

You understand what I say? But your definition of good sleep then can mean movement or not movement, it can mean anything. That's right, doesn't matter. The movement just to say, oh, my body need this way.

For what, for how, you don't know because you don't have memory. Number one, you don't have a capability how to use. This is just like sleeping is a different kind of qigong movement.

You have to learn that knowledge hasn't been disconnected, lost for centuries. There's no school teach you how to sleep, but we don't need to learn, right? Your mother never need to teach you how to sleep. When you're born as a baby, baby never need to learn how to sleep.

When the baby need to sleep, to what? To grow, right? So thinking this, baby need to sleep to grow. Then why? Why we discriminate ourselves and say, oh, you are old, you are old age now, you need less sleep. Why are you discriminated? The more I sleep, the more I turn to the baby, that means I'm what? I'm longevity, I'm return.

Why you're not thinking this way? Why you have to put yourself associated with old? Doesn't make sense. Thank you. You're welcome.

That's it. Thank you, Anne. There are a few references in the chat when we go back to the release stage of sleep.

If liver is the first requirement, where does the lung and the colon come in? Why aren't they the first requirement? That's a different kind of subject I'm going to give you guys later. That's much deeper because the constipation is one of the second topic. It's difficult.

You think you are constipated? No, your mind constipated. But people always say my constipation is my colon issue. No, your mind constipated, your breath has colon constipated.

Cost, mind cost, emotion cost. That's what we learn, right? Yin and yang. So you're always looking for invisible, not always stuck in the visible.

The visible just give you your guidelines, give you your hands, let you see, oh, that's the area, that's the issue. But the real issue always behind. The real issue always at invisible level.

So we try to learn the five element framework. At least this framework give us guidelines give us the blueprints to see what is the real truth behind the activity. So the tendency is to jump to the visible before seeing the invisible.

So if you see the liver first, that's the real power. No, the liver is not the liver, just like our system. That's why I say in our system, I love the liver as the ancient part because the liver always related to all the emotions.

It's all the chi. So that's why the, you can start with the colon part, you know, eliminate it, but you still need the liver to do that because it's a big real problem. It's not that you have constipated because it's the mind constipated.

Good morning, Tom. Morning. So is there any benefit to sleeping during the day? Yes.

Do you get the same result as sleeping at night? You have, depend on the level, but depend on your level, right? The sleeping, we just say sleeping is the activity. So the activity happens. It has nothing to do with the daytime and the nighttime.

It's the level of what you, in this activity, what you be able to accomplish. You understand? It's your level, your chi level, your body's balance level, and also your consciousness level. How much would you reopen? How much your consciousness mind change? How much your belief change? If you doesn't believe the spirit, you doesn't believe beyond the time and space, then you even sleep in the daytime.

You just piece of meat and sleep. You need a rest. But if you believe that that's the Neanderthal opportunity, me, at that moment, a nap, even 10 minutes nap, right? I can freshen myself.

That's different, right? So therefore, your purpose is different. Your consciousness is different. Now, the outcome will be different.

So when we talk about sleep, you mentioned that when we wake up, it's because we have an energy deficiency and we wake up. However, how do you know you had enough sleep? I mean, because sometimes you sleep four or five hours. Sometimes you sleep eight hours.

How do you know what's, how does the body know what's enough? The body knows. Only mind doesn't know. The body knows that enough, you wake up.

So whatever you wake up, if you wake up, you can start a life, start a new day, feel fresh. It's cool. If you wake up and say, oh, I got it, not enough.

You're gonna go, oh, go back to the day. Maybe you know you're not enough. Your body is saying, no, I'm just not enough, right? Maybe you just lie down there.

You don't do lie down there and still texting someone and checking your email. Then you're screwed, right? You're supposed to lie down there, real dream of your future. That might be better, right? All right, thank you.

Okay. Good morning, Nora. Good morning.

This has been amazing. I think I have to get rid of this one, thank you. Hi, Master Liu.

Hi, everybody. There's still an echo? No, you're okay. Okay, thank you.

I think that this, the idea of sleep is like a portal to me somehow from what you've been saying that we go through this portal to this magical place with boundaries that we're used to disappear. Anything and everything can happen. The last questions were wonderful because I find myself falling asleep, sitting up frequently, watching television and I'm just out.

I have no idea what I've missed can happen repeatedly. And what I'm taking from this is to not have a negative attitude towards what's happening, but somehow just let it be. That's right.

So you still wake up and watch the television. That means you still want the more. You're very greedy.

You're thinking you don't get enough. I'm sorry, can you repeat that? Yeah, you wake up and still watch the TV. So that means you wake up and still want the information.

So that means you still want the more. You want the more information. It can happen at seven in the evening.

I mean, it's- Yeah, that's right. That's right. So one day you should wake up and doesn't see the TV in front of you, just some kind of flower in front of you.

I think it will be better. That's lovely. All right, thank you.

I feel like there's just a lot to think about and somehow just let be, not put my Western mind on this. I also think things changing constantly. So sleep happens, the same thing can look externally, but it's a different process inside today, tomorrow.

And if we try to put a very distinct, discrete definition on it, we're losing some of those possibilities. I mean, that's what I'm feeling now. That's right.

Thank you. We're gonna move on. We have a few more questions.

Tom and Tanya. First of all, my dog determines how much sleep I've had. So- That's wonderful, right? So therefore you should communicate with your dog and make a team effort and say, honey, I need more.

And you cannot speak the language to the dog. Dog doesn't listen English. Dog is a bilingual, you understand? The dog is based on the feelings.

So if you can pass the information through your thought, your dog will pick up. Okay, I'll tell her she can't go to the bathroom right now. No, she can go.

You put the different dogs and let them lay out. Yeah, right. So you're training the dog at the different ways.

Okay. The real question I have regarding this topic is when we talk about REM sleep, is that also a reflection of the level of Qi that is going on, the quality of Qi? Yes. That's always required the quality.

It's called the quality of the sleep. It's the quality of the sleep, right? But the quality of the sleep still depends on the purpose. It's the purpose of what you need.

So the body knows how much sleep what you need to pay off your energy debt, to repair the future you might face into the challenge. Understand the concept? It's two things the body knows, deal the past and deal the future and meet this moment. So you have to ignore this kind of power what you inherited with this body.

Okay. Thank you. Shannon.

Good morning. Good morning. So interesting that Tom just asked about REM because that was my question.

If we're experiencing REM while doing Qi Gong, so is that a rapid liver release because it's the eye movement, rapid eye movement during a Qi Gong practice? I shouldn't give you this kind of answer. I just say then whatever happens is for good. Okay, but we're able to access potentially at times as a restorative sleep state in an awakened state.

You cannot say this directly, just to say you have a potential. Okay. Don't try, I'm telling you guys, you have to learn this.

Don't try to find the final answer. Once you define the final answer, you are limit. Okay.

Every answer is a circle. Every circle is outside the circle. Every time what you know, there's unknown behind, unknown in front of you.

You would rather say that don't know because then you can continue. Okay. Thank you.

Good morning, Fran. Hi, Master Lu. Thank you so much.

This is a really important topic for me. I was thinking about when I do wake up and I have trouble going back to sleep and I wake up at different times or sometimes I can't fall asleep. Sometimes I wake up too early.

Is the time that you wake up, does that help determine what you might do while you're awake? Like maybe I should stay in bed and meditate or maybe I should get up and read. They always say get up and read, don't stay in bed too long. No, for you, you should get up and practice because you practice Qi Gong.

So you have to use Qi to reset the pattern. It's a pattern, right? You have all the pattern. The pattern is a habit.

It's all the habit. It can be related to your emotions, which is definitely related to your emotions. And also, excuse me, related to your body levels.

So if you are constantly doing this, then you have to find which way, what is the natural way can help you reset, right? The most natural way to reset is go back to your Qi Gong practice. Because Qi knows is that you'll read. What do you read? You read the more knowledge.

The more knowledge what you have, the more worried you are, the more thinking you are, right? You should be trying to believe the more things, then you become useless. Now there are different Qi Gong movements. Can I pick something that feels right? It doesn't matter.

Just do whatever what you needed to do. Yeah, you just do whatever you can do. You just want to see, you just want to use Qi Gong practice to help you break the pattern.

Thank you. Thank you, Fran. All right.

Just two reminders before we sign off today. This is our last Saturday meeting of the sessions. We are going to move to Monday nights starting May 5th at 7 o'clock PM Eastern time.

If it turns out that that's inconvenient for you, please know that the recordings are available. And if you have any specific questions, you can always post them in the community. So for next week, we will see you hopefully on Monday night for Master Liu and Joe Kessler's discussion on high blood pressure.

And of course now this group, especially we'll have greater benefit because we understand some of the angles that you're coming at. So thank you very much, both of you for offering that course. All right, Master Liu.

Thank you. All right, so everybody have a good sleep or you want to fix your problem. It's not a good sleep.

You have to take this opportunity to appreciate it, to appreciate that your body still knows this capability, these events or this movement to help yourself, to help yourself repair, right? It's the most, the most important events behind everything where you try to do or you want to do. All right, thank you very much. Now I'm gonna see you next class.

Make sure you guys do the homework, all the tasks, all the things that we talked about before, you better prepared. Otherwise, you might feel lost, all right? So I'm just gonna dump everything into this one. That's it.

Thank you. See you next week. See you.

See you. Thank you. Nice to see you.

Thanks very much. Thank you. Have a great weekend.

Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you for everything, thank you.

Thank you. Have a good weekend, everyone. Yes, have a good weekend.

Yeah.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements 9th Call 4.26.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements Anti Aging 5.19.25.txt ----
Hey, here we are again, guys, welcome. And tonight we're gonna talk about the fountain of youth in one hour. Master Liu, we want the whole secret to the fountain of youth in 60 minutes.

Ready? Go. Okay. Since you guys invest your time, invest your energy.

So finally, that will be the today's, the last course, it's conclusion say, what do you gonna to use all you learned for yourself? It's difficult, right? To say you have so many powers, all of these five element consciousness framework, right? In order, now the question is here, in order to use this framework wisely, the key is you must be, must be flexible. You must be flexible. So you must be used, not based on the rational mind, not just based on the rational mind.

Otherwise, this framework is called that, then you just use as the information. So we try the many different ways. On the first one, we put is the sleeping language.

Then we have pain, then we have the information. All of these, that's you guys to see, what's the purpose? What's the foundation? There are always has the foundation, right? There's always as the circle. So that's why the five element consciousness framework, if you will see, there's no beginning, there's no end.

Every element can be as the enter gate. You have to think it, every element as the enter gates, allow you enter this five element framework. But this framework also is the enter gate.

The entire framework can be the enter gate, allow you have an opportunity to see, not just a visible wall, but also has invisible wall. Now, how do we use this? For our personal use, right? So they suddenly, oh, what I have to say, I just lost my memory, right? Yes, I'm memory lost. How many times? How many times you thinking you lost the memory? And how many times you have experience to pick up the memory, not directly, it's indirect.

So have you really think, where are they? Where you put them? Where you put your memory? It's not the same you put your memory and send it to the cloud, it's unlimited space. So far you don't have to pay monthly fee, right? You put your memory to where? To the brain? We always thinking it's the brain, it's foolish. Let me tell you, it's not true.

Definitely it's not true, right? It's at the least that you would say, it's not a whole true, it's not a whole true, right? So the memory can be saying that to somewhere, somewhere at there. So the only become, only become when and where and how? How do you want to connect? When you want to connect? And how do you want to connect, right? Have you find it? And sometimes you see your mom, you see your grandma, right? They can't remember in the last minute you tell them, but they can remember 40, 50, 60 years ago and the tiny things. How can that be? Why so far away? Many years ago things they can memorize and immediately they can.

You think, we think it's the short memory. We think, we still think it's the mental. But however, it's not mental.

Let me tell you, can go through the as the Maria said, but unfortunately we haven't truly discussed this Maria's yet because Maria's contained their own memory. It's a data, it's a different data than Maria's contained data, right? Acupuncture points contained information. We think that has to go there.

Why sometimes they can put needles into specific points and suddenly we open up the memory. How come? The Qi flow free, the body become organic whole. So we do the simple way.

I'm not gonna go through this one very deep. I'm just to say, okay, so based on this, we are assuming now we go to the, I go to the you guys concept because that's the Western, right? So we have to use a Western concept. We think of memory related to the mind, related to your brain.

So we use our stuff, five element framework, right? So you use the first piece paper at the first day, you guys have to see that. I know most people just put that on the side. They think it's another important, but I tell you, it's a very important.

Yeah, you don't pay attention, you're lost, right? Maybe that's what I say. Memory we're assuming is about brain because the brain is not in this framework. Because the brain is not in this framework, but I give you a piece of paper tell you brain can relate to the actual organs in Chinese medicine.

They put the brain or head, right? They put the brain, it's called the actual organs. They are organs, not organs, they are bones, not bones. They are one of the special, one of the special unique organs, still brain is organs.

So we all thinking it's a mystery in the brain, mystery never in the brain because it's still visible. But however, I'm still follow this concept called the visible as the brain. So the brain in Chinese medicine related to the kidney function, right? So the brain related to the kidney.

To stimulate that your brain function are related to the kidney function. But the kidney function also related to what? To your hormonal function, your age. Now we'll talk about that.

Age, end time age, right? Does anyone have the experience of your age processing? From the kindergarten to the middle school, now what, high school? Once at the high school, what's happening? Does anyone have a good memory? At the beginning, all the girls, their grade is better than the guy, right? You're so good, you can straight A the guy, you look at the guys, they're so dumb, right? They only get a B plus. And until high school, suddenly all the guys, boom, their grade change. How come? How come? Does anyone really thinking that? What's happening for the brain function to understand? Now think of this, to understand the information, to know how to processing the information, how to use their brain, brain function wisely.

It's related to the kidney function. For the woman, seven years is a cycle. For the man, it's eight years is a cycle.

Until 14, it's a second cycle. What's happening? Your period come, your hormonal change, your reach to the pivot. The guy has to wait two more years until 16.

But today, I mean, definitely, because the food, you know, hormone, you know, there's so many junk food, hormones, food, and meats. They stimulate this earlier. So you might see this, right? Because the kidney has so unique, then your memory as the function at the day related to the kidney function.

Now here has one more thing, because we haven't used yet, we haven't discussed yet, which is the meridian's location, right? We say space and the time. Location, location, location. So the head is that location.

The two of the major meridians run through the head. One is the bladder. One is the gallbladder.

The two of the major one, then definitely has one of the, the other one is called the major one, is the sanjiao meridians. That's all in your head. So the meridians we say is the what? It's the pathway of the qi.

It's the network between physical body and energetic body to allow your body to communicate outside yourself. So the meridians, the function, meridians, the speed of the meridians is fastening the light, right? We think the light is the fast. No, that's not true.

The meridians, 10 times more faster than the light, speed of the light. And so that's why can allow you, allow you, allow our body can communicate, can receive the message or order from outside the space. Outside of ourself.

Now based on this, so we say, if everything what I say is the truth, it's the kidney function. How do we deal? Now we use the five element, we say, okay, now you have a memory issue, right? So the memory issue, how do we deal with the memory issue? So the memory is the kidney, right? So who is the mother of the kidney? So you need a support, the lung. The lung need a support, right? So now if you have so many lung issue, chronic cough, constantly to do this, right? You have a lung issue, you have a skin issue, you have all of this, and then even you have a colon, right? Lung and the colon is a partner.

So if you have a colon issue, you are constipated. Now look at this, what's happening? The mother cannot give enough energy to the child. So which means your brain function missing the energy, just like a power.

Now your computer, yeah, we are on the internet, suddenly you look at the, oh, I run out of power, so you need to find the connections, right? So charge, you need a power. But the power comes from the mother. However, so if you look at the other angle, say, okay, so who can support the relationship? Earth, which is your stomach digestive system, right? So if, so go to the if again, you have a lousy digestive system.

So how can you support your kidney function? Now think of this, how can you support the kidney function? So you cannot support your kidney function, then you definitely, your memory will be totally lost. So the third thing over here, you have to see yourself before the memory issues start. There's so many areas associated with kidney function.

So the first piece of paper, you guys should read again, again, and again, that's all the information and the pieces are there to tell you earlier warning signs. Thinking this, if you already have a bone loss, so what does that mean? You have a bone loss, you have a kidney function loss, so you will, you will have a memory loss, just as soon or later, right? So think of this, how can you have a bone loss? How can you have a bone loss? Does anyone look at the Discovery Channel? We find a mummy, we dig at the, you know, the Samoan under the ground for hundreds, couple of thousands of years, the bone's still there. They dead, they died for hundreds years, but bone's still there.

You lie, you already start to lose your bone. What's happening? Does anyone really think in this way? Are you alive or dead? Cool, right? So you really need to think what's going on for your body, right? So that's, we only look at these two, mother and the support relationship. Now, how about the child of the kidney? What is liver? Does anyone doesn't have a stress today? As long as you have a stress, you have a quantitative stress, emotional stress.

I know today not many people have a physical stress. Most of what we have is emotional stress, right? We make that, right? We fake it, right? We have, we use our creativity to create the stress, right? Our own imagination to create the more stress. So every time when you have a mental stress, a physical stress, emotional stress, what does that mean? That means your kidney, liver energy gonna drop.

So what's happening? They suck out the energy from the kidney, right? Now go to the heart. The heart is the worst part. Number one, if number one killer is the heart disease, so what does that mean? That means the heart constantly, constantly request the energy support, right? In order to keep the peaceful mind, peaceful heart, you will constantly request the kidney.

So, hey, I need more support. But kidney say, no, I'm a run out of gas. How can I support you? I even cannot support myself.

I'm fear, right? The modern life is based on the fear. The modern life is not based on the faith. Modern life is based on the fear.

Everything is insurance. Everything in the future is connected to the wrong things. Bad things might happen.

And you be taught, we be taught. You are, once you getting old, the problem will happens. The body will going down, right? So therefore you buy this kind of concept.

Then you constantly, you constantly go to the internet and try to put yourself match for the bad. You are not go to find the good. See, how can I match? How many areas I'm so good? No.

So therefore, you will constantly put this kind of fear energy to your kidney itself. How do we treat? Sleep. So that's why first time.

Why? Because that's the way we say everything happen for reason. In order body can heal itself. Body, what? Body knows how to repair.

So the sleeping become number one. We say, how can you have a good sleep? There are many different ways, right? Releasing the stress, that's only one way. Inner peace, that's the heart.

That's the second way, right? Otherwise, the staying between heaven and the earth increasing more G, you become. The other way, go to the earth. Go to the center.

Stabilize. Be center. Be peace, right? There are many different ways can create healthy and very, I will use the word.

So what kind of words? Quality sleep, right, we say. Very quality, you're sleeping. The outcome has to be quality, not the quantity.

We know how many people sleeping there for hours to wake up and still feel tired. Well, the quality is so low, right? You need a good quality, called a power nap. Close your eyes, couple minutes, even couple seconds.

Snore immediately, how good it is. What's happening? Hey, you're gone, that's good, okay? You're immediately, two minutes your body can reset, right? If you really want to do this, the first one is go to a, go to the sleep. That's the number one, right? That's what we say that this one.

Number two is what? We say that which is, I think it's the last class. We talk about how can we avoid overuse the energy, right? Each organ can overuse the energy. You see that each organ, they have the young energy.

If they overuse, then what's happening? They create the heat. The heat will create the what? They create inflammation. The inflammation with what? Burning your energy down.

So when if your energy drop, what's happening? They take all the energy too, away. Then your kidney doesn't have enough. The chi.

So how can you have the same good memory? You see the whole concept? So therefore, the two ways to understand, right? This memory associated with the what? Kidney function, number one. Then also associated with the Marines. Godbrother and the brother.

So if it's a godbrother, what's happening? Do you have a lower back pain? Do you have a back pain? Do you have a knee pain? Do you have a heel pain? You see, all of this is what? It's the signs of the brother function disorder. So all of these things give us, if we real care the memory, then we should real care all the symptoms in our body, right? All the symptoms are just like a puzzle. They are going to happen just sooner or later.

How do you? Almost like ingredients. So ingredients are already on the table, depending on what kind of food you want to make up. You want to make it Mexican food? It's the ingredients.

How do you use? You want to make it the authentic Chinese food or Italian food? It's all up to you. It's the same ingredients. The process is different, right? So the memory, even though memory, we associate the memory is anti-aging.

It is not true. It means if your body doesn't take care of yourself, if you don't put the effort to keep the minutes, call the minutes of the body, then the memory will happens. That is one particularly, called the particularly activity of the brain.

Activity of the brain. Means what? Activity of your qi. It's the qi.

So the name from generally speaking, if we don't call the memory is the brain function, then we will call the memory is the qi function deficiency, right? Most likely, the young kids doesn't have a memory, right? Because they have a tremendous qi, see? So that's why we say, oh yeah, memory loss is anti-aging, but we never look at the, it's the qi deficiency. Has nothing to do your anti-aging. Has nothing to do your age change.

It's doing, you don't keep it yourself. Keep the same called the function yourself. Even at the same age, your age can change, become older, but you don't need it.

You still need the memory, but the memory will be functioning totally different. Based on the activity, based on your kidney function, based on your entire organs function, mainly based on your how to use this five element framework to create the teams, to create the partners to support your kidney function. Now, since memory is the one of the area called the anti-aging, right? I know we are going to become aging because no one can stop the aging.

You know, sometimes you go to internet, they say, oh foolish, there's one kind of herb. You take this, guarantee you when you was 80 years old, your skin will be like a 16. Foolish.

It's a totally lie, right? If someone have that kind of power, pharmaceutical will bite you off, right? Why they not give it to the king, give it to the queen, give it to the president, give it to the rich people. They'd be more rich. Why they have to put the YouTube click, right? Why you have to go to this YouTube? Doesn't make sense, right? So you guys have to, were you thinking, if, now if, a time, the aging, what is called aging? Now we go to this concept again, aging.

Life have cycles, cycles, right? It's a cycle. So if we based on this cycle, so in this cycle, how does your body functions? How does your body functions? So why most people, right, most people only two pair of the teeth, right? So have you seen someone have three pairs? Very, not many people have a chance to see, to meet somebody, have a chance for the third pair. Why? Time.

They don't have enough time, go to the other cycles, what we call the circle, life circles. You don't have, you don't need it, even though you say, oh, my age already 120, but your body doesn't meet the requirement. So therefore, even age, you enter this, but an image doesn't meet this requirement.

So therefore, doesn't happens. The image. So the bottom line is still, aging is related to the image.

It's not related to the time. It's like an empty car. If you take care of this car, they still run.

If you don't take care of the car, if a new car still doesn't run, so you have to take care of the body. So how to take care of the body? Go back to your five elements again. Why we say that each organs has their own rules.

They must follow. Then still go back to the concept. How's your sleep? Just based on how's your sleep can determine you are anti-aging.

People always ask me, my patient always say, doctor, do you have a secret recipe for the skin? I say, yes, I do. Can I get it? I say, no. How come you have a lousy sleep? Even the best to put your own skin, still doesn't good.

Then you say my skin, my cream, my anti-aging cream doesn't work. No, it's another anti-aging cream doesn't work. You have to understand, even though external, now we go back to the secret over here.

Everything for the external adding in relied on internal body to absorb it. Let me say the one more time. Everything for the external adding in must be meet the requirement, must be of the internal can accept.

Otherwise, still unnatural. Even you put the natural cream to your face, for the body, still is unnatural. I know that's the high level.

So that every day you guys should look at yourself, but am I doing myself unnatural treatment? Yes, because it's external. It's internal. Internal, you say, can you? Now we go back.

Can you, at the consciousness level, give yourselves has domain, has orders. Allow yourselves to understand the new life. See, cells has a new life.

Each cells has own life. But once the cell goes to different organs, they changes their consciousness because organs consciousness. But even organs consciousness different, the organs still have to meet the requirement of the harmony, meet the requirement of the balance.

So the body still has to go through that is called a metabolic function or called the processing the chi. Most likely, we only thinking, or not we only thinking, most likely and most people get the chi is from the food. That's why we're only doing this.

One is to do by food. Second is to continue use whatever the body, what you stored for this many years. So that's why you get a bone loss.

Do you know the bone loss means? You used E equal to MC squared. You transfer the bone become an energy. You have energy there.

You owe somebody's money. So what are you gonna do? You sell your grandmother's ring. You sell your bones, transfer the bone become energy.

You have energy there. But in order the body, in order the body fulfilling their own destiny. So the body must be sell the bone or not gonna transform the bone become the energy.

Think of this, right? Anti-aging, we'll still go back to this anti-aging. The bone is the number one. Why the bones number one? Now we all go back to when we was kids, when we was a child, as a babies.

Now, how does the baby grow? Eat? No, sleep. Baby comes in sleep, right? And during the sleep, they move. And every time they move, they grow, they grow, grow, right? So the baby grow, they grow the bone first, right? The baby doesn't grow the meat first and become a fat baby, no, it doesn't do that.

They have to grow the bone first. Name, grow the meat, grow the muscle, right? The bone grow first. Structure has to change.

So where's the energy come from? You think of this, just for their milk. How can their milk can, if their milk can grow the bone? Then why when you're getting older, you drink the same milk? You can drink more milk if that doesn't grow the bone, the bone still lost. Look at that, what's happening? I'm just crazy.

I'm just solving this question, letting you guys think, you have to think, right? So where do you grow up, right? You grow the body structure, you grow the bone. So all the energy send it to the bone structure first. Your feet grow, you're getting taller.

The feet grow a little bit, the shoes size continue to change. You're getting taller, taller, until the feet doesn't grow anymore. That's it, you stay the same size, right? So you're gaining weight.

So why all the other part can gain, but does anyone continue to gain the shoe size? No! Does the game same, same size? But the clothes can change the size. From medium size, become larger, extra larger, extra, extra larger. They can continue to grow, right? Can you imagine the shoe size grow? Well, so what's the here? What we learn in Thai aging? What we learn is what? The feet, right? You grow the feet, you grow the body.

Then what? When you getting old, it's not the start old in the brain and the head. You old, getting old, feet. So when now the question is, if we really want to take care of the brain function, take care of the entire agency, what do we need to do? We need to take care that the root is the feet.

So that's why you see when we do the morning Qigong, what we do? Our Qigong is marching, right? While we do the marching, our feet, exercise the feet, right? Exercise the root of the life. It's called the root of the life. So as the Tao, right? The Tao, in the religion, even Taoist, the Taoist practice the religion Qigong, they practice Qigong, they don't practice the brain Qigong, even though they know the brain can some kind of Qigong, they don't.

They don't do this. They do the Qigong for the feet, or they call it foot, whatever you call it, both sides. But the left side, right side, it's a little bit different.

The foot is all the seal of the life, of the entire agency. So each one of us must be paid attention. It's not to say how much you put the effort.

Yeah, we put a lot of money to buy the expensive cream. You don't put a lot of money to buy the cream to give you effort. You don't.

You even doesn't, if you can massage a little bit, oh, they say stinking is a waste of time. So every night, please, if you want, these bad things can do so many. I'll give you an example.

You want your face, right? We talk about the entire agency. The one of the best and the simple things to keep the face, skin, moisture, or to avoid the wrinkles is not massage the face. It's massage your foot.

I know, you know, no one will understand this kind of concept, but, and because in this class, I have to say why we learned the yin and the yang, right? We learned yin and yang. We learned the balance and the harmony. We learned the highest and the lowest must be balanced.

If a face on the top of your body, then the foot is the lowest, is under there. Understand? So you give the chi and give the massage to the bottom of the foot. Foot massage, look like nothing to do on your face.

It's 10 times better than to do the face if you like this kind of concept. If you care about your face, then I tell you, that's what you need to do. Can do, can give you many different benefits.

Second things, when we talk about the anti-aging, right? The anti-aging has also, let me put it this way, it's a two level, let me put it this way. One is a materialized level, one is a consciousness level. The consciousness level means, do you still feel the inside of yourself? You have to feel you are still young.

If you already feel yourself is old, then doesn't matter you are going to, because the system doesn't function. Do you understand? The body, this is a system. The how does the body function still is based on what? Consciousness level, because five element framework never change, universal law never change.

You are the child of the universe. So therefore the resource, the resource of today is the same resource as 60, 70, 80 years ago. I'm not saying in the earth, I'm saying outside is the same.

Every 60 years is one cycle, never change, never change. Never change. So what's that going to do for us? If it never change, the resource is still there.

Why? Why we are not capable or able to use this resource to enhance our body? Because we don't know the natural, we are lost. So that's why I go back to again, these five element consciousness framework at least give us a framework if we want to follow the natural law. If you want to follow the natural law.

If you want to use this framework to give yourself less benefit, you can prevent it. Memory loss. You can prevent anti-aging.

What's called, I'm gonna say prevent anti-aging doesn't mean you can stop there, you doesn't getting old. There's no such things, right? Otherwise Jesus would never die. The Buddha would never die.

They have all the laws and the drugs would never die. That's natural law, but however, you won't have this kind of old illness and the disease. You won't look like your skin, your body, like sagging at the end, you wouldn't.

You still will look good, right? You still look good. You look at this still is good. It's a possible and also it's doable.

So with how to become possible and doable, you guys have to do the study. I already give the everything. I think I give the everything, the requirement of each organ, each organ's function.

What is the requirement? You want your skin getting better. So what is the skin related? And the lung, right? The lung control the skin. So what's the relationship between lung with the other organ? You guys have to see.

You have to see this. Because today will be more difficult and the someone, you know, because everyone hold the cell phone. Where's my phone? Yeah, you always have a phone and holding this.

That's a pericardium and the pericardium is coming out to your face, to your brain, constantly give you internal heat. Internal heat, that heat will create information. The heat will burn your moisture.

So no matter how much water you drink, your skin still dry, right? So therefore they can sell expensive cream for you. So you have to understand this kind of things. So you really want to use this concept called the anti-aging.

So we must know answer lies within. That's why we need to study five element consciousness. That's why this five element consciousness work can help us and will help us.

May give us the way to prevent anti-aging. So conclusion, how do we prevent anti-aging? Take care of your feet or take care of your foot, right? Now it's the summer, it's difficult. And the winter, if possible, you should really give yourself massage, warm up, put some cream, some good cream.

So even if you don't have a cream, but at least you need a warm, you need a warm, like a ginger, like a cinnamon. You can buy ginger and cinnamon cloves and this kind of oil mixed together, then give you a foot massage, create a little bit of heat, right? So that can get it. So massage the feet, right? If you already practice Qigong, right? Anti-aging, so they call this.

The qi can flow, the energy can flow. Because of that, the qi can flow will help your kidney function. Kidney is the organ contain all the wisdom of your genetic code.

If you want to use the genetic code wisely. Last one, last one is a fool. I know, so people always want to say, what kind of food am I going to eat? Nuts, right? You want the anti-aging, you want the brain, nuts.

Why? All the nuts is what? Is the center of the show, right? Nuts is inside. Doesn't represent the brain, brain is inside. So therefore, nuts is what? Is the shape, is the similar like inside the brain.

All the nuts, beans, good for the kidney. So you support the kidney, you support the what? You support your brain, you support your heart, you support it with the anti-aging, right? Nuts, I give you one thing, right? You guys all buy apples, pears. Have you seen the worm? When the worm getting in the apple, getting in the pear, where they go? They don't go to the skin.

They go to the center, go to the seed. Immediately they know that's the life that contained all the life of the generation. Next generation of the new pear is contained in the seed.

Right? See, animal knows. Why we don't? We are dumb, we don't use it. You know, we use something, whatever that, you know, they tell you, oh, this is the best, I don't know how to call it, you know, fool for the brains.

They don't understand this concept, right? The concept, concept always the same. What kind of framework? How do we want the seed? And how do we want to use the information? Nuts, right? So guys, eat the nuts. And in the nuts also has a difference.

Even though in the nuts has a difference. So what's nuts is the number one nuts, pine nuts. Why pine nuts? Because a pine tree has a longevity compared for most other trees, right? So therefore, if that tree contain the information, contain the consciousness of the long life, does their nuts contain the same kind of concept? Sure, right? So therefore, pine nuts would be the number one.

Number two is a walnut. If you don't get a walnut, it's too expensive, a peacock, I don't know, same. Walnuts, why? The walnuts, the shape is like a brain, see? So you don't get a consciousness, at least you get a shape and a similarity, right? In a similar, we are in the same family.

So therefore, the pine nuts, walnuts, that's the best nuts. And definitely, you know, other nuts, all the nuts is good, but these two is, in my opinion, is the best. And the second one is all the beans, right? Different kind of soy, right? The black beans.

So all the beans, all the beans contain the nuts and the beans, that is the number one, right? Even you go down for the sesame seeds, black sesame seeds, white sesame seeds, they are also good. Also is very good, right? So eat more nuts. So now the question is, if you're allergic to the nuts, that means you're allergic to what? To the life, right? So thinking the same concept.

So what is happening? They give you a sign saying, this area, if you want to fix, if you concern your anti-aging, your memories, you better fix these problems, right? You better fix these problems. That's what I say, right? You want vegetarian, you don't want to kill the animals, go to the nuts, go to the seeds. I think that should be done, right? So you got the food, you got the point, you got the concept, you got the theories, you got the secrets, you got everything.

Now, so we know continues, and the most important is the practice, the qi, right? The qi is more important. You see someone, she don't practice good or not good, look at the face, look at the body shape. If you practice qigong, your back is still turned down, it's lousy, because your back straight, that's your back straight, you look from the back of the person.

If they straight up, that means what? The blood lines is good, their kidney is good, then what's happening? Their memory is good, right? Understand the concept, then balance, right? So you have to see the balance, how good they are. Now you have to see the flexible, how flexible they are. So all of these couple issues is called the physical outcome issue.

So you have to look at yourself, does my old joint still flexible? Does my every finger still look flexible, right? So you have to look at this concept, then if it has any small issues, we try to fix. Don't wait until become big issues, because everything is connected, right? So that this course give us the answer, everything is connected, even though sometimes you don't know, even sometimes doesn't seem so serious, they are going to affect you sooner or later. It's still going to happens.

I think that should be enough for today, all right? Do I finish the one hour? Oh, almost, that's right, it's pretty damn good. Yeah, we can give you, yeah, because I'm finished that, now you only can have a four minutes to ask question, answer, I know. So how can I answer the questions? All right, that was amazing.

I have to admit between taking notes, I was rubbing my feet a little bit. All right, so please raise your hands if you have questions, jump right in. Go ahead, Alicia.

Hey, I have a question. You said at the beginning that the meridians are inside the body and that's what flows the energy. Can you talk a little bit about the fascia tissue? Because I work a lot with fascia tissue.

And even though I don't know exact meridian points, I'm still coming from a TCM framework. And it's seeming that the fascia tissue, like what do the meridians, I know they sit inside of the body. But when you stimulate a meridian, and I know it's going to an organ and the energy's moving, it seems to me from understanding my work with fascia, that's more the major brain of the body than the brain that's in the head.

Like this seems to be a processor, but somehow the fascia tissue seems to be so deeply, and I know it's all connected, but I'm just trying to understand a certain aspect of the body of how it all connects. How does Chinese medicine look at fascia tissue? But Chinese medicine doesn't have that, that what's called the that category. Okay.

So it doesn't have that category. So the only category you should see that is based on the location. So if you say this tissue at the where, so in that where at that location, which meridians run through this location.

Okay. It's been very, very interesting because you've talked a bunch of times about quantum entanglements. And in the last class, it was like a talk that you gave for the morning class.

You said the highest level of acupuncture is quantum entanglements. And that's why I'm asking because I'm like, it doesn't say anywhere about the fascia tissue. So I'm working with the fascia tissue using quantum entanglements.

And I'm like, okay, like I'm seeing the results, but I don't have a map. Do you know what I mean? Like. You only can use a step based on the location associated with the meridians.

Still as the meridians is the first guidelines. Okay. Well, thank you.

Yeah. Thank you, Alicia. Go on ahead, Orla.

Hi. So my question is about if somebody already is showing signs of memory loss, do you think it's possible to reverse those signs? Yes. Everything is possible to reverse.

You just have to know why, why these things happens. So when the memory loss is a short memory loss or long-term memory loss, when this memory loss start is very important. That's always a trigger point.

Do they have real memory loss or they just say, I don't want to know. You see that kind of? Yeah. They don't, yeah.

They memory loss, but they only lost something they don't want to know. Right? You really watch them. It's a very, very, in my opinion, it's a very, very interesting, but it's difficult to say that this way.

You know, to say that this to the people say a memory loss. So if you're going to do the treatment for this kind of treatment, you have to see the big picture. So you have to be slowly.

So certain things cannot, let me tell you. So these kinds of things cannot directly break through. I don't know the words.

You cannot tell the truth. You only can say, you know, I know, God knows. Do you know what that means? You know what's happening.

Now I know what's happening. And God knows what's happening. So we just keep it, this secret at the ear, right? I don't have to tell anyone, but I know why this happened.

So the somehow you have to be allowing the patients to feel comfortable. You know, how do I feel? See, then he or she might waiting to open. Okay.

So then, so it comes back to a similar thing we talk about all the time, get the patients open up. So if they open up about the issues that they know they're forgetting, that realization, like the real deep root of it, that realization might help them, you know, reverse the issue. If they realize.

They don't want to be reversed. Right, right. Yeah, they have to understand this.

That's another disease. Right. It's the part, it's a different, it's veins.

It's another disease. So you cannot force them to do the treatment. It's another disease.

You understand? You have to understand this concept. So that's why memory loss is another, belong to the disease. It's just one kind of, how do I say that? It's the veins and associated with the aging.

It's unfair, got associated with the aging. You know, it's the one kind of activity called the emotional activity be played with life. It's a tough one.

So therefore, that's why I don't usually, I don't go that path. So have you seen the yard? You listen to me. I never tried to teach people how to fix the memory loss.

But for this group, I just said, for yourself use only, right? I'm not teaching you how to do the treatment for others. It's too difficult. Takes many levels because you push too hard, cost become worse.

You make them vulnerable. Understand? They don't want to be vulnerable. So therefore, this is so difficult to deal with the case.

So that's why I rather don't say that. But for this group, for the aging, because we are going to facing this and the society constantly talk about this. But we just have to understand how does the Chinese medicine, how do we use this five element framework to understand this memory loss associated with which organ, what kind of function and how can we prevent? That's all we can prevent at the physical level, maybe a little bit at the emotional level.

Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Thank you so much, Orla.

Rosalie, good evening. Hello, everyone. Thank you.

Mr. Liu, I've heard a master say many years ago and I didn't have an opportunity to ask a question, but his statement was if someone has a broken clavicle or has broken their clavicle, there will always be a qi deficiency. And I have pondered this in every aspect I can in terms of bone structure, location, meridian, channels that are influenced by clavicle. Can you comment on that? Yes, if they broke that piece and they definitely have a qi, always a qi deficiency because that's the major lines that go up.

The stomach lines and the kidney lines at the here. So any kind of the bone broke, right? The bone broke is not the bone broke. There are no accidents.

That means this area, the stomach or kidney meridians already weak. Any accidents, it's meridians already weak. Then accident happens.

Not accident happens, cause the meridians a problem. Understand? It's meridians off the balance. Generally speaking, it's meridians off the balance.

Then you are easy performing, it's called performing the accident. Just like someone twisting and twisting the ankle. Oh, I'm accident.

No, your gallbladder already screw up. I'm put it this way. Right? And then therefore, at that kind of motion, your body cannot handle it.

But it's not your body cannot handle, your body handle all the time. And then because of the balance, at the meridians level of the balance, they fix. So that's why after fix, you have to fix.

But most of the time, you never fixed. Even acupuncture, never fixed. They just do the thing.

When they done, go on. Right? I say that many times, like a frozen shoulder. Once you get a frozen shoulder, you fix the frozen shoulder.

Then what's happening? That means your lung function already downgraded. Not many people, after frozen shoulder finish, that the pain go away, will continue to try to treat the lung, to enhance the lung function. So therefore, 99% of the time, always a problem.

Right? So when the patient come to me, I always has one question answer. One question is asking that, do you have a frozen shoulder before? One or two. See? Then I know your lung already dysfunction.

I already know that it doesn't matter. I don't care. Because most of the time, most of the people never go through this way.

They never look at this way. They never understand this way. So therefore, even though the pain can go away, but the organ will maintain at the lowest level.

See? That's a bad thing. It's a sad thing. That means how do we understand the Marines with the body parts? The relationship? That hasn't really discussed it yet.

Right? Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you, Rosalie.

All right, Master Liu, that looks like all the questions for tonight. Wow. Looking like no one, yeah, looking like they all has a beautiful There's no anti-aging problem.

They're all young, healthy, and perfect. Right? So make sure that massage your feet. Right? One more time.

One more time. I tell you guys, right? To look at someone, give them one more chance to look at yourself. How do you know your kidney function is good? How healthy you are? Your feet should be always warm.

If your feet getting cold, understand what I say? You guys should really just at the least, you know, you go there to test someone, just like, you know, I go to that patient before do the needle, just a hand, just touch the feet, you know, that's it, cold. That's it. Right? The feet must be warm.

Got it, you guys? If your feet is not warm, the first, you guys, you want the anti-aging, you want to take care of your brain function, you want to take care of the beauty for your face, your skin, your things, please keep your feet warm. If not warm, at least you make them warm. Understand? Give them a massage, give them a toast.

Even put a heater, put oil there, toast your feet, add something. Feet getting cold is one of the worst things, worst signs of the anti-aging. Got it? If you can get a whole ideas, now start this class, or at least start to love your feet more than your face.

All right. That should be enough. Thank you very much, guys.

So now after today, you guys take a break for two weeks, right? We come back Monday, June 9th at seven o'clock. That's right. You have two weeks.

Real thinking, we don't have many class now, so we have two more, I think. So, you know, then we're gonna do real conclusion there. You guys, you're real thinking, what are you missing? What area you still not understand? You better ask it some serious question.

All right? So then therefore, we can get a complete finish of this course. Everybody got something. Okay? Good night, everybody.

Thank you so much. Good night, everyone. Bye.

Thank you. Bye. Thank you.

Bye, everyone. Good night. Thank you.

Good night, guys. Bye. Bye.

Oh, I like the boobies. Good night, everybody. Good night.

Good night.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements Anti Aging 5.19.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements Course First Call 2.22.txt ----
Good morning, good morning, good afternoon, good evening. We don't know where you're from, maybe. Good day, so we'll be perfect.

Good 7-Eleven. People from all over the world joining us for this great message, so ready or not, here we go. That reminds me of when you were a little kid playing hide and seek, right? What is it that we're looking for? We're looking to discover an ancient wisdom that, you know, it's almost like finding this buried treasure. 

Anyway, so I'm very excited. We have been looking forward to this program literally for years, and as a student of Master Liu's, it's myself and everybody else involved in this program, it's our job to kind of nudge the Master along and to say, can you share with us what you've discovered in life? And so this is what creates the excitement for all of us and for all of us to be connected with you. But I'd like to first begin by thanking a few people who partnered with Master Liu, and again, these are all students who are using their creative talents and are using their passion to help partner with Master Liu to create this wonderful program. 

So I'd like to thank Cheryl Hills, who is our creative director, and to bring on Jenny Merdinger, who helped put together all of the components and how we figure out how to even use this beautiful new platform and interact with you guys. And then, excuse me, we had a wealth of other students, Larry Stoller, who helped with, I'm not going to get into what they helped with, but Larry Stoller, Jennifer Oh, who is responsible for all of our amazing continuing education credits, and those credits, we'll be able to announce them hopefully in another week, just exactly how many you do get, so hang in there with that. We're very proud of being able to offer CMEs, which is quite unusual and quite difficult to obtain.

Allie Lim, Beth Inisi, and again, these are all students who have been studying for so many years and just say, you know, we know the Master knows quite a bit more, how can we bring this now into the real world for other people? And that is part of the role of the TCM World Foundation. It's a foundation, as I said in my intro, that was began by Master Liu and his then partner, Alan Sheplowski, so that we as students had a platform to bring what we are learning into the modern world. So I want to thank everybody involved and mostly thank Master Liu for having the patience to work with us, for having the time in his life to study, because the Master studies, I will tell you this little secret, every day for hours, practices for hours. 

So what we are learning is the result of his personal practice and discoveries. So I encourage you to take some time in this program and really listen to every audio, go back and chew on what you are learning, so that what you learn can be profound. All right, so that's enough about me, but one more thing, I do want to introduce two more people, Monica Posen, who is the person that when you send a question to info at TCM World or can't find some of your links and so forth, she'll be the one that's helping you, and Angela Van Zandt, who will be helping you with any technical issues that you have. 

So we have a wonderful team supporting you and at the helm is the Master and we have to kind of support him too, so thank you very much Master Liu. They're all yours. We have an entire universe of Dao behind us, right? So we have a five element system. 

Now think of this five element consciousness, right? People always say five element consciousness. Can you think of five element consciousness is in the other universe? In this universe, just like a city, when you get in this city has five different gateways or five different, you know, boroughs. Each borough has a unique way you can discover it, right? Which is true, but unfortunately we're not going to say this. 

So I have to thank you for all of these our students. They say, you know, usually they say when the students is ready, Master will show up. Now, so now we have to reverse. 

When the students are ready, they will push the Master and become a student again. So in order to do or to create this course, so somehow I have to thank you or Elaine, thank you all of these students and they're pushing me, you know, pushing me go over to, you know, how many years I've been learned these five elements consciousness framework, right? So even though we turned this for consciousness at the beginning, we all call the five elements. Letter by letter, letter by letter, I know I'm changing. 

My Master forced me to change it. So therefore, letter by letter, I will say, okay, instead of we say five elements, we must say five element consciousness. So why is a consciousness now to become this question, right? So the most important is that forcing me go back to that so many years, all the trainings, all the way, how do I grow up? How do I see this, the gift or my saying that this gift of the five element, whatever we call consciousness framework, the gift is a come from the universe. 

The gift is a come from the Tao and the gift is each one of us inherent inside of us. Then can we use this gift wisely to make our life become profound? That's a challenge for each of us. We all looking for outside answer, right? So that's why we all go out internet, try to looking for the answer, but we never look into the internet, try to looking for the answer. 

That's why they often say answer lies within. So if uncertain lies within, where? Five elements, five organs, five sayings. See, that's why when they say, where's the Tao? Tao is everywhere, everywhere. 

So the everything contained the Tao, name therefore, therefore, that's a five element is the Tao. Yes, five element can be the gateway, allow us enter the Tao, allow us taste the Tao. So for Rose, the people who are interested of the Tao, then maybe we can start from this materialized elements, enter the Tao, to taste of the Tao.

Why so powerful? Why so unique? Why today's society most in today's society we need, right? So go back to the basic concepts, existing, everything existing today is amid the requirement of the God's will, which is, it is the Tao, right? So have to think existing, it is the Tao. If they don't meet the requirement of the Tao, of the God's will, they never can be existing. So therefore, before they existed in the materialized world, which is weak and recognized, they must existing in a non-materialized world, which is energetic world, consciousness world. 

So therefore can be manifested in our this society. So the five element is a framework existing in the thousands of years ago, has a purpose, right? Otherwise, why they existing? It's not that they existing in our world, they existing in the natural world, in the universe, already existing at the day, just human remains discovered, wow, that is the one system. It's a one framework, so profound and so unique. 

And how can we apply this system to our daily life? I mean, through this way, we can discover our purpose or our position with the Tao or with the universe. So that's at the beginning as the why the master discover this purpose, then that purpose can help us. But this purpose, that purpose can help us for today? My answer, yes, that purpose can help us apply for healing. 

Answer is absolutely, for that so many years, I continuously use this concept, right? My master always say, you must follow this concept again and again. What is that means? Again and again. So again and again means that you have to start for the consciousness mind, then turn to the unconsciousness mind. 

Then we will turn to no consciousness mind. I try to say that this, that's the step, that's the step process. For the consciousness enter unconsciousness, then enter no consciousness. 

When you can enter no consciousness, that is the step, then happens by itself. So can you enter the consciousness mind immediately? Like, is there just a quick technique that takes you there? You can, because the consciousness is not that kind of way, because today we all go to the internet, try to learn, try to discuss what is the consciousness. In my opinion, most consciousness, what we discussed today, still based on the mind, still it's a try to analyze, try can figure out, try can see that.

When we talk about today, in this class, we are emphasizing the consciousness, not the materialized consciousness. It's the something, something, I only can say the something, because what is, we don't know. It's the something before the materialized world, they exist first. 

They exist first. So therefore, when we see this materialized, so for example, we say what element, right? I say what element. It's so simple, each one of us immediately think about my work table, right? My work friends, right? Then maybe you can let the better imagination where you're thinking, oh, my outside the trees, the what they are, what is always associated with the trees, but in the tree, how much we can really see the consciousness behind the trees. 

What is, what is that this consciousness make us the tree instead of make us the fire? What is the difference between these two elements, two entities, right? So each one contain the something, so you need beyond our mind can grab it. So that's why I say the consciousness, they exist for purpose. This purpose is not just for man, but also for all the species, all the living beings, because this energetic, energetic wisdom, energetic consciousness, energetic purpose is for entire earth, our solar system, our Milky Way, or entire whole universe. 

We all need thinking this way. So why I say that this way, people say, how can these, you know, the five elements that connect to this entire universe thinking this way? So they have to go back to the concept. What is the concept? So we study this concept, but we have to follow one kind of system, right? So our system, which is what I learned the system, generally speaking, our island system, I must say, is to follow Laozi and Zhuangzi, which is the Taoist concept. 

For the Taoist concept, named Taoist Bible, or Taoist fundamental concept is Tao Te Ching. This book is their fundamental concept. The fundamental concept, they defined what is the Tao? That's the first concept. 

How do we define it? We cannot define it, but we still have to define it, right? We cannot define it. That's why they say Tao is everything, cannot say that, right? But you still have to say that, otherwise what we do? So we are using limited language and try to describe unlimited Tao, therefore impossible, but still possible. Laozi did it. 

Zhuangzi emphasized that, make it more profound, right? So still, then the Chinese medicine masters apply these to the medicines. They use them, right? So just have to think in this, what is Tao? I go back to the one thing. So the concept of Tao Te Ching say Tao, right? Tao. 

What is Tao? Tao is infinity. We only can say, what is infinity? Infinity, just everything. It's nothing, right? Because the total is nothing. 

So that's why they say everything, but the nothing is not a nothing, right? Nothing include everything, also include every nothing, so called together. I hope I use my English trying to say, is everything what we know? That's what we know, right? No matter what you know, everything what we know, now have to add everything we don't know. So everything, nothing, all the nothings together with all the everything together will become as the Tao, right? As the Tao. 

So the Tao itself has their own consciousness. So therefore, when they say Tao Te Ching say Tao can create one. Why the one? Because the one is oneness. 

The one exists for purpose. So when the earth, when the nature, what we call, when the universe needs something existing for purpose, then therefore they go to the Tao. They go to this Tao, the bank of the Tao, and get everything together and create the oneness, which is the one. 

So they call Tao, create the one. The one cannot separate. One is oneness. 

But unfortunately for us, the man and the human beings, we love to differentiate. We love to say good and bad, right? So therefore, immediately oneness will turn to the two. So that's why they say one can create us the two.

What is two? Good and bad, rich and poor, high and lower, white and black, daytime and nighttime can be separated. That's why Tao can be created as the one. One can turn to the two.

Now they say again, in the Tao Te Ching say, and the two also can create, become three. So in this three has a concept, has two levels of the three. Three is another literally number of the three here. 

The three means everything, right? It just means a lot of stuff. A lot of stuff called a three. Can be five, can be four, can be six. 

So the Chinese say, let me save my words. In classical way, three, only three lines. So much easier. 

Five will be much more lines. One, two, three, four, five. But I have to find lines. 

Four, you know, three, only three lines. One, two, three, they save time, right? You know, the Chinese mind always, how can I save more ink, save more energy? So therefore three is a simple, but the three doesn't mean number three. Three also means many things. 

So the two, this yin and yang can create many things, but also has any other kind of definition of the three. What is the three? Three is one and two, which is yin yang, right? Remember we say one can be divided as the two. Your discriminator coming in, right? Oneness cannot separate. 

It's oneness. But they say, no, we don't believe the oneness. We want the hundred percent say what is the good, what is the bad. 

So we want to differentiate. We want the discriminator so the main yin and yang exist. But the three, three means yin and yang, also oneness. 

I want everybody's thinking about one more time. Three means you have a discriminator yin and yang, but also has any other one that hasn't been discriminated before. It is self, oneness. 

So these three things together create the code of three. Then from this discrimination, yin and yang, and also has one together can create everything. So the entire whole thing, so what we know is come from this, yin and yang, and also hasn't been discriminated oneness. 

Now, what is this five element consciousness state? In between, right? It's in between. So because it's everything. So therefore, this five element consciousness framework contained in yin and yang and oneness, it is Dao. 

It's the path to the Dao. It's the symbol of the Dao, but just we don't see this path. So therefore, to study this five element consciousness framework, give us opportunity because they can be so big, untouchable in the beyond, above the law, but also can be laid so deeply and so simply and blend into our daily life. 

So that's called the beauty of the Dao. That's the beauty of the existing purpose. So the purpose of these five elements for today is to give us one of the framework, and particularly for most of you wonder looking for something tangible, comprehensive, and also unique system can help us heal ourselves, fix the problems, and make life better. 

Because what we need, we need some kind of system, right? Time test system. Not just someone figured out last night. Time test. 

Thousands of years still exist. And the thousands of years, and this system be applied for so many different areas from the kingdom, political use, and from landscape, garden making use. For the healing doctrine, definitely Chinese medicine used this successfully. 

Now definitely you can apply this for many different levels, many different areas. We need, particularly for today's unstable society, unstable the information, the life is constantly moving, right? So we need a system can help us settle down, be peace. We need a system can help us so no matter which gate you enter, no matter which element you start, there's always a come back to the oneness. 

Then five element framework is the most profound the framework we can use. At the least is my experience for that so many years I practiced, I applied, right? That's the one thing say why we need this system, why we need to study. So particularly why we need to study, not just by this system, because the system has levels.

It's levels. Now we go back to the second very important concept about the discourse, right? About the discourse. This course, how do we going to do that, right? We say why we need this course, but the most important, this course is a processing course, right? In this processing, we have to understand has levels. 

The first level is grabbing or take information or data, whatever, how do you want to call it? It's information, right? So five elements is information, like one of the chart we already give it to you guys. You all have to remember, remember the charts and so many datas added there, five elements, which organs, which bowels, which colors, which taste, all the chart, that's information. You guys have to remember, no question answer, that's information. 

Each one can be the data, can be the information. For example, I say, what's the time related to your liver? Your mind should be immediately find which season you are related, right? Which body part you related to your liver, you must know that's information, right? So here is a chart, that's the element information you must, must know. That's called you grabbing the information, right? That's called the basic information, never wrong. 

It's called the never wrong. It's 100% true in visible reality. In our reality, that is the truth. 

That's our stepstone. You are enter, we are enter, put it this way. If we want to enter invisible world, we have to start at the visible world first, and the stepstone, that's our stepstone, right? That's our information. 

So that's why most of you heard about the information is a power. Wow, Nick, you're so powerful. You know all of this information, right? So that's a step one, how to grab in there and digest, memorize and discriminate this information. 

Step one. But this information, if you don't know how to use just information, right? So you need to apply this information, turn it to the knowledge. That's the second step. 

Otherwise, it's just information. How to use this information? How to use this information? For example, I give you an example. Today is a Saturday, right? So after I talk, maybe everyone say, oh, I want to go out to whole foods store, right? Whole food, wow, you go to whole food, buy organic stuff. 

So we say we all gonna cook the chicken noodle soup, for example. In the chicken, you need the noodles, right? You need a celery, celery, whatever you call it. It's the same ingredients, which is the same information.

Think of what I say, five element chart, you just got the information. Now, what kind of chicken noodle soup you can coming up is based on the knowledge, technique, how do you cook, right? I know somebody cook the noodle soup, smell bad and the taste bad, no one want to eat. Someone will look good, smell good, color is good and delicious. 

Then why is it same ingredients and someone can cook delicious chicken noodle soup, someone will cook it that tastes terrible chicken noodle soup. What's happening? Same ingredients, why? System, knowledge. So that's why in the class, the second step is how to apply this information to the unique technique, comprehensive technique can be used for the healing, right? That's information. 

How do we use different system? Now they go back to the third step is a system. What kind of system you are going to use? Different system has a different understanding of this framework, just like a different chef can use different kind of ingredients or same ingredients and the different processing, different combination. Does anyone watch the show? One of the best show is Iron Chef. 

If you cannot, please, I highly recommend that go to watch it again, but I don't know this show still there. It's a great competition. You see the difference, it's Iron Chef, but each one has a different idea. 

Some can cook the same ingredients, can cook it as a different taste. How can they come up at the same time, right? That is the concept. Why? Because they each must use their own system, their own system, their ways to understand each ingredients, the nature of each ingredients, and they can create, use their own creativity, make it look good. 

Each dishes must look good, smell good, and taste good, right? Thinking this way. So then, therefore, we have to think in this way. If a five element consciousness framework, this class, and I want each one of you know how to use this information.

I want you to know how to create your healing plan. That's my goal. See, I don't want you guys can reach the level, just know how to high level BS. 

I know the information. I don't want you just BS. I want you each one can apply this concept and create your own unique personalized healing plan, right? That's all information. 

For example, I give you an example, right? Very interesting concept. It's called the system. For example, I, someone suffer in a chronic constipation, right? I shouldn't do that, you know, morning to the constipation, so boring, but exciting because everyone could complain the constipation, right? Suppose just a simple thing, constipation, you can't go, all right? Look at this. 

You can't waste. That's just a five elements here, five organs there. How do we start? How do we see that? You can definitely, you can go to over counter, buy the something, you know, just to make you fresh out, you know, every day do the this, drink the tea, or you can do the pungi, so whatever something, that'd be fine too. 

That's just information. But how do you use this knowledge? Now, think of what I say here now, all right? Suppose I say, I'm going to use lung, lung as the, I will enter because the lung, the function is allow energy rise and energy drop. So the lung and the colon has a relationship. 

If the lung energy can rise and the colon energy will be dropped down. So therefore constipation can be read as the lung energy hasn't rise, right? So therefore I can start how to nourish, moisture my lung function. Metal element, so I enter as the metal element. 

That's one angle, depending on which system. But suppose you say, let me go to the wood element concept. So the wood element says the essence of the wood elements be flexible. 

Something has to be flow freely. So from this angle, then they can say, oh, your constipation, it means that you will live a function disorder because you are not flexible. Something stuck there doesn't flow freely. 

You see that? So therefore name the wood element, I can say, I am try to help you influence, increasing your liver function. So when the liver function getting better, your Qi flow freely. So name the bowel flow freely, then constipation will go away, right? Make sense? Yes. 

That's just a different angle. Suppose they say, okay, I don't want this. How can I go to the water gate? So now you think of this, what's the constipation? Something not the flow smoothly, right? So you think of that.

If a bowl doesn't flow, what's happening? The water level too low. If a water level too low, the bowl, big bowl doesn't flow. So what's happening? Open the water gate, allow the water flow. 

So therefore the killing, which is the water element is important, right? Understand now, now look at it. I'm just giving you a concept that they see. Different system has a different ways to think, right? They say, okay, how about fire? Now think of the fire. 

What's the fire can do? Fire element, I still can do it. So the fire element where you're thinking, okay, I looked at the constipation, it means something stop. Today is a February 22nd at the East coast, outside is still so cold. 

Outside today, right now, only 25 degrees. What's happening 25 degrees? Everything frozen, nothing can move. So what I can let them move? Temperature, fire, understand the concept now? So I can readify this angle, say maybe it doesn't have enough fire and allow these things flow freely. 

Everything frozen, stuck. You see the concept? Which means individually also makes sense, but some system much better. They can come in, make us the team effort. 

Now you make a team effort, all the combination can change. You can take wood, you can take the metal, you can take the kidney water, make it the common, that's the teamwork. Can be two organ together, can be three organ together. 

You see that? System different, thinking different, combination different, then the outcome will be different. So that's why we say five element consciousness framework is levels. It's the levels of the understanding, it's levels of understanding the knowledge with the information, how do they cooperate together and how do you use this information differently. 

Now after this, so you know, we are going to learn how to think differently. So I will share this concept from what I learned from my master. My, what I learned most is through the wood element, because the wood element has their so unique, how to call, characters. 

So unique characters, because the one of the most important concepts today for the wood element is emotions. All the emotions, which is all your chi, 90% most of what I say, 90% of people wasting their chi, their life force at the non-necessary emotional events. Not necessary, right? So if you understand this, you don't waste this energy.

You don't need to waste this energy. So therefore, the wood element is my style, which is our system. I will introduce you how to use these things, how to make that to study, how to study this.

So that will be the later on in this course, getting deeper, we will discuss this, right? Then the last one, after this course, we know the levels, right? We know the information, we know the knowledge, now we know the system, then the last one is the wisdom. It's the wisdom. So everything as before, knowledge, information, and the system, all I can try, use my limited language and my skill, my experience, try to teach you, and try to guide you, and try to help you. 

The only last one, I cannot do anything, or I can watch you. That's the sadness, but that's the beauty of the Dao. So that's why they say, master only can lead the student to the gate, the student have to go through.

I only because that's the wisdom. The wisdom cannot use language to pass, to teach. You have to experience. 

Each one of you have to use your mind, and use your heart, and use your heart, or I say, it's not using your mind, you have to use your heart. So what does that mean? In the Chinese, use the one word, which is no English, you can translate it. Chinese is called Wu. 

I want everybody to learn this first Chinese vocabulary called Wu. Wu, W-U. Which tone is that, Master Liu? Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu. 

Last tone, go down. Wu. It's like uh-oh, go down. 

Wu, Wu. So you are Wu. You need Wu. 

What is Wu? It's thinking without the mind. You have to think, but without the mind. All you can say, think with your heart.

Can you think with the heart, not thinking with the mind? Wu. Why Wu so important? In the Buddhist, they say the Wu is between normal man and the Buddha. If you get in alignment, you have Wu. 

If you're not in alignment, you're still human. So the Wu can give you a quantum leap, not a gradual change, all right? Anyone in the gradually changing, you haven't changed yet, you just gradually. What is called a gradually change? Anyone have experience like you go out the mountain and sit there, watch for the sun rising, right? It's a great activity. 

You watch the sun slowly, gradually, and coming up, and the darkness gone, right? Doom's gone. The cloud disappear. Then the sun rise. 

That's called a gradually. No, that's not Wu. Wu doesn't do that.

Wu is you are walking in the darkness room, suddenly you turn on the switch, and the entire room is a bright shining. Between darkness and the lighting, and just that moment, whole thing 100% change. That's called a quantum leap. 

So that's the last part, what I truly wish through this course, and somebody have some kind of Wu. Definitely, the Wu also has a level of the Wu. Small Wu and the big Wu, right? Doesn't mean big Wu is better. 

It is better. Later we can talk about the better, but it's better than nothing, right? Because you have experienced this concept. So the first homework is you need to realize what's called the quantum leap, the Wu. 

It's tonight. Tonight, now it's all night time, unless some people at the different part of country is go to the darkness room, turn on the switch, and turn off, turn on. Experience what's happening.

Everything, where is the darkness? When you turn on the light, darkness still inside the room. Only difference, you are introducing the light. Yin and Yang still same. 

The oneness exists. I really want each one. That's the homework. 

That's the first homework I wish each one of you guys to do, right? So in this course, sometimes I just pop out the homework. It's up to you. I believe that as today, none of you are at the kindergarten, someone to push you to do the homework, right? You don't have to show me you do the homework. 

It's between you and the Dao, you and the God, you with the nature. It's up to you, which level you want to experience. So therefore, in my opinion, this course, that's my goal. 

Through this kind of processing, I am introducing something greater and better than just knowledge and just technique. Even though, right, put this worst case, we need to know worst case, right? They're called the plan A and the plan B. We all love to do the plan. I know you guys love to do the plan too.

Worst case, you know how to use this five element framework for your own personal healing benefit, even though you don't get the quantum enlightenment, even though you are not dead, but you still have a good life, good health. You still can avoid some kind of physical suffering. That's called the worst case, right? Worst part, but the better part can go up more. 

So it depends. So the last part is the wisdom, all right? So I say the last part is wisdom. No one knows.

Because it's possible. It's possible, right? So I only can, how do I say that? Give my own experience, like many years, many years, right? At that time, I don't realize what's happening. You know, my master just say, do it. 

So I just have to follow what he said, go do it. So for example, so if we say what element, but you have to, you have to enter, you have to find what element has contained this kind of wisdom, right? So which is every year, I have almost 15 years, every year at the summertime, I always go to the England as one of the small town, they think, I think that they're called the Tisbury, right? Tisbury, the small town has one of the second oldest, the yew tree, evergreen tree called the yew tree. They are 4,000 years old, 4,000 years old. 

Older than the Buddha, older than the Lao Tzu. So the summer tree, the tree can stand and living with the 4,000 years, how much wisdom contained in that tree? The tree already turn the spirit, in the spirit of itself, right? So you go there every year, go there, you're not, yeah, you go there, you can, I go there to two things. One is we always sit there and eat fish and chip, you know, one of the best at England is fish chip.

So, you know, something, right? You just eat in there. So all the local people pass to us, they say, what's going on? The crazy American guys and then come here, what? They have nothing to do, just sit around this tree after we eat, we sleep. Yes, the sleep, why sleep? No mind, right? So only when you sleep, you don't have a mind, then the wisdom, the spirit of the tree might be able enter to you because you jump up your mind. 

And sometimes we practice and they definitely that's a different things, right? So that's, I'm just going to tell you guys, 15 years, right? Does anyone would do that? Not many people would into that kind of dedicated, want to have this kind of experience and the particular practice. You might go one or two times and then that's it, right? So that's why I say it's a meaning, yes, the cultivation, but that's good. Yes, making me has a different kind of understanding or different kind of relationship with the wood elements. 

Okay. I think that should be the first things to talk about why this course, what can lead you go, right? So you know the goal, you come here, you can, the first step, you are have to grab the information, you have to learn the knowledge, then you have to learn what kind of system, how to apply this knowledge. Then the last part is up to you. 

If you have a desire or something still touch you, you want to discover the wisdom. Right? That's all between you and whatever you call it, right? That's the one thing. Now we have to go to the second part of the discourse. 

Because of this course, it's not just knowledge. It's not just information, right? Because even though there's knowledge, there's a different kind of knowledge. Then different kind of knowledge need a different kind of mental, emotional processing. 

So we cannot, I say the very clearly now, we cannot use all the habit, which is most of you learn from the kindergarten until your college, until you get master, PhD degree. Some people have a doctorate degree. If you have two doctors, you might be worse.

Might be worse. I only say might be worse. Depend on how discipline you will hold down your learning processing. 

Because this kind of learning processing is a step-by-step you build up. This kind of processing grabbing the information is the information can be diagnosis, can be discriminated, can be processing. Because, because in these five elements, we say it's consciousness. 

Then therefore, the same kind of information in the consciousness levels, you cannot use all the processing way. Try to study hard and try to get it. You won't get it.

You have to use the wu. You have to use the wu. And then even wu, I cannot teach you.

I only can screen you. That's not right. I only can tell you it's not right. 

But what's right? I don't know. But I only can say that's what I say. In this path, you shouldn't do this way.

You do this way, you never get it. Right? So the somehow in here is the difference. So the processing of this has to be different. 

Right? So we have to change the processing of the information, processing of the knowledge, which means I'm going to constantly make a turn, circle up instead of step up. So every time circle up, you are same knowledge and change a different course. Just like every day you change the course, but that somehow can be different. 

Right? Because outside the change, you're feeling change. So the same way you are continuous and the same knowledge you from different angle, from different angles, you must learn how to change the position, how to change the position, see the same space, same information. So this way will help you be flexible, help you open up your mind and see things differently. 

Right? So we will go through this way. So we will use some kind of the knowledge, right? And experience, maybe make sure to see what is the processing in order to grabbing this kind of Eastern philosophy or Eastern wisdom. People always thinking five element is a philosophy. 

Yes, they are philosophy. Philosophy you can teach, you can get a degree, right? You can go to degree. Every school teaches the philosophy.

Doesn't mean every student graduate their enlightenment. Philosophy is not enlightenment. The philosophy is a mental game, but not a wisdom. 

Right? That's different. Philosophy is not a wisdom. Philosophy is the knowledge.

Right? So you have to use something to allow you to see the interconnections. Well, we run out of time. So maybe we quickly do the one experience, right? So I would like each one of you right now, just close your eyes. 

Let me do the one of the music and see what's happening. Does anyone see the ice cream truck in front of you? So look at the sound. What is this sound going to do to you? Memory, right? The sound triggered the memory. 

Now you see the car. The sound coming first. Now you see the car.

Now what's happening? Triggered each one of you, the memory. Childhood memory at the park. And there may be that moment before the moment you fall down, you just hurt. 

Once you hear this sound and you change it, your smile, you know your grandma or your mom might buy this ice cream for you. Right? Now what's happening? This ice cream bring the happiness and the joys. Now look at this way. 

What's happening? Past. Does it exist? Still exist. But it exists at a different level.

But through the sound, through the pictures, bring back to the memory and bring back to the joy memory and maybe bring back to sad memory. Depend on each one of you how to arrange the information of the past. Right? Some of you might have a memory is that you just get one of the so delicious, the chocolate cones and suddenly the other boy pushing you, you jump on the floor. 

Oh, so you cry. Where's my ice cream? Right? Some people definitely have that kind of memory. Some people just eat. 

Someone push you. The other kids are running to the ice cream truck and pushing you. You drop it. 

Then you cry. What's happening? Your mother will say, that's okay. That's okay. 

I will go get the second one. Right? You see that? So each one of you will pull out the memory. So now it's not a memory. 

Here, I want each one of you thinking one more time. What's happening for the 50, 60 or someone 60 years ago, all of this memory you can pull out that clear. What's happening? The power of the arrangement information. 

Now thinking this way, if this five element framework, consciousness framework can pull out your consciousness level of the past life. What's happening? At the cell level, you will change. You can pull out the happiness and the joyful memory. 

You can use this memory for healing. What's happening? And nothing can stop you. And no cancers, no disease will exist because the memory of the life.

So this kind of exercise, this kind of practice is what I learned. So I would be happy to share how to use this kind of way into this course. And while we are getting deeper and getting into some kind of practical case, then each one of us will get benefit. 

Right? That's the one thing. The last part when I say the name, we can stop now. Right? So because what we deal, right? So we are many of you might have a different degrees to understand the five elements. 

But someone said, I know. I know too. That's called the level of the knowledge. 

The level of the knowledge somehow in the big picture, which is not important. It's just it itself. It's a doubt. 

Nothing can compare. But in a small scale, it's very important because it's the relationship between you with this knowledge, you with this wisdom. Right? I give an example, each one of you.

The premium flowers with annual flowers. What's different? The premium flowers, they can start to bloom at the main all the way to the October. The premium you can buy for the Home Depot. 

You know, when they may come, they sell some flowers, premium flowers. You can do it or annual flowers. Right? So five months. 

If they can nonstop bloom, five months. After five months, October, before get this, you know, weather change. That's all you can see. 

But the flower itself never have a chance experience the spring and then experience the winter. So flower missing the knowledge of the winter, never have a chance to see what is the snow look like. Right? Your daffodil, even though they are only have a first couple months at the spring, but the daffodil experienced the winter coldness. 

It's the same knowledge, same called the flowers, but each one have experience. So in the Chinese culture, so they're using the prime flowers. The prime flowers, why so unique? Because the prime flowers only bloom at the November and sometimes January. 

So everything is gone. Gone. Cold. 

But only the prime flowers can bloom and the fragrance and the smell so good. The colder they are, the smell, the more beautiful it is. So the both is the flowers. 

Memoria, you know, the, the, the, what they call, you can say that the, let me see, the flower tree, you can get a, what I call the flower tree, the Memoria flower, right? At the earlier, lucky Memoria might be twice a season, but Memoria flowers never experience can bloom at a cold weather and snow. So thinking the other way, in the Zhuanzi, right? The master Zhuanzi, and they give one of the beautiful stories. Beautiful story. 

And the, the both is the birds, little tiny birds jumping around and this, and they can fly and watch the big eagles and say, why you are so crazy? You can fly so high. Look at me. I can jump here, jump here, much easier. 

Why you have to fly so high? Then big birds and the eagles say, what I see is not what you see. The, my sky is not your sky. And the both is free, and both know how to fly. 

The level of the birds and the sea, the level of the sky. So each one of us must think in this way, which level allow me to see through this five element consciousness framework. Am I look at this framework as the symbol, or am I look at this framework as the vehicle, right? So they can be as the symbol, they can be as the vehicle, or they can be as the category. 

Depend the level of the who you are. That's why I just tried to say, don't limit us. Don't limit our knowledge, right? As of today, we know they are the most powerful modern science. 

There are three of the theories, right? The one of the theories is what? Quantum entanglement, right? Quantum mechanic, quantum knowledge, quantum theories. What is quantum theory to tell us? Everything's a connect. You cannot separate. 

You want to understand one, you must understand whole, right? The other one is relativity theories. Energy and the metals are interchangeable. And the two different things, and they look like a difference at the highest level, they are connect. 

Now look at the five elements. Do they do that? They already tell you, your lung and your colon, no physical connection, but they are living together side by side. Lung has issue, your colon will have issue. 

The two parts, no connections. It is quantum. It is relativity theories. 

They already tell you, you will never directly relate the season and the time of change outside the nature with the time change, right? Now, third one in the modern science is chaos theories. The chaos theories tell you if one small butterfly at the Brazil can cause the Texas and the tornado happens, then one of the elements can happen at any organs, can impact to entire whole body, right? Nothing. They are all connect.

So these are major things in the quantum, in a modern science. So as today, if we're going to study this, we should be proud of ourselves. Even though you can say this ancient Chinese stuff, but also you can say, no, that's the modern science. 

Make you proud of yourself. Make you at the least that you can have a high level BS to show yourself, right? But in the Chinese medicine, that's more profound. They put the Yin Yang theories, entire Tao. 

The second of the Tao from oneness, right? They found the meridians, entire your life, your life network, your life body into these five elements. Now, the last one I can challenge you guys. You look at the five element is a five elements. 

Can you look at the five element is one element as a oneness. Then that will be directly five elements and turn it to the one entire elements. Oneness, that is the goal. 

So that is the, we are going to together in this course and discover the wisdom of the five element consciousness. That's it for today. And I didn't see why we can give you a guys, you know, wow, that's already, yeah, I can give out guys a couple, couple good question. 

That's it. You covered everything on as above, so below and put it all together in one really great package. I would encourage everybody. 

Go, even if you listen to all of the initial videos, please, after today's recording, we listened to what Master Liu said today, go back and re-listen to each session. Many of us have listened to them five or six times. There's so much embedded in there, hidden in there that your mind will filter out until you're ready to receive it. 

Excuse me, but then you'll be able to establish a really good foundation to continue to move along and to follow what Master Liu is, is even talking about, right? That's why we call this an advanced course. Also, please make sure that you have a five element chart, download it, download all the charts, but keep that five element chart handy with you. I don't care if you put it on you, wear that, wear it, think it, live it. 

The more it can become second nature to you, it will flow right through you. So Master Liu, I mean, you're guiding us to that pearly gate where we can have the freedom to allow wisdom to wash through us. That to me was like the breath of fresh air this morning. 

I don't know if you want to open to questions or just allow us to... Maybe it doesn't need too many questions, otherwise you say, you know, there's a lot to process, you know, a lot to listen. So we say you only listen what you listen. So you can base on the, what I say, the guidance and see these things. 

That's just the beginning, right? So we are going to use the, when I say that the new learning path, the new learning technique, circle up, right? Tornado up. So instead of build up. So this way will be different way thinking.

So you just guys has to continue learning if possible and learn it. So then we say we depend on what we do every two weeks or every week. My job is every class I give you a guidance, I give you a key point you need to learn, right? So you can base on this, go back to the, listen to the videos again. 

So they maybe can give you different angles to understand in the videos what I try to say. Okay. That should be enough for today. 

Good luck. So that's just good beginning. So when the good beginning, we'll have a good end. 

Before we end, I do want to have one more announcement. This is such a massive program with 60 videos. So we're rolling them out gradually so that you will have a chance to study. 

As we said, go back and please re-listen more videos will be released over the next few days. Don't rush through them. They're going to be there. 

They're accessible for you for the next year and a half. So you have plenty of time. All right. 

And thank you, Master Liu. Again, we'll go back. We'll re-listen. 

I'm feeling refreshed and like a beginner student. So thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Thank you.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements Course First Call 2.22.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements Final Call 6.16.25.txt ----
Well, this is now our 14th call, and it's the last call in the series. But I was thinking back on to last fall, when you first started to formulate the course, and you started to shoot all the videos. And for you guys, one of the questions that Master Liu challenged myself, Cheryl, Jenny, and some of the other folks involved was, you should listen and then ask yourself, why do you need this course? Not how do you use this course, not yet, but why do you need this course? So that's something you should, now that you've taken the entire course in retrospect, see, what is the importance for you? Why did you take this course? Why do you still need this course? But then it brings up a question for me, Master Liu. 

You created this course, and then you added all these phone calls on, right, the discussions, 14 of them, where originally there were going to be nine. So through your own process of digesting and sharing these materials, what did you discover? I cannot tell you. If I'm going to tell you, I have to tell myself.

No, seriously, what did you discover? Did it change you? Yes, it changed me more. So making me a different dream, making me see things differently, making me treatment for how to treatment is a different thing, right? So making me recognize why, you know, my master said to me, this is open-ended, right? Once you get in, you have to constantly change the gear. You have to constantly play this, play to the rational mind and the intuitive mind. 

So this too has to be constantly transformation from the rational mind to the intuitive mind. Then from the intuitive mind, use the rational mind again to recognize, how to call it, to digest, to separate the junk. Another junk is levels. 

You have to continuously levels, levels, levels, and then become more concentrated, more concentrated, more concentrated, right? So I think in the discourse also, I saw that this way, while I'm teaching this course, each class, each class, when I see this, when I say this, I feel I understand more, right? I understand energy more. I understand why the consciousness becomes so important, why this invisible becomes so important, why this framework is important. We say that at the beginning for this course is, you know, this course is not philosophy course. 

That's at the beginning. I already, you know, defined it. What is the purpose? This course is trying to give you, you know, what I call the practical way. 

It's not the philosophical way. It's a practical way that you will see this five-element consciousness framework can be used, right? Can be used in everyday life. So that's the whole concept. 

But also, I say that at the beginning, because the, because it's knowledge, it's information, it's knowledge, right? It's always information and the knowledge and the system, right? That's always become that kind of way. Then I, I share the concept is what is the, our angle, right? Angle, which angle we are getting in this kind, this five-element framework. You, as today, many people talk about five-element, which angle we are talking about, which angle, you know, which angle I think, it's not, I think that's what I learned, you know, there are many different ways of the five-element framework, just which angle or we call the, which elements as you will enter game, right? Thinking this way of today is the last day, right? It's a 14, almost like a 14 days or 14 class. 

How many months now? I forget how many months we are together? About three and a half. Three and a half a month. It's a tourist, right? Think about it. 

It's a tourist. I am a tourist guy. It has a little bit of flag. 

It's a five-element flag. So you guys just follow me. We are have a tourist. 

I lead you to the five-element universe, right? So we go to the element by element. So name also, I share what is the secret of this element. What do you have to see? What do you have to see? So by what? By the tourist guide, but I am the tourist guide for what I learned. 

So I try to share, right? Why I try to share this? Because I think, how to call them? In the consciousness level, the true has no copyright. It's a public domain, right? If I can share to you guys and maybe you won't get immediately, but down the road, maybe somewhere, someone, somewhere, somehow, someday, and the seed will germinate, right? It's the seed. So the seed, I spit it out. 

So into you guys, the mind or soul, one day we coming out. So who, whatever can coming out, God bless you, right? Let me say, that's it. So tourist guide, I'm finished. 

I say, yes, that's it. We done. So I think that's the first round, right? So each one of you is a tourist, or I always say it's a terrorist, right? You're a tourist or you're a terrorist? You're a tourist, right? So what's the tourist? I tell you, see that? You see that. 

But can you real digest, right? So we all go through that. We go through the ones. It's a mind, still is a mind. 

Maybe it's yours. Maybe someone already a lot of notes and someone maybe never, because you are tourist. You just say, look at left side, it's a big buildings. 

I say, look at the elements, look at the relationship, the mother child. Oh, you still hate your mother. So therefore, mother child, the relationship is not good for you.

You inside the still brain. Yes. My mother abused me. 

My mother abandoned me. So you still have that kind of anger that the mother child relationship wouldn't touch you deeply, right? And then if I say, okay, that's called a control. Yes. 

You hate the control because what your ex or your, your somehow someone, your boss, you have a bad experience of the control. You don't like it, right? Your husband, your boyfriend, your wife, that's always control. You don't want to control. 

Then we say, it's not a control relationship. It's a cooperation. It's a support. 

And then maybe you, your entire life to try to find that and someone can understand you. Someone waiting to support you. You haven't find yet. 

So therefore that relationship for you still is affording. I'm telling you, it's a very interesting. It's the vocabulary.

It's the way I explained name until one day you have to continue, right? You have to continue. So you say, you know, this is three and a half months or two, let's finish. That's the last day and the good luck. 

We all come back perfectly. Each one, just like a toy. We don't left someone behind, right? And the most likely all of you, we get the, that we all counted the one. 

Oh, we still have a, how many people you still, and no one ended to mental hospital yet. Right? So at least that's a pretty good. So that means it hasn't deeply impact to you yet. 

Right? Then we tell you, okay. I tell you, I try to share. I tell you, this is a framework. 

It's a how do we use it? It's a framework, right? How do we, even we, even I give you your example, right? Started from the basic, the number one is a sleep. Why sleep, right? Why I'm not talking about the elimination as you talk about the sleep, right? Why so important? So does anyone will see these things? Why we use this? That's always has a reason behind it, right? Does anyone figure out why we talk about the sleep instead of talk about the others? Right? And then the second one, when we talk about what? You have to have to think about the lower back pain, right? Right. Lower back. 

So the area, what upper body, lower body is relationship, right? That's always the pain. Life is a pain, visible, invisible, male or female. There's always something called operation. 

How do we see that? How do we use the information? Then let's go back to the beginning of this course. We say the course has a purpose of the information, right? It's information. So you guys end this course or end these tours.

Many people catch that when they go to the tours, there's a lot of picture, right? A lot of data, a lot of data. That is almost like in the life, right? Think about in the life, in the health life, what do we focus on? In the mind, you always want the information, right? Mind, you want information, you want the data. And some people might be smart and say, oh, I don't want the information, I want the knowledge. 

But for the body, everybody want what? They want the nutrition, right? The nutrition is equal to what? Data. Information. Just think of this way, you might be able to understand. 

But today, most of the time, people share what? Nutrition. What is nutrition? What is nutrition? Your body need, right? Your body need. Without this nutrition, something's not right. 

So in order to get what? We are constantly, we want good nutrition. You get the nutrition. Meanwhile, when you're nutrition deficient, what's nutrition deficient? What are you going to do? You add the nutrition. 

But if your system is not right, if your organ doesn't work, what are you going to do with the nutrition? What's the nutrition going to do? Do nothing. In and out. It's exactly like it. 

What are you going to do for information? Yes, I have five elements. I know, yeah, the, you know, the fingers, eyes related to the livers, right? The seasons, you know, that's all information. That's called information. 

That's called the data. Now, the next level, what you need to do? You are not just need nutrition. You need to know how to nourish, right? The nourishment is not the nutrition. 

It's how to use the nutrition. Wisely, allow your body can absorb it, can digest it, can transform, right? That's the next level. Nourishment. 

That's at the body. Everybody will understand, oh, you need the nourishment. So the nourishment is not the nutrition anymore. 

It's the system. What kind of system? Now it's the same thing. Information is information. 

Element is element. That's just information, right? You have joints. Yes, I have a joint here, I have eyes, I have brains. 

That's all information. Which system? Which system will give you which angle, right? They give you an angle to see or give you a what? Give you a space or give you a time. Think of what I said, right? Remember we say space at the time. 

How do we see situation? It depends on what kind of system you use. Most of the system is to see through the reality, through the space. And another mini system will teach you how can you see through the reality from the time.

I just try to give you guys reviews, right? I constantly re-reinforce to you guys to say, hey, the time is more important than the space. Then where, when you can manipulate the time, you can enjoy your time. If you want to travel the world or particularly if you want to travel the invisible world to experience the consciousness. 

Sleep, right? The space doesn't change. You still lie down in the bed. That space is still there. 

But the time, your mind, your spirit came out of the body, right? The sleeping become one of the activity allow you have a chance to experience the time can be totally different thing. Entire Chinese medicine, the beauty of the Chinese medicine and the beauty of the five element consciousness is consciousness is the time. It's not element. 

Element is space. The consciousness of the element is the time. Does anyone recognize this now? Does anyone through this tour, through this course, as of today, the basic, in my opinion, one of the basic things you must change is when one day your doctor tell you, you have a high blood pressure, you won't be too scared. 

You won't be popped the pill immediately, right? At least you should understand why chasing the pill, why I'm trying to deal the effect instead of deal the cost, right? That's the must. You must truly understand this concept, right? You must be truly understand when the one thing happens that they are not just by itself. It's interrelationship. 

If this course still doesn't hit you at that angle, you better re-educate yourself or reset yourself. What's wrong with me? I'm sorry. I have to say that's right. 

What's wrong? Oh, what's wrong with me? I'm wrong because I haven't turned your mind yet, right? I try so hard. So anyone hasn't changed yet, please raise the hand. Or you can email to us. 

I want the money back. Too bad. There's no refund. 

That's it. You're done. That's the last course, right? There's no refund. 

So you got it. So you better continue. So we go back to the knowledge again, right? So the course is to tell you knowledge, right? You have the information, then you need the knowledge. 

The knowledge, and then you need the system. Different system will allow you through the different angle. Once through the angle, once through the time, through the different ways to understand, right? I shared my system, which is my angle, what I learned. 

So we say that our angle is through the what element, the what gate. If five elements, we say we through the what gate. Why we through the what gate? We are not through the fire gate.

We are not through the water gate. We have a plenty many reasons. So you guys better understand what's the reason? Why I doing this, right? Why I doing this? What's the happening, right? So because we are using this most time, most people try to use this five element consciousness framework to deal the health. 

Not many people try to deal the life yet. But however, this framework can help you not just deal the health, but also can help you recognize your health issues is caused by your life issues. That's the root cause.

And your life issues is caused by your consciousness levels. It's layer after layer, layer after layer. So we lead you, I try to lead you guys to see that framework itself. 

It's so simple, buried inside with us. Each one of us carry this system, five element consciousness system in our five major organs. But that's materialized.

But the non-materialized, the nature, right? Which is environment surround us is totally different. It's totally different. Then our solar system will be more different than the entire universe will be more different. 

I give you an example. So let me see. I draw the one as a nicer picture.

Where are they? Oh, here. That's interesting. Does anyone can see that? That's pretty good, right? So big circle is a body. 

That's what we are all focused as today, right? Does anyone doesn't? Yeah. That's a big swan, your body. The inner body has the second circles. 

It's your mind. It's your thought. It's your feelings. 

Then the smaller circle is your spirit. So what do you mean? Most of us, that's the today's situation. You focus on the big body.

You can recognize or you will not recognize. So if you recognize, you might go to see the therapist. You might understand your emotions, your mind, your feelings, but they are inside the body. 

But you'll never see outside. And forget about the spirit. Spirit just be buried so deeply in the third circle and it's hiding there. 

And once blue moon may be coming up. But through this study, what do we try to discover? We have to discover completely differently. So therefore, we have to discover the second. 

We have to discover spirit is the biggest circle. It's outside of you. And the mind, emotions is the second one. 

Your body, just the center. Your body is surrounded by your emotions. And your emotions is surrounded by outside spirit. 

Which means the spirit is much bigger. That's what the study is going to do. Now, most interesting things. 

If that's possible, I stole the question for you guys. You don't need the answer to me. So you just for the future, one of the blue moons. 

I hope that will happen. That will happen. Will be the last picture is you will have this balance. 

Left side and the right side. You from the body, then you understand the body is a spirit. Your mind still is the mind. 

But inside the body is a spirit and a spirit. Then you are the spirit. The both is a flip and become oneness. 

That's my goal. That's what I learned from my master. That's a wish. 

I haven't get to that point yet, right? I wish you guys can get it before me. That would be great. Then I can close my eyes and then I can, you know, tell all the masters. 

Yes, I passed this information. I think I'm more than information. I'm not just, I also give you guys, what do I give it to? I give you guys the knowledge. 

I'm not just giving you guys the information. I also give you guys the knowledge. I give you guys the system.

Through the system, you might be able to discover, right? At least through this system, I discover something more. So what is the system? What is the one of the most important in order to discover your body? It's not just your body. Your body is the mirror of the spirit.

What is Qi, right? The Qi. The Qi is the miracle. The miracle or Qi is the mirror or Qi is the bridge. 

So without the Qi, all of this talking, all of this information or knowledge still is rational mind. I will say this, without the Qi, that still is the rational mind, the knowledge. It's not the intuitive mind, the knowledge. 

So therefore they only can stay in the knowledge level. They never can manifest into the wisdom level. You see the difference? I hope that I passed this secret. 

It's how to transform the knowledge become wisdom. The knowledge can pass by book, by language, by taking it, but the wisdom cannot. So I cannot give you guys the wisdom, but I can tell you how to define, how to discover your wisdom buried inside of this five element consciousness framework. 

So therefore what you need to do is what? The last step is called the code vision, right? So the first step you guys is gathering the nutrition. That's what you need. You need to eat. 

Eat for the body, eat for the mind, eat for your desire, right? Eat for your eyes. And you know, think about it. You're working in the cafe. 

Wow. You all eat by eyes first, right? That's called information. Nutrition.

Then you have to go through the nutrition, become nourishment. Then through the nourishment, you have to discover how to cultivate yourself. The code vision becomes so important. 

It's a self-discovery. Otherwise, you're always the tourist. You only become tourist guide. 

You see the tourist guide? You're walking in fastening belt. That's it. Buy the souvenir and take a picture. 

You cannot be the tourist. If you want to discover the truth, you have to be the explorers. Discover something by yourself, not for me, right? Then your code vision is important, which is your body, mind, spirit. 

You have to truly experience through the qi. Without the qi, without the real qi, I'm not saying the qi, everybody says, oh yeah, yesterday so many people practiced qi. Oh, I practiced qi, even they practiced for 20 years. 

Do they really know qi? No. They still don't feel it, right? Without the truly feel the qi, true. Without the truly feel the qi, then you never will truly understand and the consciousness exist. 

Then the consciousness of the five elements is just the words. It has no real impact to you. You will never truly understand our body, just the shadow of the universe. 

I think I covered a lot of stuff for you guys. That's the always the name. That's as the Zhuangzi always say, called Huangzi Wuduang, that's Chinese. 

In the other words, English say that every ending is the new beginning. It's the circle. It's like the no beginning, there's no end. 

There's always a connect. So today is the last class, but today is the new beginning of each one of us. New challenge, new discovery of the new life.

That's it. I think I discovered a lot. I think I give you guys a lot, which is that is the truth.

I give you guys a lot. So therefore, I really wish you guys came at least the way what I discovered, what I studied for barely for more than 25 years. I experienced, used this for 35 years. 

You guys can get it right now. Now you can stay there. And for now, you go up, you save 25 years. 

Without studying Chinese, how good is it? Without talking to the master, much easier, right? All right. Do we want to open for questions? Yeah, we can open for questions. I know some people might have a lot of questions. 

Some people know questions. Some people discover the enlightenment. Please raise your hand if you have questions, but while we're waiting for the questions to come in, I do have a question. 

We go through life, 40, 50, 60, 70 years, whatever it is, and we build up our own beliefs, and we have what we think are our discoveries, right? And then we study some more, and you say, continue with this information, this knowledge. You have to self-cultivate. Is there any kind of shortcut to dropping the stubborn mind that keeps you on your same path? Because no matter what you hear, eventually, some of it stays in and some of it drops away, unless you are very special, right? You have every knowledge, which is to say that it's knowledge or information. 

Information is a data. Most likely, it's useless, right? Just like a phone. But if the knowledge you don't apply into your life, it's useless. 

It's like a car, right? It's like a car. So if it's almost like information, it's like five gallons of gas. What are you going to do? You're scared if you don't have a car, right? You cannot drive the long motor on the highway. 

You cannot, right? Just add your backyard, it might be okay, right? However, if you say, I want to use this five-gallon, ten-gallon gas, you need a car, and the car must be a drivable car, right? So the concept of why I say this is you need to use this to experience, to try it in your life, to impact your own life, right? So that is important. You use what you learned and try to start your own healing journey. So someone is a practitioner, can you use what you learned, how to see the illness and the disease differently, how to see your patient differently, how to allow yourself to change, right? That's always a constant in and out, constant change. 

Rational mind, intuitive mind, rational mind, intuitive mind. You have to continuously use this. Then you have to also, you have to or you must go beyond, which is do not stuck in the rational mind, which is you can see many people so good for BS. 

They can talk, but they cannot treat the patient. They cannot treat it. They cannot use.

Because this concept only exists in the classical Chinese medicine. Why I say that today's Chinese medicine doesn't use these kind of things anymore. They talk about that. 

They don't use because they don't study this. In the class, in the college, only a few class, finished. Each class is 45 minutes. 

How many class in the five element class here acupuncture school, you should ask it. How many class they talk about the five elements? Do they go to that detail? Do they use this kind of way constantly thinking? No, they talk about it. They don't use. 

So you have to continuously use because it's not yours, but it's yours. I still say that this is a very difficult concept. It's yours.

You don't recognize it's yours. And then therefore you cannot use. You cannot use. 

So here it's difficult, you know, for today. So that's why we have to understand two of the major things that we haven't truly getting deep enough in this course. And the one is the qi, right? One is the qi. 

The second one is the meridians, right? The second one is the meridians. I think in yang concept, I give a little bit, but not a real deeply and a little bit over there. So can be enough to under, to play this, but not deep enough, right? So a couple of fundamental things we're still missing, but still okay. 

At least we can allow you to start for human journey. You cannot wait. You have to start, right? You have to start to try to use the experience and see the result. 

They must show your result. If it doesn't show your result, that means you haven't followed the natural law. You changed it. 

You changed it by your own egos, by your own creations. Okay. Thank you. 

Natalie, go ahead. Good evening, everyone. Hi, Master Liu. 

Thank you so much for this. It's really lovely, and it means a lot to me. I'm sure to every single person here. 

I have a question about the body, mind, spirit drawing that you showed us, and I'm loving your book, by the way. It's so good. And I read, I just read about that you talked about, and I think it's fitting because we're going into the heart season, that the heart, you know, there's many components of the spirit. 

Each of the five element has one. Well, each of the major organs have one, each of the five major organs. But you said that the heart can hold the materialization of the spirit.

So I wanted to ask, how do you relate that to the drawing that you gave us? When you say spirit, is this just all of the elements of the spirit put together? Are you talking about the one within the heart? It's all the spirit. Okay. The heart is, the heart, you can, you can think of the heart is the leader, but the different spirit has a different capabilities.

Can you say, sorry, hold on. No, I mute myself. Could you say that one more time? I heard you, but I want to hear you again. 

Sorry. You have to think in this way, the spirit, right? When we talk about the spirit, that's a two kind way people often commingle, I use the word, right? They're mixed together. So what is the spirit? So one spirit is the own identity, the spirit. 

That's one kind of spirit, right? That spirit never changed. Who you are never changed. That's the one kind of spirit, right? So most likely, and most people never discovered it. 

So that's why they say the ancient masters always say, unless you discover yourself, you'll never discover the God. You never discover the truth because well, you never see yourself, right? So therefore that is the true one kind of spirit, which is each one of the us never change. So therefore in the Buddha's say is what, we connect life to life, right? Continues in this circle, right? No beginning, no ends, and continues, right? That's the spirit. 

Each life changes different bodies, different nationalities. That spirit never change. That's the own identity. 

But that spirit itself also will manifest at the different ways, just like, you know, in a company, chairman is a chairman, and then they have a CEO, CFO, all of these. That's the other organ, each organ's spirit. Each organ's spirit has contained it in the real spirit. 

Just like you are the child of your parents. Then you definitely have somewhere just like your kids, maybe notes like you, maybe eyes like you, right? Each organ has own spirit. Then therefore they are all pieces of the real spirit, which is who you are. 

I mean, this, for example, we say, okay, I say that my liver, a lot of the liver, has a liver spirit. But the liver spirit will always show a piece of the real spirit, which is your true identity. Then also has their own personalized the spirit, personalized in the spirit, in the liver. 

Then this liver will have a personalized association and the frequency with the nature, seasons, trees, you know, any kind of wood elements, right? So therefore they can go out, oh, this is my cousin, right? They see the tree, oh, this is my cousin. Can you say that? Maybe, maybe not, right? Unless, so that's why I say, unless through your cultivation, through the Qi practice, you will recognize, wow, when I pass the tree, I feel the pain of the tree. The words without the words, then it's the touch.

Then that's called a spirit connect. That's the difference. So when I draw this circle, it's a spirit, it's contained everything. 

So instead of specific to say, oh, it's my liver spirit or something, just like a big spirit. Thank you. Nancy. 

Hi, Nancy. Thank you so much. Just thank you. 

So you said one evening that the Qi and the blood are interchangeable. I think you said the blood was the M, was the material. And so where in all of this is the breath? What? Where is the breath? The air. 

The air is nothing or something. And I cannot say nothing. It's a something.

It's a something to allow you look like you still life. Oh, well, that certainly gives me the feeling that I'm still alive. You see that when someone doesn't breathe, still doesn't mean you are dying.

Because you don't have air in, you don't have air out. Even your heart stop beating, still doesn't mean you are dying, unless your real Qi in the meridians disappear. That means you are dying. 

Do I make myself clear? You don't breathe, doesn't mean you don't have air, doesn't mean you are dying. That's the Qi. That is not Qi. 

That's two kind of level Qi. One is the Qi everybody has. You will breathe in, you will breathe out. 

Chinese medicine talk about Qi. That's all everybody has. The other Qi is the Qi in the meridians run without special practice, special right away to practice. 

You never can discover. So 99% of the time and 99% people never have the chance experience real life, real life. So therefore, in the tradition, they say you are dreaming. 

How do you know that's not dream? That's right. When you wake up, you are dreaming. When you sleep, that might be the real. 

In the dream of the dream, right? You don't know. You don't know what's the real life. You don't know. 

The meridians, you never experience it. So that's why when you die, when you doesn't breathe, the meridians disappear. The one of the real life disappear. 

But not right away. They might go away first. If they're gone, then you're dead. 

You're finished, right? So that's why when you don't breathe, it doesn't mean you are dying. Only when you don't have Qi. So therefore, definition is a totally different. 

Okay. Thank you. Lots to think about. 

Yes. All right. Hi, Orla. 

Hi. My question is about applying the five element consciousness to a case where somebody has cataracts. So we know from earlier classes, the way to treat cataracts is bladder meridian mainly, and then liver also.

So then to create a triangle, the obvious triangle would be the kidney to the liver to the stomach. Because that's a lot of my experience of creating triangles. That's the treatment plan. 

But I'm not satisfied with that level of understanding. I feel like I don't understand at all why I'm choosing this based on the five elements. I'm choosing this based on a previous class where I learned that cataracts are treated, are a bladder meridian problem.

So can you help me understand how to bring five element spirit into that? You can. So that would be too much to talk about, require a lot of fundamental buildup. I just give you a shortcut. 

That's the result. And just do that. You don't need to ask why, you don't need to ask how, you just need to ask what is.

Until you build the relationship with the outcome. See, that's the real difference is called the between how to call the normal student or indoor student. The actual, you know, normal students, everybody learned the information, you all got the things and then you just couldn't do that.

The real student will go to deep, continues, continues, continue, until one day you have to discover yourself. You wait out to discover self or give it to you, still give you us the information, the information you cannot handle. Okay. 

Thank you. Lots of study, Orla. We all do.

Hi, Marie. Hi, Master Liu. I was wondering if you can talk more about the birth year, say someone's born in a wood year or a fire year that you said is supposedly their stronger element. 

So how do you help the patient? What do you do specifically? Are there different ways like needles? Is it talking to them? Is it herbs to help them kind of use that energy so that they can support their own healing? Well, that's just what I said at the beginning. How do we see the light? All right. You can see the light based on the space. 

You can see the light based on the time. When we say that the birth date is important, we are based on the time. We are not based on the space. 

It's not that you born with the rich people, you will have a good life. Right. You know, you can born with a rich family. 

You have everything. Doesn't mean you have a good life because one is based on the space. One is based on the time. 

Time means when you are born at that time is nature's. The five elements, these five elements, the circle is 60 years. One circle, one cycle, 60 years. 

In this 60 years, that's every 12 years similar. Right. So therefore, in the other words, we say you are the child of the universe.

During the pregnancy, your parents used the materialized genetic code combining non-materialized qi, nature's qi, universal qi to create your unique physical body and allow you to use this body with the materialized genetic code with the non-materialized universal qi to deal with your entire life. So that's why they say answer lies within. So that's why in the class, in this course, we discovered that, right, we say that your stomach is your what? Your stomach is what's the organ? Do you mean the earth? Is that what you're asking? Yeah, it's the earth, but also compared for the kidney. 

Kidney is what? Your entire genetic code, right? The kidney is for genetic code. Then stomach is for what? Stomach is after you're born, right? Yeah, postnatal. That's right. 

So I mean, therefore, these two organs is not a drug. They are relationships. What kind of relationship? Support. 

So in order to discover your genetic code, you must use your digestive system, your adaptive system, which is your entire stomach. So in this course, we already discussed, allow you to see these things. So how do you do that? Then you just have to see that. 

You have to see that genetic is what you have. Adaptive is what? How do you use? You can have all of this information, just like this course will be finished now. So each one of you has all of this information, maybe knowledge, but how to apply? How to use? It depends on each one of your intuitive mind and rational mind cooperation.

It depends on what do you truly want to use this to discover at which level? Which level you want to discover? So would you say you can only really influence your rational mind by like changing your beliefs and your thinking, but your intuitive mind just sort of is like, I can't control my dreams or my, you know, or when you have intuition, would you say that's the way it is? No, the intuitive mind needs different ways to, how to say that? Intuitive mind needs different ways to cooperate. It's a different kind of processing. The rational mind is the way we learned from the school. 

The other school, what we gather is how to manipulate the rational mind, right? But intuitive mind has a tool, the different kind of meditation, different kind of chivalry practice, and therefore different system has different ways how to stimulate it and how to use intuitive mind. I only can say that that way. Okay. 

Thank you. Isn't that a form of cultivation as well? No, it's a different levels of the cultivation. Okay. 

Hello, Helen. Hello. Hi. 

I'm kind of new because I joined in late with this group, but it's been an incredible experience. So thank you all. And thank you, Master Liu. 

I had a question. I've had Lyme's disease on and off and on and off. And I've tried this and that and magnets and frequency things. 

And I finally landed in a place, which was one of the reasons I'm at this course, that the only way I can find a sort of peace with this Lyme's is to balance my system. So I am not susceptible to every critter that comes along. But my question here is you've helped people find out what to do for Lyme's or say cataracts or whatever, but it feels like such an art form, this that you do, it feels like for each person to balance their system has got to be a completely different approach. 

How do you do that? Your intuition, right? So that's a whole concept. It's got to tell you there are five gates. You have a freedom. 

That's what we want. We live in the United States of America. Everybody wants to have a free will. 

So if I tell you that's the only way, I'm kidding you. So that's why I tell you free will. So what is a free will going to give it to you? Your intuitive mind. 

But so far, you haven't have an intuitive mind yet because you still buy, you still buy, somebody tell you, you have a Lyme's disease. Yeah. If you say, oh, they make a mistake, the entire past would be erased. 

Think about what I say. Because you still focus on the space. You haven't focused on the time. 

So when you see the sentence differently, then it's not a Lyme anymore. Can be different, right? So I think the last class, we'll talk about the quantum physics and modern science. From the modern science point of view, if someone tell you, you have a Lyme disease, you know, they are not a modern science, right? They are classical science. 

So therefore they can identify the Lyme. If a modern science, they don't see the Lyme, what they see? They see the energy transition. They see energy processing, right? So then therefore you have to ask yourself, are you going to stand in the modern science point of view to understand yourself? Or are you going to stand on the classical science, the point of view and carry this heavy disease, the labors for the rest of life? Modern science. 

Yes, that's right. Nothing is everything, right? Yes. Change the angle.

So how do you change the angle? Now go back to this concept again, right? Yes. Each one of us is unique. So that's why five element framework is so powerful. 

It's just like a car. It's the same car, but it's the driver's skill, right? The five elements framework is like a car. Do you have a skill to drive? How do you want to drive? Where do you want to drive? Right? You have to see yourself. 

What's your gift? You have to ask yourself, what's your gift? Use your gift wisely because the gift comes from your genetic code, right? You don't say, I bought it from the Amazon. You didn't buy it. Yeah. 

You didn't upgrade the gift. The gift comes with you. So therefore use your gift. 

Apply this gift. You look like you are behind some kind of keyboard, right? You play the keyboard. So what is your favorite song? Now listen to me. 

It's the same way. What's the favorite song would you have? Yeah. So why? Why the song touch you? Why? So when the song touch you, touch you at a different level, which level they touch you? I'm just giving you a different way. 

So now look at that. If that's the keyboard, right? So keyboard come out, it's not a key, it's not a piano now. They use the data. 

They use the electricity, the frequency. Even though sound can be like a piano, but it's not piano, but doesn't matter. Doesn't matter.

The matter is the sound itself recording your happiness feelings. That feeling itself will help you reset, reset your healing power. Maybe you'll be able to use this emotional power start for the healing. 

You have to believe in yourself, right? Don't carry other people's label thinking, oh, you have Lyme disease. Yes. Just like that. 

Look at that. If a covert can be manipulated by that way, can you imagine the Lyme disease? I'm just saying that this way, right? You just think about it. Even covert can be do this way. 

The lie is more easier. Fear never fail. Fear doesn't hire the lawyer to sue the government, right? Have you seen the fears, you know, the thousands of years, you know, test. 

No, you are wrong. We don't have a disease. We don't carry the lines. 

No. Thank you. You're welcome. 

Totally get what you're saying. Yes. I hope. 

Yeah. I really hope that you can use this kind of concept, start that you are healing. Use this five element framework of cancer. 

Okay. I can start that. I have a genetic code. 

I believe that they are no accidents. Hi, Rachel. Hi, good evening. 

Thank you. I've really been enjoying the aspect of the invisible medicine. I'm trying to kind of that last picture you put up where you had sort of the body and the spirit on the outside. 

Are you trying to show that like, as we do the Qi Gong and we work on our bodies, we're basically, you know, whatever, doing something to our meridians, making our meridians more healthy or more activated or moving Qi or something that I don't understand yet. But that's basically connecting us. You know, that's like a way in sort of to our connection to nature and the universe. 

So the physical aspect of what we do, like practicing the Qi Gong is like as important, say, as, you know, looking at the flower and feeling the joy and seeing, you know, expressions of, you know, peaceful things out in the world and working on our like peace of mind. And do you see those two practices as like equally important or is what are they, you know, is one because it seems like they both have material and invisible aspects to their benefits. Like you can do Qi Gong and make yourself stronger and more flexible, but you can also use it to connect to the spiritual world. 

And so it's kind of like, because I work with animals, you know, I find that if they're not happy, you know, anything I do to their body doesn't really work and kind of vice versa. And so you really can see this very, you know, the relationship of the physical aspect because they use their bodies to feel safe. And then the, you know, the mental aspect of how they feel because they're more connected to nature. 

And I feel like we're sort of more disconnected from that. And I was just trying to, I don't know if that I'm oversimplifying things. It's difficult to simplify that because the animal is an animal universe. 

The human is a human universe, even though we are living in the same earth, but we under the same rules, but we manipulate it. Animal doesn't manipulate. Animal try to adapt. 

Animal try to adapt. Animal one, you know, their partners die, they don't go to the funeral. They respect, then they say that, then they move on their life.

Right. The animal will know when the weather's change, they have to do something different. We don't. 

Right. So then therefore, in order to truly understand this, yes, Qigong practice is just giving you a step stone to allow you experience invisible world exist. That's all.

Otherwise, how do you see, how do you can say, oh, can consciousness exist? No, you don't have experience. You don't have experience. Consciousness exists. 

So yes, we do. Each one of us have a dream, but in the dreaming, you can see, or you can feel, but you cannot say that's real. It's real. 

Only you know it's real, but that real only in your dreaming world, but you cannot apply to the reality yet, unless you through the special training, special practice, which is no such a school. I want my experience now. Hi, Joanna. 

Good evening, Master Liu. Good evening, everybody. Thank you so much for this course. 

It truly is a gift. I was looking at the pattern in the five-element circle, and so it seems like some of the, what would I call it, characteristics go along with the mother-child circle, like the directions or the development of things, but then other things don't, like the times, for example, that the organs are in charge, and I'm curious, is there a reason behind that, or was that simply what the Masters observed, that's when the organs are in charge, and that's how it was written down? That's why I leave this one called the mystery of the five elements, right? I didn't say I tell you guys the whole truth. I tell the part of the truth, a little bit of the truth, but not the whole truth, right? The whole truth is we have to continuously discover why in this framework, why ancient Masters put this into this framework.

How do they discover this framework? They discover this framework doesn't mean you discover that framework, right? We're just thinking we are entitled to use it. That's not your framework. That's universal law, right? Then how to apply this law become your life, right? How to allow, think of this, that's the first level, which is now our level, is how can we apply this five element universal law to our life to make a difference, right? Then later, which is the highest level, Chinese always say, idea is you become part of the universe, so which means that how can we reach it to the level that the five elements run you, instead you use five elements. 

Think of this way, right? Right now you use five elements. Can you believe one day let the five elements use you? You are the chosen one. Can you do that? Not yet, right? That's a lot of trust. 

I'm telling you, there's a lot of trust. You have to provide yourself and tell these assistants, take me, I am the chosen one, right? But without faith, without the trust, without your identity, but everyone doesn't want to drop the identity, right? So that's why in the Tao, Zhuangzi always say, if we can drop our identity and travel the light like a tourist and nothing will harm, can we? That's too high. It's a dream, right? We're all holding identity, our numbers, mine, mine, mine. 

There's nothing, there's no mine anymore, no me. Can we drop this identity? Then you'll be part of the element. Then the element will take you. 

Even you have a year, month, day, right? What year you're born, you say, oh, my element is wood, but can you drop it? Can you drop your identity? Let the wood element, the consciousness of the wood element take you, be part of this, right? It's not easy, not easy. So that's right, that's called the code of vision. That's the third level of what we try to do, which is the highest level of how to use this five element consciousness framework. 

It's called vision. At the end, we wish the element can use us instead of we use the element. Understand what I tried to say there? I think so, yeah.

Yeah, thank you. You're welcome. Okay, last question, Alexandra.

My question is about dreams. And sometimes I have dreams about old people in my life. And sometimes I go back and forth with myself of like, you know, there are no accidents. 

So is there a reason for this old friend coming up in my dream? Like, you know, is that there for a purpose? Or should I just let it go? I won't give you a true answer. Otherwise, everybody, I have to open the next class called the Dreaming Analyze. How to diagnosis the dream.

That'll be the more exciting, exciting class. How do we see the signs of the dream? That's totally different. I shouldn't do this to you. 

But anyway, you have to use this way, these elements try to change your life. Then absorb it and watch the dream changes. Then letter by letter, to discover the truth. 

Don't try to get the answer immediately. Because you might be at the middle of the process. Yes, my question is how to use the elements.

Don't use them to the dream. You just have to change the life. Your life will change. 

Your dream will change. Okay. Thank you. 

That's it, Master Liu. All right. So, so far we are pretty successful for the end of this class. 

So I just give each one of your best wish. And don't use this as the information, right? It's a very valuable. It's the tape. 

It's a very valuable framework, right? We say that at the beginning, you know, if the Dao, no one understanding the Dao. In the Dao reborn, Dao created and the one and the oneness. And no one can do the oneness.

No one can perform the oneness yet. But at least we understand oneness can be the yin and yang. So how can we discover the yin and yang? And how can we in the yin and yang the level try to understand the Dao? Five element framework is the vehicle. 

Thank you very much. See you guys somewhere, somehow, and sometime. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you. Thank you.
---- END FILE: Consciousness of 5 Elements Final Call 6.16.25.txt ----

---- BEGIN FILE: Modern Science And TCM 6.09.25.txt ----
Let's see who's gonna first. That's always interesting. Who's first? Oh, today's, ah, she got the first one, Papa. 

That's interesting. We should figure out who, you know, what make it that someone would be the first one in the lineup at the end. Are they in the waiting list first? No. 

No? Huh. Alphabetical. Okay. 

Today's, who's the first one? Let me see. It's NR88. You are the first one. 

Wow. It's so exciting. Yeah. 

You know, the first one always be shut down. You know, if the birds in flight, first one, boom. Yeah. 

For the Dao, never be the first one. Be the second one. Okay. 

One day you are famous, even though you can be the number one, do not be the number one. Always be the second. Okay. 

Then you say, oh, I learned the real secret of the Dao, behind the curtain. I know it's totally against the Western concept. It's tough.

So tonight, Master Liu, this is our 13th session together. 13. Wow. 

13. Yeah. We'll go to the 14th. 

I suppose it should be 316. I don't want to go to 316. Okay. 

That's enough for tonight. And next week, one more will be done. Yes, sir. 

And you wanted to go deeper into how modern science and traditional Chinese medicine have so many similarities and how we can apply these similarities to our daily life. So take it away. All right. 

So I think we've done the most fundamental things. So the name, the last two class, we need to wrap it up. Right. 

So what do we really learn here? So one thing you can be proud of yourself, we are learning ancient wisdoms. The other way, we usually are more proud of yourself. You are learning the ancient modern science. 

It is because even though modern science talks about a lot of stuff in this five element framework, in my opinion, they are covered. So today we know the three major areas we talk about the modern science. Right. 

So one is relativity theories. The other one will be quantum physics. And the third one is a chaos of theories.

Right. So each one has their own unique way to describe the nature. The concept is nature.

How does the modern science try to discuss or discover the nature? That's modern science use. But the good thing is that modern science use. So how the ancient master use this kind of concept, but without it, use the same language. 

See, that's what I try to, not what I try to tonight, I'm trying to make this a bridge, make it the easiest way. How do I understand and how do I apply this concept? And you see what I wear, that is one of the t-shirt. I love the E equal to MC squared. 

Right. So first we are going to the one is the quantum theories. Right. 

It's interesting. Quantum, even the movie, they make us the quantum. Right. 

So the quantum becomes so important. So in the quantum theories and tell us one thing is so important. You say we can never, never isolated to the entire whole war anymore, because once we penetrate down to the subatomic level and the war doesn't show us as the classical science is, can be identified, can be discriminated by smallest unit. 

Right. That's classical science. So therefore you see the classical science always want to find what kind of particle and what kind of violence and what kind of disease they go deep, deep, deep, deep. 

They try to find the identity. But the scientists say, hey, when you find that, when you go down as a nothing there, they only show you is interconnect the energy. Right. 

It's interconnect energy. Hey, get out. It's interconnect energy. 

So that this interconnect energy, what is that going to do for us? Right. So then therefore they show you, they show you the few things they show. You say we can never speak, never can speak. 

We can never speak about the nature, they say. Right. If we want to describe the nature, the science and quantum theorists tell us you must be speaking yourself at the same time. 

So what is that going to do? That's the quantum theories. So look at the five element theory. So five element framework. 

So can we just say the element of the liver or element of the wood without understanding my liver elements? Remember what I say that the frequency, we say the qi field, in this qi field is a connect. You cannot, we can never can say about the liver qi and without understanding liver essence, without understanding and the liver related to the seasons, related to the natures, related to your body parts. Right. 

That's the framework tell you. The framework can tell you every single thing, single elements that they are interconnected. When you talk about the liver and also you have to talk about what's the relationship with the fire, with the earth, with the metals, with the waters. 

So therefore, when we talk about the liver, so that immediately does your, the physical, this liver are related to your blood. There's a physical, the liver, what you think of the liver, that's related to your invisible liver meridians. There's a physical liver related to your dry hair or smooth, beautiful hair. 

That's your liver related to your eyesight. There's a liver related to your joints. Can you be flexible? Look at this.

All of these areas is interconnected. You never can separate. Therefore, when we look at this framework, do we look at it as just the one element, or we look at it as the whole five element consciousness. 

So here has one more stuff, which is even today's quantum theorists tell us, our consciousness is to be part of the observation. Then the practitioners become so important. Practitioners become last chain, last chain between disease, patients, and practitioners. 

They create a unique network. That's what this framework tells us. But that framework also shows, as the modern science shows you, hey, we cannot do this. 

Do we do this? We don't, right? In these five elements, we do exactly the same way as the quantum theorists talk about, because everything's connected. From the smallest, the body parts, until your qi, until invisible qi and invisible consciousness, to the biggest nature, season, even planet, right? The one element, your liver, can connect to, I think it's Jupiter. Oh, not Jupiter. 

It's the, what is the planet? It's, let me see, what is the planet with this, with the, well, suddenly my mind doesn't go there anymore. So leave it there first. We'll come back to here. 

We go to these quantum theories. So the quantum theory is easy, but it's not easy. Easy is given to us to say, we cannot separate the things anymore. 

So every time we talk about the condition, every time we talk about the illness, every time we talk about the life, we talk about the emotions, everything is a connect. So in this framework, that's exactly tell us. So therefore should be much easier to see. 

Well, I can see, I can see my liver related to the time, related to the season, related to the joint. That's just the liver itself. But also I can see the liver has all the relationship with heart, stomach, and the lung, and the kidney, right? The framework can tell you exactly the way. 

That's a pretty simple, in my opinion. So you can say one thing, yes, five element consciousness framework is the ancient quantum theories framework. Make sense? Yes, absolutely makes sense. 

Because they just don't say that the same way as today modern science says. Now we'll go to the second one. What is the second one? Second one is a relativity theories, right? That's the most different, exciting theories. 

Because the relativity theories given to us is one of the Soviet way, in my opinion, is that they can take two totally unrelated concepts and making they become unified at the highest level. What does that mean? That means E can equal to mc squared. What does that mean? That means that matters and energy not separate anymore. 

The matter and the energy are interchangeable. So that's why E is represented as the energy and it's a matter. C is the speed of the light. 

This framework tells us no longer we can say matter is a matter anymore. You can say this is a matter, but you can also say that it's energy. That's the western new vocabulary. 

But we translate it as the energy. What do we say? Qi. So the Qi becomes much bigger than the energy, right? We say Qi has what? Has four categories.

The first one is energy. Second one is what? Information. Then the third one is the wisdom.

Then the fourth one is the source of the life. Now look at this. So the Qi will become much bigger. 

So therefore we can change this formula to become Qi equal to mc squared. Can we? Why not? Now once you're doing this, what are we going to use this concept in our framework in Chinese medicine? The Chinese medicine uses this concept so wisely, so wisely. They call the Qi and the blood are interchangeable. 

Qi and the blood are interchangeable. Visible and invisible are interchangeable. So in the clinic, so let me show you. 

In the clinic, how do we apply this concept? We do this all the time, right? So suppose the patient walks in. This patient says, oh, I have a limit. My red blood cell is too low. 

So the doctor wants me to take a pill. But the pill costs the patient as a reflux. But still there's an increase in your red blood cell, right? The blood is a matter. 

It's imaginable. Understand? Energy is the Qi, not imaginable. So what is the Chinese medicine? Chinese medicine doesn't give you blood. 

Tell you go, go, go to the Chinatown, buy the, you know, buy the duck blood and eat the blood. Yes. Sometimes they tell you eat the blood, blood good for the blood. 

Most Western where they can get blood, they can. So what do they do? What are we going to do? In Chinese medicine state, all of this limit is caused by liver function disorder. It's the liver Qi function, liver Qi deficiency.

So we change the liver Qi. We can increase the red blood cell. We never give you the blood.

We never give it that, what I call the pills. We change the Qi. You can use herb.

You can use herb to change. Herb doesn't try to increase in the blood. Herb try to change the function, the level of the Qi, the level of the liver Qi changed. 

You can use acupuncture needles. You can use blood. You can use the herbs as long as you treat the liver function, which is the liver Qi. 

Liver Qi change, red blood cell increasing. How simple is it? We've been using this for thousands of years. You know, for example, right? I'll give you another example. 

After you deliver the baby, right? Many women deliver the baby because you lose a lot of blood. Now you what? You have a low fever, difficult to treat. No matter how many times test to try to find that they think you have infection, there's no infection. 

Because what? You lost the blood. You lost the Qi. Nobody show us the low fever. 

So the fever become symptoms or signs of the Qi deficiency, but also due to the blood deficiency. That's the simple things in the Chinese medicine. We'll do what we do. 

We increasing the Qi. So at the five element framework, what do we say? We say stomach is the organ can create the Qi. The liver is the organ can transport the Qi and the blood, right? So the stomach going to create the blood, the liver going to transform the blood. 

So we make these two organs together, create the team effort, then we are not dealing the blood, we are dealing the Qi. So we change the Qi level, then we change the blood level. That's the first one called the energy and the matters are interchangeable. 

Then apply these things. How to apply this in this framework? So once these things happens, then we can no longer talk about any kind of illness and the disease that's always become is what? Is a matter problems or is the energy deficiency, right? So I think everyone heard that how Chinese medicine look at the high blood pressure. So high blood pressure is the matter. 

So you see materialized things are higher, the blood pressure is higher, but the real root cause is the organ Qi deficiency, right? Energy deficiency. So what do we do? We change the organ function, then the blood pressure will jump, create a balance. See, how do we do that? That's what we do. 

That's what we see. That's the framework going to tell us we never deal directly. That's this concept always there. 

Energy and the matters are interchangeable. Qi and the matters interchangeable. So that's why in the Chinese medicine never directly give the name. 

That's always called a disease. What kind of Qi function disorder? What kind of Qi deficiency, right? They always use Qi instead of say disease. Second one, right? The second one interesting concept in the relativity theories, the classical thinking, the space and the time is a totally separate. 

In the nootonic science, space and the time cannot be together, must be separate. But the modern science will tell you space and the time can be as the oneness at the highest four dimensional level. So once go higher, then space and the time cannot be separated anymore. 

That's the modern science. But this concept hasn't been used in Chinese medicine for thousands of years. And also it's the one of the specialty, specialty in Chinese medicine.

I can say that. And the totally unlike it, because something you can fight it, we know you can say comparison to the Western medicine. Only this part is no comparison at all, because most likely Western medicine is a focus on the space.

And the good Chinese medicine always focus on the time. You see what I try to say that it's always time because they believe cost issue always at the invisible. Time is invisible, the time. 

But the only difference here, see how to recognize the time. That's the most exciting, in my opinion, is the most exciting topic in Chinese medicine. So you can talk about the time is your biological time, your cell time, because it's a biological time and then each time has a totally different time.

Your red blood cell, what's the time to complete the one cycle? Your menstrual cycle, what is the time? Your menstrual cycle time, one cycle is what? It's the moon cycle, every month, right? 30 days, that's your time. Your menstrual cycle is the time, it's the month, that's the time. Biological time.

Now if a biological time is so important with illness, with the space, now think about it, your birthday time, what is the birthday time? You're born, you're only born once, right? But does you're born every year? We just have a morning Qigong, we do the every year birthday. So in that year and the month and the day and the time, the time and the time of the year, time of the month is you're born. What is you're born? You exist, you carry all the energy from the universe, waiting for many, many, many months. 

Some people six months, seven months, eight months, nine months, and some people even 10 months, right? Nine months, so you're born. So therefore, every year at this time, it is your time, it's your reconnected time of what? Of your life source. So therefore, your birthday is not the best time for have a party, your birthday is the best time to upgrade your energy, reconnect to the life source, by giving the other kind of time. 

So when we say the time, right? In the five elements chart, so what do you see the time of the liver time? Liver time is at what? The what element? Liver time, 11 p.m., right? To the 1 p.m., that's liver time. So therefore, every day at this time is your organs time and the liver time. So therefore, every time if you have a physical issue at doing this time, who is the responsibility? Liver, right? You see the time? Now you see the time being used in Chinese medicine so well. 

Like today, we have one more, now it's springtime. So we have what? Hay fever, allergy. So the hay fever and allergy, even though has a sentence, all the sentence at what? Your respiratory areas, right? Your nose, your eyes, your throat, your lungs. 

But instead of to treat the location, which is a space, the Chinese medicine will focus on treat the time. The hay fever is not a space issue, it's the time issue, because they only come by season, right? This kind of allergy only come by season. You will suffer for a couple weeks, they're gone. 

Then also, this kind of allergy never go to deeper. Unlike you catch a cold, start you're sneezy, then runny nose, become sore throat, and then bronchitis, and then you become stomach issue, and then the condition getting deeper and deeper, and then stuck there many, many, many months. But allergy, hay fever doesn't go there, because they are belong to the time, which is the season. 

Nature's time, not the human's time. You see the difference? Now, I give you the other time, so that's called organ time. But what is the time of your meridian's time, right? Your meridian's time can be as the organ time, but the meridian's time with organ time will cover different space. 

Now, you understand now? Because the meridian's running through the body, run the many different space than the time. So you see the difference? So now you know the meridian's time, organ's time, and the season's time, cell's time. Now, how about your emotional time? Your emotions can manipulate all the different times.

Your memory is based on the time, based on your emotions. Your memory is not based on the limited time, or I can save my memory, start with the youngest to oldest by days. Your memory never saved by time, your memory saved by emotions. 

So this information in Chinese medicine has been used to treat memory loss, never treat the memory, they treat what? Emotions. You see that? Now I give you a last one, the most exciting time is a dream. In your dream, all the time can change.

You can change all the different times, you can take many different people at the different seasons and even different history, many years ago, and put the same night as one nice dream. How lucky you are, you can manipulate the time. I mean, definitely, it's a joke.

The time for us is 24 hours a day, right? But the only one that they say lawyer can make it 26 hours a day, or 30 hours a day, right? Because they can charge many different ways, right? But you cannot, we cannot. But we can in the dream, in the dream, you can change the time. And your emotions can change the time, look at the time. 

So I mean, therefore, when we apply this concept that the space and the time cannot be separated, then how do we use this in treatment? Think of the cancer. Today we deal with cancer, we remove the time, we remove the space, right? Surgery, they find the bad things, you take it out, you take out by what? You take out by space, you never erase the time. So therefore, based on the modern science, does the cancer be treated? No, as long as time still exists, space still exists. 

So the real treatment is how to erase the time, or how to forget the time, right? So this, we don't have time for tonight. So you know, because that's the most beautiful, most beautiful things in Chinese medicine, is how to use time, which means how to use emotions for healing. That is the most, the most powerful things, in my opinion, in Chinese medicine, in this five-element framework, right? And then the third one, I just pick up, because the modern science has too many areas, I don't want that. 

Yeah, then the other third one after this is called the electromagnet field, right? Electron and the magnets, the two things. But today, we all know they can combine them together, become what? Electromagnet field. So what is that going to do in the treatment? In the medicine, in the science, we know they cannot be separated. 

They are the field. But in Chinese medicine, in this framework, what did you see? What is the electromagnet field? Vibrate where? Vibrate your nerve system, right? Your nerve system, your meridians, your emotions. We also, we all see it in the movie, right? So if someone want to test you, are you a liar or tell the truth, what do they do? They test your emotions, lie detector, right? It's all based on the what? Based on your emotions change, then the electromagnet field change, then the wave come out of the change, right? So your body, whole entire body, with your emotions, and it's changed by what? Your electromagnet field. 

The only difference is that ancient Chinese masters never have that machine. They don't know how to use this, but they know how to use emotions for healing. The Chinese psychology is 500 years earlier than the Western psychology. 

They already tell you each organ has a specific emotion, right? Look at that. What is the emotions with your liver? What's the emotions with your heart? See, all the emotions is what? Can create the electromagnet field. Your entire body create the electromagnet field. 

So acupuncture is to try to create electromagnet field. Now follow this way, right? As today, most of you heard about the quantum entanglement. Let me give you a very sexy concept, quantum entanglement. 

What is quantum entanglement going to do at here? Tell you. The way quantum entanglement, the way entanglement, each one of us is the smallest particle in the universe, right? You cannot find the duplicate. So are you the particle? Yes, you are a particle. 

You are one of the individual particles in the universe. Now where's the other one? Where are they? The life source, right? Are you tangled with your source or are you tangled in the other you at the different universe? Now think of this whole concept. We make you so exciting. 

You are not alone. We are never alone in the entire this concept. You never know. 

Quantum entanglement and the quantum breathing, quantum entanglement. Now think of this. What is quantum entanglement in this treatment, in five element framework? How can that happen? How can these quantum things can happen? So today they find that in the modern science, they find why ancient time in this framework can prove you, can show you, yes, they can do that. 

How can we do that? Interconnections through the meridians, through the tree field. Don't go away. Okay, now we'll go back to this, right? So if someone's going to challenge you, they're going to challenge you, right? They say, how do you know why you say the liver and gallbladder is the one is in the wood? The yin and yang cannot be separate. 

How can they be the one thing? They are totally unrelated. Yeah, maybe in the physical part, the liver and the gallbladder almost side by side is connected. That's easy to say, right? I cannot use the liver and the gallbladder because too easy. 

In the physical, you can say, you can see they are connected. How about your heart and your small intestine? Totally unrelated. The heart at your upper body and the small intestine at your lower body, how can they be connected? They are interchangeable. 

They are yin and yang. And how can lung and the large intestine, the one on the top, one on the bottom, and can be as the partner at there, can be interchangeable in yin and yang also. We've been used to this concept, relativity theories, then two totally unrelated, but they are all related to the one element of the metal.

You see, right? We even do this, how can you say your lung is unrelated, is related to the season and the time and the season of the fall? The heart is the related to the season of the summer, totally unrelated. How can that be? Why we put it here? You see, so there's a framework that's already applied this concept, right? Unrelated, they can relate. Now look at the other relationship at here. 

We say mother-child relationship, right? The what is the mother of the father, totally unrelated. So we can put even they related to the mother and the child. Well, it doesn't make sense, but they make sense. 

They are related. It just depends on how do you want to see that, right? We have a Xiangsheng relationship. There's a Xiangke relationship is unrelated. 

Sure, the wood and the earth, unrelated. The liver and the stomach is unrelated, but they can have a Xiangsheng, they can turn it to the Xiangke. Then we say Xiangke is Xiangsheng, control is generation, unrelated. 

It depends on how do you see. We can manipulate anything, anytime, anywhere. It's all up to you, the level of who you are. 

So we say that now you look at this framework, what do you see now? So this framework is ancient framework. The ancient framework put a quantum theories, quantum and the relativity framework, and you need the combining together and be used to the life, not just used for illness, disease, use it for life and use it for you to discover the truth, to discover the position of the who you are, right? And then the last one, yeah, the chaos of theories, right? So everybody heard, right? So what's the chaos of theories? They say, you know, one of the butterfly and the Amazon, they might cause the, and the Texas, the thunderstorm, right? If one butterfly can cause, the ants can cause, now you think, does anything we are here in this framework, you touch it, does it impact to entire whole body? Or does any outside the universe, outside our planet, the Mars or sun or moon have a sun thing change, full moon can change, does it impact to our body, impact to the water, impact to our body, impact to our mind, right? The fireman knows it's a full moon, right? And you see, you people know this is a full moon, emergency room, that's always a full moon. The policeman knows it's a full moon, right? And the good excuse, oh, it's not me, it's the moon causing my crazy, right? That's why, how do we call someone crazy? Lunar impact, right? So how can your mind relate to the moon? Okay, in this framework, can give you all the answers. 

I'm just to pick up the few things, right? So there are more in the modern science. Now, what do you see now, right, after this? So does it make you more exciting? Does it make you say, wow, I'm not just studying the five elements framework, I'm really using modern science, just a different language, right? So if a modern science makes sense, does this five element make sense? And then when you use these five elements to do your self-healing, to help others, to help yourself make sense, yes. The only difference, you don't have to have a sophisticated or expensive machines. 

You can use your own life and you can use nature for free. But the only difference is, do you have faith? Do you have a chance? Do you have energy? Can you create these miracles? Do you believe yourself, right? So the entire, this whole thing, what we've learned here, so I laid out that it's a very important thing, so it's a layer, level of the who you are. Your qi level, your belief level, your consciousness level. 

Then this framework will lead you wherever you want to go, and whatever you want to use. Then definitely, the end of what I would just say, good luck, right? So it's a real depend on, hey, you know, good luck, you know, it's one kind of wild horse. Do you have a skill to control that? Do you have a skill to use that? Because it's part of you.

It is a part of you. It's a part of your gene. It's inside with you, right? You are inherited these five element wisdoms. 

I'm just trying to let you all recognize you are carried wisdom. You just have to know how to do it, how to use it. That's enough. 

I think I covered most likely. The rest is up to you. You guys can continue to find many different ways to make yourself proud of yourself, all right? I'm just introducing why this framework is so unique and so powerful in the modern science point of view.

Open up for a little bit of questions, and then we can work. Wow, Master Liu, that was amazing. You just gave us so much practical use of these large scientific theories, and it's really mind-blowing. 

So anyone who has questions, please raise their hand. It looks like we have Rachel here. Go ahead.

Hi, Master Liu. Thank you for that. That was really fascinating.

I'll see if I can get this question out so you can understand. I've been trying to understand why, if we have qi, why it doesn't go to where it's deficient, right? You have people out there that have enough qi, but yet they're deficient in their kidney or they're deficient in their liver. I've been thinking about that a lot. 

Then I was trying to think, who is really controlling the qi? We say that the liver transforms it and the lung distributes it, but it doesn't seem like this is happening effectively behind the scenes very well in most of us, because even if we had qi, we still have disease. In homeopathy, they talk a lot about your energy as being able to mount an immune response. Someone that has a fever, you say has a qi deficiency, but yet they have to have enough energy to make the fever.

Are things all screwed up because our emotions are really taking over what the qi is supposed to be doing? It doesn't seem like the system is broken. If the qi is really so smart and has all this wisdom and all this consciousness, why does it just take care of everything and let me live my life the way I want it with my qi? That's exactly giving you what you want. Until you fix the problem, you can give everything what you want. 

It's just different ways to show you. Otherwise, how did you know you're missing the qi? How did you know you don't have a qi? Because the only way is when you're sick, you say, wow, I don't have an image. Now you recognize because only when you have nothing in your hand, you will recognize the health.

But if I have high blood pressure, I have a qi deficiency, but yet I have qi, so why doesn't it just go fix that? Because that's not satisfying. That's not exciting. You never learned.

You never learned. Doesn't have to sue the bad things that can get good. You only learn to sue the bad things that maybe can get good, but you never learned. 

I can sue the good to get good. I don't have to go through the suffering, right? You never learned how to take care of yourself and without suffering, just like every day. And most people, yeah, you have to brush teeth.

Why you have to brush your teeth? Who teach you? The dog doesn't need a brush teeth. Why you need a brush teeth? Because you look good. You don't get a gum infected. 

Why? Because your dentist tell you, yeah, that's right. Right? Now you know, you learn how to what? How to take care of your teeth, but you never learned the gum infection. The gum issue is related to your stomach.

The teeth issues or tooth issues are related to your kidney. You are, you know, so how do we, how do you see this horse is good or not? Look at the teeth. Right? That's the way, but we never learned this. 

So, but we use the illness and the disease to challenge ourself to what? To show that is the area I want to accomplish. That is the area I want to getting better. Right? That's, we chose through this path.

But I don't like going black all the time. Right? Yeah. You can change, you know, you can, you can, you can change the different color outside. 

And the idea is for what purpose, right? I like to get the black, you know, that get the color because I believe that the color of the teeth connect to the teeth. So because everything is related to the kidney, black and the kidney behind is black. The color of the black contain energy. 

So therefore I constantly associated with this energy because of that energy sooner or later, I will get, I wouldn't get them all, but I'm surrounded by the feel of the chi, the feel, the black has color, the color has chi, right? It's a color, it's a consciousness. So therefore there's always a lead you to the level of the understanding. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Thank you so much, Rachel. Go ahead, Natalie. 

Good evening, everyone. Hi, master Lou. I want to talk a little bit about actually ask you a question about emotions. 

So I've heard you say that the highest frequency of the wood element is tenderness, right? What would it be for the kidney? Would it be fearlessness? Would it be willpower? What would it be? The kidney energy is it be what we call the kidney energy should be go. I don't care. Useless. 

Go with the flow. Oh, the flow. Yes. 

It's a water. The water lowest it is waiting to become hundred percent. Let it go. 

Never fight. Go with the flow. Okay. 

So therefore the Tao always use water, the tenderness and the flow, flow freely. It's the water consciousness. It's the highest of the Tao. 

So therefore they say the highest is like water. Okay. Thank you so much. 

You're welcome. Thank you. It looks like we have Dr. Joe and Jan maybe.

Hi. Master Lou, when we talk about this equals MC squared, when you have two questions, when you have a mung bean and you sprout a mung bean, all you do is put a little bit of water with it. And the little mung bean makes this, this big sprout. 

Where does the mass come from? Like, is that just coming from the chi? Confirm the, that's a different subject. I can spend the whole night talking about the sea, right? I think that even the power of the sea. Right. 

The sea contained life. It's life itself. So the sprout is they use the sea of the life.

That energy is contained inside the sea. So therefore that inside the sea, the chi or energy, when they sprout, they use this chi until totally sprained that chi. They need what? They need the outside the chi, environment chi, which is the water's soil to continue to catch up, catch up.

Okay. So that's why they say the sea, once the sprout, they don't need anything because of themselves will contain enough energy. So that energy is becoming the mass, basically.

That's right. That energy itself become. So that's why, so that's why when you eat the nuts, that's the level of the understanding. 

You are eating the nuts of the nutrition, or you are eating the nuts of the energy, of the life contained inside of the nuts. You see the difference? You first, you have to understand. The second, you have to prepare the body to be able to process, digest, and transform this type of energy. 

Otherwise, just go through your own incane, absorb the nutrients, but you cannot absorb the life source contained in the sea. You see what I say? You have to understand first. Otherwise, the signal, the receiver, you never turn on. 

The body never turn on this. So they just pass through, waste. But they never waste.

So the seed, the seed is different than the sprout, that kind of energy too, right? That's right. The seed, that's a different story. I have to say the seed is a contained image.

The nut is a seed, right? Basically. Nut is a seed. That's right. 

All the nuts contain the seed, but the sprout is a different level of the seed. There's a sprout is I'm take over. I'm waiting to sprout, has one more consciousness.

The seed doesn't have it. The seed contain the domain, never show, but the sprout only take action. All right. 

Understand? The sprout is to take action as well. I be blessing that by natural law. You see that? The life be blessing. 

That's different levels understanding and the different levels to use. So that's why the Chinese herb is all about this kind of levels of understanding the levels of the consciousness. So on that same kind of opposite end of the scale, if you have a piece of fruit that kind of went bad, sort of, is that the same essence of the fruit still? Or did you lose something? You know, you lose something, but you don't lose anything.

Well, that's what I'm saying. Is that, did you lose, if you eat today a piece of fruit, then next week, it's kind of sort of sad and dry. Do you still, is you still the same essence there? Or did you lose something? Essence is still there, but chemistry level change.

What level? Chemistry level. Right. You see the same fruit. 

If a fresh fruit, the, what I call the fruit fly never come, right? The fruit fly only come when the fruit turn to the dead. Why? Because there are things coming in, right? You have to rewatch the nature. When the worm get in the apple, they don't eat the outside apple, they go to the seed.

Right? Look at that. The worm get in the apple, get in the pear, or they go to the center of the sea. Life. 

They don't eat the skin. They don't eat the juice of things. Sea. 

But unfortunately, we don't want the sea, right? We want the water, no, no, without the sea. We want the grape, no sea. We don't want the sea. 

That's why we don't want the life. Or taste, apparently. I'm sorry. 

I shouldn't say that this way, but I hope you guys learned tonight, you will understand the power of this consciousness. So that's why all the Chinese medicine deal is a deal, the consciousness. Excellent. 

Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks, Dr. Zhou. 

Alexandra, you're up. We're all seeds and we all have this potential inside of us to change. Do you believe that kind of like the natural evolution of health is to go from learning from the bad to learning from the good? I believe it's a choice. 

It's a choice. The choice to learn. So if we learn... It's a choice. 

It's a taste. It's a choice, right? So once you... That's just like who want to suffer? Nobody want to suffer. It's exactly why we go to the gym. 

We want to work out. We want to feel good, right? We want to look good. We want to feel good. 

That's right. Then you have to pay money, go to the gym. So if someone tell you, you don't need to pay anyone. 

You just lie down with your hot tub and listen to the classical music and one glass of champagne. You can get the same benefit. Would you want to go to the gym and sweat out and drink milk and do this and pay monthly fee or just lie down in the hot tub? But you never understand how tub can get the better result, right? It's not a lasting result though. 

It's a different result. You see that? It's different. But if you always in the box, that's always see the box. 

Even you go to jump out, people jump out. They go to big box, but they're still in the box. Unless you are totally out the box, then you might be able to. 

So that's why this framework will tell you Chinese medicine space and time. At which time you look into the space or you just found the space, look in the space. Think of what I say. 

You don't need the answer. You just think when you look at things, you look at things based on the time. You are based on the space to look at.

I guess that's my question though. My experience is that learning from the bad can help you propel to start to learn more from... I don't know. Now it's feeling mixed up. 

Maybe I'll just listen to what you ended on. That's all right. Thank you. 

Thank you. Tanya and Tom. Hi. 

We were talking a lot about potential last weekend and the seed has tremendous potential. Does that apply to what we were talking about? The energy that is contained within the seed, is this potential qi? It says the seed contains more potential, levels of the potential. The seed contains all the information of the future. 

The seed is ready to start the life based on the future. It's not based on the past. It has nothing to do with the past. 

It has to do all the future. Therefore, the seed has a capability with just their potential to connect, to apply, to respond for the environment change. Therefore, eat more seeds. 

If you are allergic to the seed, just like someone allergic to the gluten, is allergic to the seed. Yes, you're allergic to the seed. You're allergic to the peanuts. 

You're allergic to the seed. What do you see? You see that? That's an entirely different subject. Not in tonight's time, getting in that deep. 

There's a much higher level at the consciousness level now. It's not at the physical level. That's why it's not at the space. 

It's in the time. Deal with the entire allergy. It's a deal with the entire time. 

It's not a deal with the space. In my opinion, to treat the allergy is to treat the time. It's not to treat the space.

Okay. When I eat the seeds with this potential energy, this potential chi, the chi is going to be directed to the area of the body that's related to the essence of whatever the seed is. Maybe, maybe not. 

I still say it this way. Maybe, maybe not. Because it depends on your body, your each organs, their responsibility, their cooperation. 

Because you want to digest, remember, information also is the energy, right? Information also is the energy. Potential also is the energy, right? The consciousness also is energy, right? Therefore, you have to ask yourself, if I'm going to eat the seed, which levels of energy I want to absorb? You have to digest. You have to process in that. 

You have to absorb that. Then you have to transform. The levels, each level require the cooperation and understanding.

So that's why it's a cooperation. That's why we just see that today, based on the quantum concept, it's a cooperation, right? It's that all the elements must be cooperated together, has to function at oneness. I know, so it's tough, but that's exciting, right? Well, the last thing I want to just add to this is, when we are providing medical qigong to another individual, and we deliver the energy, the qi, and that system is going to incorporate the qi where it's needed to go. 

Yes, because this qi is without your mind. It's the natural processing. So therefore, their qi, their body's qi, will be similar to attract these kinds of things.

Because what? It's the same frequency in the energy field. The qi has a field, right? So as the modern science says, it's not materialized, it's the field. If Einstein says, it's the field that becomes the real stuff, then qi is the field.

Thank you so much, Tom. All right, last question from you, Heather. Thank you very much, Master Liu. 

You mentioned this is another topic. So if in fact it is, just let me know for another call. And when you were talking about cancer, and that the real cause is thinking about the time, connecting to the time, and erasing or forgetting, I'm just curious if you could say a little bit more about that. 

And I'm wondering, is another way that we might conceptualize that, that someone comes to a different consciousness about that time? Is that another version of erasing or forgetting, that they come into relationship with a different consciousness of understanding, or just a resonance with a different relationship with that time? It's a time, time has two times. One is a developed time, right? One is the consciousness time. So every cancer is a consciousness time, right? You know, one is a developed time, one is the consciousness time. 

The idea is the time of the consciousness. The consciousness of this, whatever we call the cancer, then you have to go back to one more step. How do we define this cancer, the consciousness of the cancer? It's a much deeper concept. 

So that we all thinking it's a bear, we're going to fight. You don't fight, you cannot fight the light. It's just the vocabulary, even though based on the modern science, right? The cancer is a classical science. 

It's not a modern science, right? Based on the modern science point of view, there's no cancer. Even though they use MIEKG test, the machine is based on the modern science. But the doctor, to analyze this, is based on the classical science. 

So therefore they give you a vocabulary called the cancer. The cancer still is at what? The cancer is at the cellular level. It's not at the atoms level, right? At the subatomic level, there's no cancer at all, just energy processing. 

So therefore, how do we define the cancer? It's just energy passing through, right? Modern science. I mean, therefore, how can you treat this? It's your energy, your particle, and the created energy shows. Now, how do we define it? How do we treat it? You don't treat this, right? The cancer processing is natural, just like a disease. 

For the big concept, it's natural. To treat it is unnatural. It's a funny way to thinking. 

I know it's a difficult subject, it's a difficult concept, right? It's a difficult concept, but in my opinion, it's an easy way. Just think about your rain. If it rains, you couldn't find it. 

Like a merry rain, whatever something at the house, you couldn't find it. But it doesn't mean they exist. It doesn't mean they have disappeared, right? You just couldn't find it. 

Meanwhile, you forget. But the rain itself still exists, right? What's happening? You forget it. So if we can apply the same concept to the body, so what's happening? Exactly the same way, right? It can be there, it never bothers you.

Thank you very much. You're welcome. Appreciate it, Heather.

All right, Master Liu, that's it for tonight. All right, so I helped each one of you get this concept and then started again. And look at this, then we are going to, I think the next week is the last class, the final exam and to test you guys. 

You should raise the hand who's good, who's not good. But that's no good, no bad. They are all good, right? So anyway, so next week is the last class and then we know what do we learn? What's the future? What is the sound thing going on? Anyway, so thank you very much. 

See you next class. Thank you, Master Liu. Good night.

I fought like hell. My computer is still on. Good night, everyone.
---- END FILE: Modern Science And TCM 6.09.25.txt ----

