Hi guys, of course it's wonderful to be with you and I'm sure you're so excited to hear all about inflammation. Actually I am too because it's really, it's a very important topic. So Master Liu, we're ready. 

My turn, all right. So because the purpose we do this, I pick up the one is a common conditions of fathers, not called the fathers. It's not, how do I say that? Most likely because of today's society, you're all going to get it. 

Most likely and most people all going to get it. Just which level you get it and how deep will impact to your life. Right. 

I think that's a very, you know, very serious issue called the modern society issue. And we don't, we don't pay attention until real issues exist. Right. 

Then we'll be too late. We'll be too late because they are not just like a virus. It's not like a material. 

They are just like, they are, how do I say that? Virus and the material is a falling. They enter your body. Inflammation is you create. 

So that's why it's difficult. You create it from the inside out. You have to understand that's why it's difficult. 

Right. So as today, then how can we, we all study the five element framework now, because we say this framework is so powerful, so useful. You can use it for anytime, anywhere, anything. 

So that's why I have to choose one, the most, the most complicated, one of the most complicated modern, you can call illness or disease or modern sentence. So we're going to discuss. All right. 

So you guys should be ready. Buck it up. All right. 

So we're going to today's because it's a pretty serious issue. Usually I don't prepare, but this time I do have a little bit I prepare. Right. 

I do prepare a little bit. Okay. So start. 

So inflammation, there's two kinds, right? One chronic, I know the, what's called the, how do I put this? One is the chronic, one is the, what do you call it? Laryngitis. No, no, no, no, no. Imagine the, oh, suddenly see my mind's gone. 

So anyway, I do the different way. I do the different way. So why is it you can see that, right? So active that, which is called immediately, you know, you see the infection. 

That's the, that's called the alert. I'm not called that emergency call. How do I call it? Oh, I'm forgetting English.

Acute. That's why I see. I think stuck in my soul. 

Now I have issues. Now I get my problem. So acute, I don't have to say it because most of the time we can identify, right? We are going to say that something you can not identify, but you do have to feel, you do have a feeling, but the test hasn't shown yet. 

You know what I'm saying? If you go to see your doctor, they run the test. Maybe they only see a little bit that you will red blood cell lower, maybe white blood cell counts high, or maybe something, maybe you feel chronic low feeling, just a little bit, not too much. It doesn't kill you, but it doesn't help. 

It doesn't help you. You're just stuck at there, right? But some can be pretty serious, like a chronic fatigue, right? CFS, right? Chronic fatigue symptoms. You feel tired, but all the tests, perfect, normal. 

Then they think you're cuckoo, right? You're a mind issue, but it's not. You do feel right. That's the sound thing. 

So other things that can be much serious now look like UTIs, calm goals, hanging there, you know, sometimes can be virgin discharge. Also can be the other things that can be sore throat. Your throat always have something hurts, but when you drink hot water, feel better.

Sometimes you drink cold water, feel better, you know, calm goals, right? Sometimes you feel at the night, you always feel thirsty, order something, this kind of sense, but test is normal. That's the dangers. So what are you going to do? Only when you go to the good Chinese doctor, good one, lousy one, they still cannot see, but a good one, they will recognize, uh-oh, something you have to be aware. 

You are the wrong path now. You don't try to immediately start the symptoms. Sooner or later, we'll get you, right? So I think we should say that this way.

Why? Now the question is always why? The why is called because we say everything is energy, right? Everything is Qi. Qi has energy, energy has a consciousness, consciousness is the purpose, because there's always energetic processing. It's energy processing. 

So how do we define it? See, the Eastern and the Western to deal with these things is totally upset, totally upset, right? Just like hyper-pressure, Western thinking, something's wrong, let me control you. The Eastern thinks that, hey, you shouldn't control, you should influence, you should erase, right? It's not to say you don't have money, you have a lot of money, no, you're so poor, you have poor, you have energy deficiency. So the quantity, so for this information, quantity is similar like hyper-pressure is energy too low. 

It's not too high, right? Even though you feel fever, infection, all this, the heat, where's the heat come from? You don't have a fire. It's like a compost, right? Anyone do the gardens, you know, you know compost. I don't think many people do the compost anymore. 

So garbage bag, yes, a perfect garbage bag. If you tie to a garbage bag for two days, no air, why you feel the heat? See, nothing's moving. That's not a real heat, but it's a heat. 

It's not like a stove, it's like a microwave, right? Microwave heat, it's a heat, but it's not a fire, right? So that one, I would like each one of you to recognize. So therefore, it's infection without it, and without it, what I call the bacteria, without it, so the, what I call the once a bacterial virus, without it, right? It's without it. So it's environment, environment change. 

Now think this one thing, I would like everyone to think this. If water can flow freely, water can flow, doesn't tend to smell, right? If water doesn't flow, stuck there behind the water, what's happening? Smell, right? Tend to smell. So the idea is something doesn't flow freely. 

Why doesn't flow? You don't have qi, you don't have energy to flow. Why you don't have qi? Why you don't have energy? You eat, you eat organic food, expensive now, you buy expensive organic egg, cost you $1.50 or $2.00 one now, right? Why it doesn't help you? You take a lot of supplement. Why it doesn't help you? Because you are constantly used and constantly in motion. 

So the Chinese medicine deal this kind of situation. Hundreds of years ago, already come out ideas, because when you overused, over moving, right? Overused, they will cost energy of the balance, like yin and yang. What is yin and yang? The yang is emotion, motion. 

Today, I know while I'm talking, definitely someone already checking your message immediately. I see you, don't worry about that. I see you. 

No, I'm not going to see you. Look at that. If I'm going to see you, what's happening? I'm aware. 

I don't want to be aware. I cut off my actual energy. You see that? I don't care. 

So therefore, I save my energy. If I care, I spend energy. Understand this? So while I'm talking, you will listen to me, but you don't want to miss any other things. 

When your cell phone get the text message, you're immediately alert. That motion itself costs your energy. It costs the energy. 

Then also, the lifestyle of today costs us constant emotions, moving, daytime and the nighttime. At night, no one sleeps at 10 o'clock. Most people don't do that way. 

11, 12, 1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, still texting. Even before going to bed, still checking my message. So you're constantly doing this. 

What's happening? Energy. Constantly spending. So all the energy. 

Because of energy. It is energy. Now we go back to the five element framework. 

Each organ has energy. Each organ, each element has two organs. We show you. 

Now you can see. We put the five element framework up. Now look at it.

Each element. The wood element has liver and gallbladder. The fire element has a heart and small intestine. 

Earth, spleen and the stomach. And the metal is the lung and the large intestine. Water is the kidney and the bladders. 

Okay, now follow me. So here we're going to get exciting. Since we are going to do this, because all the activity, motions, is relied on the young organs.

Right? The two organs. One is the organ. The other one is the bowel. 

Right? So gallbladder, small intestine, stomach, large intestine, and the bladder also has a sanjiao. All these organs, they are in charge of the motion. Therefore, they create vibration more.

They create the energy. So therefore, they create heat. Not that they create the fire.

Think this now. Right? So all these organs, sanjiao, gallbladder, small intestine, large intestine, bladder, they are in charge. That's the young organ and the young meridians. 

Because they are moving. They are constantly moving and constantly being used. Otherwise abused. 

Therefore, caused the inside organ cannot be catch up. Now listen to me carefully. Now here is the yin and yang concept I'm putting in now. 

Right? That's one of the most important fundamental concept, yin yang concept. Because this side is yang, all these organs and the meridians, what you see on the now, on the screen, they are constantly moving. So what do they do? When they constantly moving, the other part, each one has a partner, they supposed to support, give more qi, allow they can move. 

But unfortunately, they can't. They cannot catch up. Understand? Because they cannot catch up. 

So that's why it's called the deficiency. Deficiency. That's why it's a deficiency. 

That's why they create the heat. The heat itself is the requirement, is the environment of the qi. We call, or you call, or today people call it information. 

That's why. But how do we make this one become level? Which one become different? Which one is more important in today's life? In my opinion, we can say there's three levels. Right? The first one is the Sanjiao and the Gobra. 

Level one. So what do you see? Level one, Sanjiao and the Gobra. So which means in the five element framework, so they are what? They are liver and heart, right? They are liver and the fire, which you call, they are wood and the fire. 

So that's why you see the wildfire. Why so many wildfire? Every time wildfire happens, difficult to control. Why? Your Sanjiao is what? The Sanjiao has meridians, but doesn't have organs.

The only have energy meridians inside your body, but without the physical evidence, physical organs. Because each meridians, there's always organs, always partners. But only Sanjiao doesn't have a body. 

They are not inside our body, but they are outside. Get out of here. They are outside our body, which is at the space, at our solar system, can be in your life source. 

So that is the level one. So this one, if they out balance, they always see acute situation. What's called acute situation. 

Suddenly you go out, have a dinner and then come home. Then suddenly you have all whole body become itchy, red and the fevers and the calm goes. And suddenly you can be very serious.

The skin issue, headache issue, vomiting issue, the body, all the acute issue, most likely related to the Sanjiao meridians. So that's why it's so difficult, so difficult to control. Even though it's acupuncture, difficult to make it this because they are so powerful. 

Anyway, level two is the stomach and the large intestine. Stomach and the large intestine is very important. Why they important? Because the food, because the skin, because of the digestive system, right? Because of your face, because the entire this part, this part, stomach and large intestine in our five element framework, they are belong to what? They are belong to lung, the metal and the earth, right? You see that? It's a metal and the earth.

They are mother and the child relation. That's always mother-child relationship. That's always Xiangsheng relationship. 

In this Xiangsheng relationship, but they also have a similar frequency, similar energetic frequency. We say the stomach is for the digestive food, but also stomach. Earth also can processing, not just the food, earth can processing everything, right? Everything, your emotions, your activities is the earth, right? The consciousness is earth.

So if everything cannot be processing, what's happening? Stuck, right? If it doesn't processing that, what's happening? Then it's stuck. When it's stuck, what's happening? Heat. When they accumulate the heat, when they accumulate that, they are create environment, doesn't flow. 

Then information will coming up. That's level two. Level three, the bladder and the small intestine. 

So here has a tricky part. So even I put them level three, but somehow the level three controlled entire 70% of the body, right? Our body, 70% of our body is the water. All the water processing must go through the bladders.

You see how difficult it is? So all the heat, what's happening in the heat? Burn out your body fruit, burn your liquids out, burn your internal waters. So even though they are at the level three, they are not the most acute, they are called more under, called undercover, or called underground. Slowly suck out your energy. 

You have a real field. When you will find it, it's too late. I don't know how many people have the experience and then you're going to sleep and next day wake up, oh, suddenly your skin get dry.

It's so dry, you have no idea, no matter how much water you drink, the dryness doesn't go away. Why? That's happening because it's underground slowly, slowly, slowly until one of the level, they cross the line, point, no return. So that's why I put them there as this kind of level. 

So for you guys, you learned this way what you see, okay? So if we are going to feel the information, so we have to see how serious issues around us, right? How serious? So we have to be aware. So we have to be aware the levels, the levels impact to us, okay? So after this one, what are we going to do, right? What are we going to do? Take five elements of framework again. Now you understand, so we already say that because these things is out of balance, right? It's out of balance. 

So the goal, the goal is create balance. Yin and Yang must be balanced. If it can balance, it doesn't change, right? Disease cannot enter. 

So the entire information is a body of the balance, Yin Yang of the balance, right? Hot and cold, water, fire and water of the balance. The balance can be individual organs of the balance, liver of the balance, liver in the gallbladder of the balance, the heart and the small intestine of the balance, individual of the balance, you overused. What's called out of balance? I'll give you an example.

If, you know, sometimes it's a job related, right? So if you're the job, it's a night shift, then it's tough. If you already have a chronic fatigue symptoms, almost impossible to fix, impossible. Because you have a night shift, at the nighttime cost the double, triple the energy, because we already talked about this for the sleeping issues, right? Then you need to think about organ with the Maria's relationship, because it's location also, right? The organ with the Maria's relationship, how can we create a balance? Think, how can we create a balance between the organ and the Maria's? That's the second one we need to be aware. 

Now the third one, how do we be aware? Your emotions, your mind, your desire, your creativity with your organ and with your Maria's, how do they get a balance? So every time you want something, your energy change. You do something, your body change. There's a constant energy in and out, the young up and down, that's always at the circle. 

How do we create a balance? Then the last one is your lifestyle, your lifestyle with your environment, with your eating habits, your diet, your organs, natures. Now all these combinations together, what's happening? Can you create a balance? So once I put these one, two, three, four, five together, so what do we see here? We see that information is not that simple things to deal, because they can relate it to the season, right? Have you found that your season change, your information change, your body change? Why at the winter your skin get dry? Then definitely you can blame the heat, you can blame the other things, but you never look at that as you with the environment, your enemy, the killing enemy, killing with the natures, right? You will never look at it this way. You will never look at it in the summer now. 

So yes, now the weather, once the weather get good, we all go to the beach under the sun. So what do we do? We put the sun lotion, sunblock and lotion. So we say protect my skin, right? How nice, but I don't care my organs. 

I don't care my brain. I mean, I care my skin. So I don't get skin cancer, I might get my brain damaged. 

So what's happening? What kind of mind you be thinking this way, right? So I don't understand. I'm just saying to you, because for you guys after this class, you should be able to see, no, I shouldn't do this way, right? I shouldn't put the lotions on, go to the sun. So all of these things has to be considered, particularly if we want to start to deal with this serious issue. 

The serious issue, it is called a serious issue in my opinion, because that's a serious issue that causes the real out of balance, real out of balance. And they are sneaking in and doesn't cause the real serious pain, but will slowly, slowly, slowly make entire system of the balance. Then serious issues, serious issues will happen. 

When the serious issue happens, the body already gone too far, already gone too far, because it's a system issue. See the difference? This one happens at the system. It's an entire organ, entire elements function, entire relationship function disorder. 

Okay. Now we'll go back to that. We know this cause, we know that issues. 

So how do we diagnosis? Right now, now go to fun. So how do we diagnosis? How do we see that? Right. So that's always the same location, location, location, right? We started with the location. 

So first you started with the location, but sometimes information, this kind of things are difficult to get the location, right? They are difficult to get a location, but that they might. So I'm going to put something, jump a feather, mix them together to say, you don't get a location, but you get a sentence still, right? I give you one. Number one, thirsting. 

Does anyone have experienced you suddenly feel thirsty? Doesn't matter how big a bottle of water you can carry, you can carry one ounce, you can carry you can carry a gallons of water, right? Doesn't matter how much you drink, you still feel thirsty. Particularly, particularly at the nighttime, you are thirsty, you wake up, even someone can wake up thirsty. Then that is very, very, very serious signs. 

Pay attention. Pay attention. That's the science to show you, you already have a pretty serious information. 

Always say, it's the science to say body accumulate a lot of heat. They need water, but this kind of heat is not a materialized heat, see? So otherwise, if a materialized heat, you put the ice, you put the water, it can be controlled, but doesn't control them. No matter how much you drink, right? Doesn't help you.

You go to check, still doesn't show any kind of very serious number yet, but that's the science. That's the science already show you. Could be, so not here, could be lung issue, could be stomach issue. 

Then what's part will be kidney issue, but most likely, you wouldn't see as the liver or as the heart issue. So here, the three of these organs, you must be considered issue. You must see, right? Does it have other things? Now, now, listen to me, right? So because now we see these three organs, lung, stomach, and kidney. 

So we still don't know which one. So we need to continue to see, does it have other issues? Does it have other symptoms involved with my thirsty constipation? Now we'll go to that. If suddenly you find my bowel movement is not become normal anymore.

So what do we learn for the five elements? The bowel is what? Is colon. The colon is what? With the lung, right? So therefore you see, oh, my inflammation, maybe, maybe, I'm just serious, maybe, but related to my lung and related to my colon. Now you can see because of summer, maybe you just have a party, maybe you just travel, right? You have fun, you travel because your diet is lousy diet, always a barbecue, always a bagel, you know, eat all this junk food. 

So therefore maybe it's your diet issue. So the stomach can be impacted, right? Now, if, so here, look at your stomach. So if you find your stomach broader, if you find that suddenly your head become bad breath, now what? Now the stomach will become part of the issue. 

So still go back into the disease three organ again, what are you going to do? Now look at this issue. I'm just throw these things to you, right? So even though we can analyze the sentence, we can penetrate, understand this sentence related to this organ sounds. How are we going to start? How are we going to find it? How are we going to deal with it and try to get a balance? How to do it, right? Think, how are you going to do it? Deal the stress, deal the organ, don't deal the organ, don't deal the earth, don't deal the organ already has issue, deal the organ has the last issue, right? So, so far all the sentence only show at the what? Stomach, colon, lungs, right? Maybe kidney a little bit, but doesn't show my liver yet, right? So therefore maybe this time I can start with my liver, right? I can start with my liver and my kidney first, right? I start the organ become stronger one first, right? So the first I have to real deal is am I have a stress? Am I have emotional issues? Can I calm down? Can I be peaceful? Understand use the strength to deal your weakness. 

Instead you can jump in, right? At this time we can say, okay, my stomach has an issue. You can change your diet. That's the one thing. 

Your lung issue, you can do something. You can take something softer, you know, some, some kind of herb over can help you about a little bit softer and eliminate something first, but sometimes can help, but sometimes doesn't help, right? But a survival element framework we see doesn't matter. The one change, the whole change, strength one and the strength the whole, right? That's what we learn. 

That's what we learned the beauty of the five element consciousness framework. They are interconnect. So you chose different one, getting me in the other way, what you can do, what are we going to do? That that's because that's so simple just at the beginning.

So what do we need? We need to sleep, right? Remember the first class we talk about this sentence sleep because the sleep is at the beginning. The body still knows how to heal itself. So therefore the sleep become the first, the first, the treatment for yourself.

You have to think about it. Okay. That's what I just say that it's a concept, right? It's a concept of the sentence. 

Now we are going to get a serious one. Okay. So I'm going to put out the one of the very serious one, which is the one of the chronic. 

What is this one? Yeah, that's right. This is a, yeah. Quantitative, thoughtful, right? They can give it a nice vocabulary. 

That's why then I'm just use the kindergarten, but the software where your soul has issue. Why is so it's difficult? Why? We still say location, location, location, right? The soul location. Why is so difficult? Look at that. 

How many Marines entered the soul? Large intestine, sand gel stomach, liver, kidney, pericardium. So what do we say here? Still have a lung. We're missing the lung in here. 

Go there. Right. So yeah. 

Anyway, so why is so difficult? Why is so difficult? Because this location has a two type of the Marines, both cross here. And the most of the location only either young Marines or in Marines, right? Very art has both Marines in and young. Both can go there, right? There are not many place.

There's not. So that's why your soul is so unique. Your voice is so unique. 

So they want correct your voice to study you, right? Your voice can be verbalization to you now. That's why they use your voice, right? Why is unique? Because the organ, because the Marines. That's number one. 

Number two, because of this case is unlike any kind of case. These cases can be startled, can be startled with the heat first, generally speaking. Then suddenly the cold enter. 

So the heat would be at the center and the cold around the outside. So think about your throat. Hold the one bone outside. 

Outside is ice. Inside is a fire. Can you imagine this kind of bone stuck in your throat? No wonder uncomfortable.

Constantly, right? Constantly. You want to spread it out. Doesn't come out. 

You want to sweat it down, doesn't sweat it down. So constantly there, you constantly deal. And then no matter what kind of antibiotic, never can cure. 

No matter, generally speaking, even Chinese medicine, not many people can deal with this type of the issue. It's the tough, tough, tough issues. It's not easy to deal because the Marines, because the locations and because the condition so unique. 

The unique is Marines first. Now it's either heat and cold or cold with the heat. How do we know? If a diagnosis is wrong, you cannot deal.

All you treatment is add more problems. If we do as the Western way, think it is infection and try to kill, you cannot impact in. You only do outside. 

But real problem is inside. They lock it together. It's like a silk, silk roll, tightening together. 

How can you open it? The more you pull, the tighter they are. You have to very light to do. Right? It's very difficult.

It's a very, very difficult situation because the Marines, because this. That's number one, right? Now see this. Now, has any other more issues on top of this kind of difficult issue is male, female. 

If a male gets this type of the issue, it will be more difficult to fix than the female because they, you meet the body. It's more difficult. Right. 

Now after this, if we're going to see this part, right? Go back to the five element framework. I'm just giving you guys have an understanding. When you see the five element framework, there are so many Marines involved. 

The most, the most, two of the major Marines in charge at the in charge. One is larger intestine. One is Sanjao. 

These two Marines in charge. The other one is not in charge, but still in charge. The liver is not in charge, but when the liver getting in charge, it will be more difficult because the liver become foreigner getting in. 

It's in Marines add into the young Marines. You see what I said here? So you didn't see that, right? You see that we say larger intestine is young Marines. Sanjao is the young Marines. 

These two Marines in charge at the soul, just two major highway. Think of this, right? Two major highway, but you know, in this intersections, that's in the other path. Most likely the gate is closed. 

Just thinking this. The only ones, the blue moons and the gate will open and you don't know when they open. Only when they open is emotions trapped under there and the gate will open and something will trap, go through that, go up. 

So if that open up, allow the emotions, which is the liver getting in. If liver getting in, that's become dangerous. So once this gate open, that means liver has opportunity go beyond the throat. 

Do you know what am I going to say now? If a liver go beyond the throat, then the liver will push the blood into the brain. That's why the stroke happens. The gate go through. 

So I know I shouldn't say that this, you know, only, but I rather tell you guys, you know, that's what I learned. So it's like a story. It's like what you know, the underlying human body of the Marines and the locations, how do they working together? So go back to this kind of situation because it's difficult, right? It is difficult. 

So in order to deal with this difficult, now we say Sanjiao and the large intestine. The Sanjiao Marines with the Godbrother Marines, they are same energy frequency. I deal the Godbrother, which is I deal the liver, I can deal the Sanjiao. 

I can deal the Sanjiao. So therefore the Sanjiao is what? Sanjiao and the pericardium, they are both in the fire elements, right? The fire elements with the metal elements. What's the relationship here? Support, or you can call Xiangke, is a support.

Their job, their job or their duty is try to keep the lung and the large intestine function normal. Understand what I say now? So I still can go back to the why I can do this way because Sanjiao difficult to deal. Then I only can deal their twin brothers, which is Godbrother.

I can flow my liver and the Godbrother get the balance first and deal the Sanjiao. When I can deal the Sanjiao, then I will be able to go back to my larger intestines and the lung. So I deal my liver function. 

So the liver with the earth is what's the relationship? It's a Xiangke, right? But also is what? It's a support. Then therefore, what's happening? I strain the mother of the lung of the colon. You got it? So by doing this, even though it's a difficult situation, I still be able to get in and slowly and gently and deal this issue.

Okay, now we go to the second case. Today also will be difficult, right? So one of the case, all right, let me go to, let me see, go to the UTI, right? So I know, so that's here. It's not what I say acute, right? It's not a cause by infection. 

It's not a cause by bacteria. It's caused by emotions. Many women has experienced your emotions after balance UTI happens, right? I do. 

I see the many patients as they're, every time they go vacation, she always get a go figure, right? You don't need to go figure, you know, immediately. Yeah. Why? Yeah. 

You just say, I don't want the relationship, but you don't want to say that you don't want to make the guy feel guilty, feel something. You just say, Hey, I got it, UTI, so we cannot have it. Right. 

But anyway, this relationship also is a difficult relationship. This difficult case because it's not infection. So you take antibiotic, cause the liver issue, cause the stomach issue, cause it. 

And sometimes one or two, three, even take four runs still doesn't happen. Doesn't fix and cause more issues because it doesn't create that from outside. It's created from an inside.

Look at the five element framework again. UTI happens, it's a bladder or it's the liver. Most likely, most likely it's related to the bladder function.

Most, but this time the bladder function disorder is caused by liver function disorder, right? So you have to understand what it cost. Even though we can have a many choice, we can do this pair, we can do that, that pair, but the real issue, the real issue, the real issue is come from what we say is acute. Who created acute? Sanjiao. 

The Sanjiao with the Godbrother is the same frequency directly or indirectly. Understand it's acute. So therefore it's acute.

They come fast and that they can go fast. So if you can deal with emotions quickly, but unfortunately you can't. Many people doesn't look at this one as the emotions issue. 

They look it's a bacterial issue and they try to do the antibiotic, but it's not. You understand? It's not. It's an information created by your emotions.

Wow. Does someone, you know, that's new weapons, right? We just talk about it. Can you imagine bacteria can create by your mind? Wow. 

That would be amazing, right? But five elements framework is doable. Anyway, that's another way I'm talking about here, right? We talk about the healing. We're not talking about the killing. 

So therefore here you have to see this kind of, so that's why because the heat created burning sensation. Because this kind of heat caused information, caused your lower back pain, caused the lower abdominal pain. Because what? Qi doesn't flow freely. 

The liver Qi involved. So if you understand this kind of concept, even though you're in this five element framework. So allow the liver Qi flow freely first. 

Even though during this time, maybe, maybe, right? Your urination is difficult. You make a bowel movement flow. The bowel can flow freely. 

Maybe urination also can flow freely. So drink more honey water, right? In Paris. It does something, allow the bowel can flow. 

Then the heat will soothe this elimination, releasing it. It's a body sun cumulated fake heat, which called a fake fire. Chinese call the heat, right? Chinese call the Xu Huo. 

That's the one of the nice name. They call the Xu. It's not a real fire, right? It's not a fire. 

It's a fire. It's the heat. It's not a fire.

So in order to do this, deal the emotions. Look at this angle. Okay. 

So we discuss two cases now, right? After this, what do we have to discuss? We have to discuss, and let me see, what do we have to discuss? That's why we need to discuss this case now. All of this information happens, came at the many different levels. The bottom line is the body of the balance, visible and invisible.

Emotions and Qi and organs, they are all of the balance. So the balance is the goal. It's a primary goal, how to keep the balance. 

But you cannot feel the balance or they see the problems, right? The prevention is the best care. So what is the prevention? Prevention is a try to discuss, try to discover earlier warning signs, right? Early warning signs. So early warning signs, I say the many things, right? Sleeping issue, you suddenly find that you have a sleeping issue, insomnia. 

That's the number one, sleeping issue is the major issue to cause your information. Because why? I think each one of you supposedly, if I do this final exam, I will come out with one question. Why sleeping is the number one cause of the information? Does you guys know how to answer that? You should be. 

You should be. You can find Yin Yang concept. You can see, you can find the purpose of the sleeping.

You can see many different ways to give me the answer, right? Too bad, I'm not gonna, maybe I should exam you guys. No, that's joke. So don't worry about it. 

No, that's no, no, it's a self-control. You are self-contained. How about that? Make yourself contained.

You're all happy with what you get, right? The sleeping is number one. Number two, skin. Skin is the largest organ and the skin is the external allow you communicate the inside with the outside, right? The skin become as the mirror allow you see your inner body.

So you better rewatch yourself in the skin, which part and the change of the color, change the textures, right? Then you can base on the location of the disease and the marines and the local and the organs. So some answers we already have charts at the beginning tell you, your elbows, your knees, and you belong to which organs, right? Have you find some people knee get dry and elbow get dry, right? When the back get dry. So they are always has some meanings.

They are never has accident. Okay, that's the one of the two things we haven't discussed in this course. One is the yin yang concept much deeper, right? Second is the marines. 

Now you see why the marines is so important, right? So important because we don't have time now. So next time see, you know, that's the two things we haven't truly getting deep. Okay, go back to the third one, the breath, right? The breath change is the signs. 

You will have early warning sign. So the breath, the bad breath also has two levels. One is like a smell like, you know, the food. 

The one is a smell like a real bad name because of real bad that smell is from the colon all the way travel up. The other one bad smell is related to your stomach, right? You have to see the smell based on the sour. If it's based on the food, there's some processing that's the stomach issue. 

If it's based on the other so bad smell, that's colon, right? So you have to identify that if you suddenly find out the bad smell doesn't do, you know, also you see the someone you don't sleep at night, you know, do things, walking at the nighttime, do a couple things, and then suddenly breath change. Bad breath, either sour, metal taste or something. That's it, right? Number four, constipation, right? Elimination. 

The constipation cannot also is the science to allow you to see how much you're inside the moisture. Because when you pass eliminate something, the moisture of the body is to see is earlier warning science to see do you have actual body create actual heat, right? Inflammation to burn, to burn your body fruit. You understand? So that's the early warning sign you better catch.

Right? Number five, I think I already say that again, dry. The mouth dry. So therefore, therefore, if not necessary, do not continue to drink water, because later you don't know.

Right? I would like to continue to carry the water, you continue to drink, continue to drink. Now, later, he doesn't know what's happening. If not necessary, don't drink. 

So this way, when you need a drink, you are easy to see, oh, there's something's wrong. Generally speaking, there is five, five earlier warning signs can help us to recognize there are some things not right now. I better start to do, to do something to fix, right? Okay, now what we're how do we self-care, right? So I know we said, because the one is a very difficult, we say everything's a heap, right? It's out of balance. 

So in order to make it get a balance, there are three, there are two of the major acupuncture points you guys should massage if possible, or you should become like a daily, how to call it, the exercise, right? You should give yourself a massage, particularly before go to the bed. So you should show that these are two points. Yeah, first one is under, yeah, it's your kidney issue, kidney one. 

That's the second one, right? You should massage that, use your hand, the kidney one, use your hand to massage it. So you cross left, left hand to the right feet, right hand, you know, right hand to the left, right? Do the cross massage yourself to get a balance, right? To get a balance. So, because when you use your hand, you use your heart, you use your, you know, the foot, you know, the feet, that feet is the kidney, it's the water, fire, and the water get a balance. 

Yourself will become the balance, right? That's the number one, you should do that if possible, every day, at least, you know, you can do. Then particularly do, if you massage this point, also can help your quality of your sleep. Number two point, this one in the Chinese is called the san in jiao. 

San meaning three, in just in meridians, jiao meaning cross, idea is three in meridians cross this point. Three major meridians cross intersection to this point, liver, spleen, and the kidney. So therefore, you massage this point, you are massage this three major meridians, the relationship.

So what is, in after you massage this, you create the what? You create the loop, right? You create the kidney, you see that? That's right, you guys already can see that now, right? You see the kidney, liver, and the spleen, that's the loop, right? The triangle loop. So therefore, this point, this point I put it here with the classical acupuncture book, totally different. How to find this point, right? You can, based on the center, the bone, which is everyone has a bone, center lines go up, then go to the half to the outside, almost like a quarter to the outside. 

Idea is you divide it for the quarter. So that's why this point is on the bone, right? That's number one. That's very easy. 

It's on the bone, okay? Then second thing, if not necessary, most likely do not, do not acupuncture this point. Do not use needles, please. You use the needles, you interrupt the intersection of the three in meridians, right? Particularly, particularly if you are already out of balance, you cause you're more out of balance. 

Okay, so now that's the number, that's the yourself can do. Now the food will be very easy, right? The food, definitely, we say that you guys should eat more mung beans, right? You should get the mung beans, you should get the barley. Why mung bean and barley? The mung bean good for the liver, barley good for the stomach, right? You need the radish. 

Radish is good for the stomach, right? What's that one? No, that, that, um, I'm just a test to you guys because I put the herbal there. It's not a, it's not that I'm suggesting you guys, right? Because I know it's on the internet. Everybody listen and say, hey, take a turmeric, right? Chinese called the Jianghuang. 

Do not take that. That's my opinion. Do not take that because you don't have infection. 

You don't have infection. This herb is for someone does have infection. You have a fake infection. 

So you take this herb, their herb essence is worn. So your body already have too much worn. You add more worn and more problem because this herb is based on the western medicine concept. 

They can control infection. Understand? It's a chemistry level to understanding the herb. We say this information is in and out of the balance. 

To balance the body is the goal. To treat the infection is not the goal. You treat the symptoms. 

You are not the treat the root cause of the problems. Okay. So that is the most important. 

I know every, I know, you know, you guys sooner or later going to ask this question. I'd rather, before you ask it a question, let me say that name, you have ideas, right? When someone already taken this one, please stop. If you use that, that's a different idea, right? So if you say I'm taking this one for circulation, for my blood circulation, then that's okay. 

For arthritis, that's okay. But if you say I'm taking that one for information, that's not okay. That you might create more information to your body. 

You make your body more of the balance. I think I covered everything. Should be, should be enough for all you can digest. 

I know that may be too much for you guys. You just have to do that. I know it's a very difficult concept, right? Because it's a difficult this kind of information. 

It is one difficult. That's why the many years ago I created Xiao Dao concept is to make sure it's okay when you doesn't know which organ, how do we start, right? So that's the different kind of case. It is not easy, but we still need to know as long as, as long as we are following the five element consciousness framework, as long as you don't want just fix the sentence, you want to create balance, then you will never make mistake.

Open up for the questions. Okay, please raise your hand if you have any questions. We'll take a few.

Orla, do you have a question? Go ahead. Hi. Yes. 

So my question is from the earlier parts of the talk where you started off with like the more general symptoms, you know, where nothing is too severe. So you said the person is thirsty and maybe constipation and maybe some dry skin in winter, for example. So these are general symptoms that could show up for, you know, for so many people.

But let's say we decide to use this approach at this stage before anything is like too serious. What about a time frame for improvement? What is a time frame for improvement? So how fast do you want to be? Yeah. So like, so it's, that's okay.

So depending, see, so that's why it depends on what did you see. So sometimes you say, oh, I want to improve on my skin. Then the skin is the last one. 

You might have other things first without the other get a balance. The skin wouldn't get a balance, doesn't show. So the only way to make you see, oh, even though I put the effort, try to create a balance, maybe I still not get a balance at this level. 

You might get a balance at the other level, but you don't see doesn't mean never changes. Yeah. Okay. 

So that's why it takes, which means that it's the level of the diagnosis is the level of the understanding the sentence, right? So how can we see something invisible? That's difficult. It's a challenge for each one of us. And the most difficult challenge is not a diagnosis. 

It's the patients themselves, the lifestyle, right? Because this comes back to my understanding. The information is a patient body patient himself or herself created from inside out, not from outside in. So that's why difficult unless they change the lifestyle.

Yeah. Thank you. Go ahead, Nancy.

Thank you. So thank you so much. So what is the connection between inflammation and arthritis? You seem to distinguish them. 

No, because arthritis is acute already showed everything. I don't have to deal the doctor professional going to deal. I deal something. 

No evidence. Yeah. Too bad, huh? That's right. 

So therefore it's no evidence. Yeah. We got, I got lots of evidence. 

That's my name. That's another, my business. So you'll find that someone knows this evidence. 

Oh, thanks. Now you tell me. Hi, Pamela. 

Go ahead. Hi. Would you please clarify again what you, the location of spleen six, you said it's against the bone, right? Which is where the books say, but then you said a little bit more lateral to, to the, what it says in the books or I'm not sure. 

In the book is all back. The book disappoint is a behind. Yeah. 

It's almost at the there. That's right. Don't move. 

That's right. The book isn't there. Okay. 

So that's in the book. What I learned is this point. That's right on the bone. 

That's why it's on the book. Okay. And, and also how long do you think we need to massage kidney one and spleen six for how long? My opinion, you know, you want to have the least of five minutes. 

Oh, okay. Without the five minutes, it doesn't do anything. Okay. 

And while I have you, is the hard boiled eggs supposed to be put in a sock warm or cool to massage hard boil injury. You need a heart. You need a heart.

Yes. You read a hot boy. And then that feels so good for the lower back pain.

That's a real good one. Got it. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Hey, Alicia. Hi. 

So funny that you brought up UTI because my dog just developed a UTI yesterday. And today I just noticed she has a little bit of leaking of urine. So I'm looking at stress and I'm also looking at fear.

What are there any points that you would suggest? And the one thing that I did notice, she was running around yesterday and they have a little ditch. And when she went to jump the ditch, she stumbled a little bit. And could it, could her body being out of alignment have compressed something that spiked the UTI or could be, could it be creating? Cause I don't think it's an infection. 

Like you said, I just, I would have picked it up sooner, but it's just interesting that that's in my awareness from yesterday of, Oh, you did trip. And she kind of stumbled forward a little bit. Can that bring on a UTI? Like stress in the physical body itself? Could that create it? No, your dog is difficult to massage. 

You cannot a dog massage you based on the dog Marines. That Marine is real. It's not real. 

You know, it's a very difficult. So you want the dog, you just massage the whole body. So instead of the Pacific Marines, okay. 

You rather give it than you rather give you a dog and dandelions. Okay. I could give her that. 

Yeah. Dandelions are all, you know, that might be better. So give it the more natural herb would be better. 

Can I give it to her as a tea? Yeah. You can give us the tea. You can bang the line, cook it with something and eat it. 

Cook with what? Like just like with her food or something. Yeah. That's what I mixed with. 

Okay. Thank you. Yeah. 

I don't know how she does. Hi, Rosalie. Last question of the evening.

Good evening, everybody. Hi, Dr. Liu. So my mind is exploded now because I have used spleen six in my acupuncture practice for a very, very, very long time. 

And I have a great affinity with that point. And I am now realizing that almost everybody I treat is out of balance. And so I'm wondering if you might suggest some other ways that I can direct my thinking toward what spleen, what I'm, why I'm using spleen six and a compromise. 

If I don't want to use a needle on spleen six, where else might I? No, use the hand. Yeah. Okay. 

Just massage it? That's right. You use a hand. You have to understand, right? The body has so many unique. 

This point is one of the unique point, right? Because it's in Maria's. They are not, how do I explain it to you? They are not the many points. Many points is a truly intersection in the body, not many.

This one is the truly intersection. So therefore, the needle, when you put it in needle point, you, if you point at the wrong direction, what's that mean? That means you guide the wrong energy goes to the wrong Maria's, right? Intersection. Suppose, suppose it's a liver. 

So you try to get the balance. You think, Oh, in Maria's, then I can get a balance. Usually, you know, acupuncture books tell you Sanjiao, this acupoint is for balance, right? For the in Maria's balance, you try to balance. 

Balance what? So then therefore, if it's a liver function problem, now the point you turn, now you guide that out the balance, the liver goes to the spleen. You never see, you're not going to see the spleen later have something issues. The problem doesn't show immediately. 

The problem can show two weeks later. All right. So therefore what I learned, I never need to disappoint my master. 

That's to say that few things never can needle. Don't touch them because if we make a mistake, that's why we say why we need the insurance. You cover you up. 

You don't want to make a mistake, right? But unfortunately, you cannot prove you make a mistake. Only someone can will you see that. But in order, we don't make a mistake name because of this one so dangerous. 

So therefore, don't put the needles. You can use a hand because a hand you massage that you, you goes to the whole area. You achieve if you're balanced, then add more balance. 

Right? You want that you are practitioners with a patient. You always practitioners level with a patient's level. It's a balance. 

How to create this true balance. The more balance you are, the more they got to benefit. The more you are the balance, the more they get to suffer more. 

No, I shouldn't say that that way. They just somehow energetic today. They energetically is a quantum entanglement, right? Maria's with a Maria is a quantum entanglement. 

That's the highest level of acupuncture. Lowest level is using needle to stimulate. Highest level is a quantum entanglement.

My liver with your liver is a quantum entanglement. Your liver, your liver will vibrate with my liver in needing without the needles. That's the Maria's build in. 

You understand? Maria's build into this capability. Unfortunately, not being taught in today's acupuncture. In the classical, always say practitioners own levels because you want to reach the level you can have a quantum entanglement without the needles. 

But without the needle, you cannot charge people. So you have to put a needle just for show. The real treatment already done is a quantum entanglement, right? So that's why my opinion, if possible, you don't need it. 

You don't need that needles. Most likely, you don't need to go there because there are so many other ways you can get a balance. Much easier. 

Avoid the problem. Avoid. That's why what I learned is try to avoid something because we are not perfect, right? We are not perfect. 

So therefore, we might get a mistake. Then why we get a mistake and cause the other issues later, right? So the safety is the first priority. That's what we always say.

What's the safety? Do not make a mistake. In the certain points, easy to make a mistake. Just like today, you see so many people, they go to other acupuncturists, they put the needles here, they put the needles here. 

You make a mistake, you make a big mistake, not a small mistake, big mistake. There are other things you can put the needles. Why put yourself into that kind of, you know, that kind of dangerous path? That's in my opinion. 

I know it's a challenge. It's not easy to, you know, to say that, but I still have to. I'm willing to share. 

That's why I say, you know, that's what I learned. You know, at least what I learned from my master. There are not many masters as today can really see marias. 

Most people teach this. They're just based on the book. They cannot see. 

But at least my master can see, really see this point here. That's why many things what I learned is different here. That's the point. 

Just like, you know, large intestine four, where I put the needle with the book's needle is totally different because that is the point. Sorry. This is wonderful. 

Thank you. I'm going to write a haiku on quantum entanglement in honor of you. And isn't the basic premise of every system of medicine first do no harm? That's right. 

Yes. Yeah. Thank you. 

Beautiful. Send us your poem. I will.

All right. Thank you, Master Liu. Wow. 

Blowing us away yet again. So much to study. So much to learn. 

Any closing words? So you guys should real study though, right? So because I, they say, you know, you guys can handle this. So that's why I dumped so many of these things to you, because I really wish you can see how this, you know, five element framework can help you deal with this complicated case, even though it's complicated, but we still be able to do and without making mistakes. That's the goal. 

You understand? So how can we deal with the case, even though I cannot very clearly diagnosis, clearly to understand what caused it, why it caused it, but I still can start healing processing without making mistakes. Follow the natural law. That's the whole purpose. 

All right. So everyone have a good night. So study that. 

Processing that. Come out of your own thoughts, own feelings. Maybe someone can fix your own problems. 

Thank you. We'll work on it. Thanks so much for your guidance. 

Thank you.