Good morning, good morning, good afternoon, good evening. We don't know where you're from, maybe. Good day, so we'll be perfect.

Good 7-Eleven. People from all over the world joining us for this great message, so ready or not, here we go. That reminds me of when you were a little kid playing hide and seek, right? What is it that we're looking for? We're looking to discover an ancient wisdom that, you know, it's almost like finding this buried treasure. 

Anyway, so I'm very excited. We have been looking forward to this program literally for years, and as a student of Master Liu's, it's myself and everybody else involved in this program, it's our job to kind of nudge the Master along and to say, can you share with us what you've discovered in life? And so this is what creates the excitement for all of us and for all of us to be connected with you. But I'd like to first begin by thanking a few people who partnered with Master Liu, and again, these are all students who are using their creative talents and are using their passion to help partner with Master Liu to create this wonderful program. 

So I'd like to thank Cheryl Hills, who is our creative director, and to bring on Jenny Merdinger, who helped put together all of the components and how we figure out how to even use this beautiful new platform and interact with you guys. And then, excuse me, we had a wealth of other students, Larry Stoller, who helped with, I'm not going to get into what they helped with, but Larry Stoller, Jennifer Oh, who is responsible for all of our amazing continuing education credits, and those credits, we'll be able to announce them hopefully in another week, just exactly how many you do get, so hang in there with that. We're very proud of being able to offer CMEs, which is quite unusual and quite difficult to obtain.

Allie Lim, Beth Inisi, and again, these are all students who have been studying for so many years and just say, you know, we know the Master knows quite a bit more, how can we bring this now into the real world for other people? And that is part of the role of the TCM World Foundation. It's a foundation, as I said in my intro, that was began by Master Liu and his then partner, Alan Sheplowski, so that we as students had a platform to bring what we are learning into the modern world. So I want to thank everybody involved and mostly thank Master Liu for having the patience to work with us, for having the time in his life to study, because the Master studies, I will tell you this little secret, every day for hours, practices for hours. 

So what we are learning is the result of his personal practice and discoveries. So I encourage you to take some time in this program and really listen to every audio, go back and chew on what you are learning, so that what you learn can be profound. All right, so that's enough about me, but one more thing, I do want to introduce two more people, Monica Posen, who is the person that when you send a question to info at TCM World or can't find some of your links and so forth, she'll be the one that's helping you, and Angela Van Zandt, who will be helping you with any technical issues that you have. 

So we have a wonderful team supporting you and at the helm is the Master and we have to kind of support him too, so thank you very much Master Liu. They're all yours. We have an entire universe of Dao behind us, right? So we have a five element system. 

Now think of this five element consciousness, right? People always say five element consciousness. Can you think of five element consciousness is in the other universe? In this universe, just like a city, when you get in this city has five different gateways or five different, you know, boroughs. Each borough has a unique way you can discover it, right? Which is true, but unfortunately we're not going to say this. 

So I have to thank you for all of these our students. They say, you know, usually they say when the students is ready, Master will show up. Now, so now we have to reverse. 

When the students are ready, they will push the Master and become a student again. So in order to do or to create this course, so somehow I have to thank you or Elaine, thank you all of these students and they're pushing me, you know, pushing me go over to, you know, how many years I've been learned these five elements consciousness framework, right? So even though we turned this for consciousness at the beginning, we all call the five elements. Letter by letter, letter by letter, I know I'm changing. 

My Master forced me to change it. So therefore, letter by letter, I will say, okay, instead of we say five elements, we must say five element consciousness. So why is a consciousness now to become this question, right? So the most important is that forcing me go back to that so many years, all the trainings, all the way, how do I grow up? How do I see this, the gift or my saying that this gift of the five element, whatever we call consciousness framework, the gift is a come from the universe. 

The gift is a come from the Tao and the gift is each one of us inherent inside of us. Then can we use this gift wisely to make our life become profound? That's a challenge for each of us. We all looking for outside answer, right? So that's why we all go out internet, try to looking for the answer, but we never look into the internet, try to looking for the answer. 

That's why they often say answer lies within. So if uncertain lies within, where? Five elements, five organs, five sayings. See, that's why when they say, where's the Tao? Tao is everywhere, everywhere. 

So the everything contained the Tao, name therefore, therefore, that's a five element is the Tao. Yes, five element can be the gateway, allow us enter the Tao, allow us taste the Tao. So for Rose, the people who are interested of the Tao, then maybe we can start from this materialized elements, enter the Tao, to taste of the Tao.

Why so powerful? Why so unique? Why today's society most in today's society we need, right? So go back to the basic concepts, existing, everything existing today is amid the requirement of the God's will, which is, it is the Tao, right? So have to think existing, it is the Tao. If they don't meet the requirement of the Tao, of the God's will, they never can be existing. So therefore, before they existed in the materialized world, which is weak and recognized, they must existing in a non-materialized world, which is energetic world, consciousness world. 

So therefore can be manifested in our this society. So the five element is a framework existing in the thousands of years ago, has a purpose, right? Otherwise, why they existing? It's not that they existing in our world, they existing in the natural world, in the universe, already existing at the day, just human remains discovered, wow, that is the one system. It's a one framework, so profound and so unique. 

And how can we apply this system to our daily life? I mean, through this way, we can discover our purpose or our position with the Tao or with the universe. So that's at the beginning as the why the master discover this purpose, then that purpose can help us. But this purpose, that purpose can help us for today? My answer, yes, that purpose can help us apply for healing. 

Answer is absolutely, for that so many years, I continuously use this concept, right? My master always say, you must follow this concept again and again. What is that means? Again and again. So again and again means that you have to start for the consciousness mind, then turn to the unconsciousness mind. 

Then we will turn to no consciousness mind. I try to say that this, that's the step, that's the step process. For the consciousness enter unconsciousness, then enter no consciousness. 

When you can enter no consciousness, that is the step, then happens by itself. So can you enter the consciousness mind immediately? Like, is there just a quick technique that takes you there? You can, because the consciousness is not that kind of way, because today we all go to the internet, try to learn, try to discuss what is the consciousness. In my opinion, most consciousness, what we discussed today, still based on the mind, still it's a try to analyze, try can figure out, try can see that.

When we talk about today, in this class, we are emphasizing the consciousness, not the materialized consciousness. It's the something, something, I only can say the something, because what is, we don't know. It's the something before the materialized world, they exist first. 

They exist first. So therefore, when we see this materialized, so for example, we say what element, right? I say what element. It's so simple, each one of us immediately think about my work table, right? My work friends, right? Then maybe you can let the better imagination where you're thinking, oh, my outside the trees, the what they are, what is always associated with the trees, but in the tree, how much we can really see the consciousness behind the trees. 

What is, what is that this consciousness make us the tree instead of make us the fire? What is the difference between these two elements, two entities, right? So each one contain the something, so you need beyond our mind can grab it. So that's why I say the consciousness, they exist for purpose. This purpose is not just for man, but also for all the species, all the living beings, because this energetic, energetic wisdom, energetic consciousness, energetic purpose is for entire earth, our solar system, our Milky Way, or entire whole universe. 

We all need thinking this way. So why I say that this way, people say, how can these, you know, the five elements that connect to this entire universe thinking this way? So they have to go back to the concept. What is the concept? So we study this concept, but we have to follow one kind of system, right? So our system, which is what I learned the system, generally speaking, our island system, I must say, is to follow Laozi and Zhuangzi, which is the Taoist concept. 

For the Taoist concept, named Taoist Bible, or Taoist fundamental concept is Tao Te Ching. This book is their fundamental concept. The fundamental concept, they defined what is the Tao? That's the first concept. 

How do we define it? We cannot define it, but we still have to define it, right? We cannot define it. That's why they say Tao is everything, cannot say that, right? But you still have to say that, otherwise what we do? So we are using limited language and try to describe unlimited Tao, therefore impossible, but still possible. Laozi did it. 

Zhuangzi emphasized that, make it more profound, right? So still, then the Chinese medicine masters apply these to the medicines. They use them, right? So just have to think in this, what is Tao? I go back to the one thing. So the concept of Tao Te Ching say Tao, right? Tao. 

What is Tao? Tao is infinity. We only can say, what is infinity? Infinity, just everything. It's nothing, right? Because the total is nothing. 

So that's why they say everything, but the nothing is not a nothing, right? Nothing include everything, also include every nothing, so called together. I hope I use my English trying to say, is everything what we know? That's what we know, right? No matter what you know, everything what we know, now have to add everything we don't know. So everything, nothing, all the nothings together with all the everything together will become as the Tao, right? As the Tao. 

So the Tao itself has their own consciousness. So therefore, when they say Tao Te Ching say Tao can create one. Why the one? Because the one is oneness. 

The one exists for purpose. So when the earth, when the nature, what we call, when the universe needs something existing for purpose, then therefore they go to the Tao. They go to this Tao, the bank of the Tao, and get everything together and create the oneness, which is the one. 

So they call Tao, create the one. The one cannot separate. One is oneness. 

But unfortunately for us, the man and the human beings, we love to differentiate. We love to say good and bad, right? So therefore, immediately oneness will turn to the two. So that's why they say one can create us the two.

What is two? Good and bad, rich and poor, high and lower, white and black, daytime and nighttime can be separated. That's why Tao can be created as the one. One can turn to the two.

Now they say again, in the Tao Te Ching say, and the two also can create, become three. So in this three has a concept, has two levels of the three. Three is another literally number of the three here. 

The three means everything, right? It just means a lot of stuff. A lot of stuff called a three. Can be five, can be four, can be six. 

So the Chinese say, let me save my words. In classical way, three, only three lines. So much easier. 

Five will be much more lines. One, two, three, four, five. But I have to find lines. 

Four, you know, three, only three lines. One, two, three, they save time, right? You know, the Chinese mind always, how can I save more ink, save more energy? So therefore three is a simple, but the three doesn't mean number three. Three also means many things. 

So the two, this yin and yang can create many things, but also has any other kind of definition of the three. What is the three? Three is one and two, which is yin yang, right? Remember we say one can be divided as the two. Your discriminator coming in, right? Oneness cannot separate. 

It's oneness. But they say, no, we don't believe the oneness. We want the hundred percent say what is the good, what is the bad. 

So we want to differentiate. We want the discriminator so the main yin and yang exist. But the three, three means yin and yang, also oneness. 

I want everybody's thinking about one more time. Three means you have a discriminator yin and yang, but also has any other one that hasn't been discriminated before. It is self, oneness. 

So these three things together create the code of three. Then from this discrimination, yin and yang, and also has one together can create everything. So the entire whole thing, so what we know is come from this, yin and yang, and also hasn't been discriminated oneness. 

Now, what is this five element consciousness state? In between, right? It's in between. So because it's everything. So therefore, this five element consciousness framework contained in yin and yang and oneness, it is Dao. 

It's the path to the Dao. It's the symbol of the Dao, but just we don't see this path. So therefore, to study this five element consciousness framework, give us opportunity because they can be so big, untouchable in the beyond, above the law, but also can be laid so deeply and so simply and blend into our daily life. 

So that's called the beauty of the Dao. That's the beauty of the existing purpose. So the purpose of these five elements for today is to give us one of the framework, and particularly for most of you wonder looking for something tangible, comprehensive, and also unique system can help us heal ourselves, fix the problems, and make life better. 

Because what we need, we need some kind of system, right? Time test system. Not just someone figured out last night. Time test. 

Thousands of years still exist. And the thousands of years, and this system be applied for so many different areas from the kingdom, political use, and from landscape, garden making use. For the healing doctrine, definitely Chinese medicine used this successfully. 

Now definitely you can apply this for many different levels, many different areas. We need, particularly for today's unstable society, unstable the information, the life is constantly moving, right? So we need a system can help us settle down, be peace. We need a system can help us so no matter which gate you enter, no matter which element you start, there's always a come back to the oneness. 

Then five element framework is the most profound the framework we can use. At the least is my experience for that so many years I practiced, I applied, right? That's the one thing say why we need this system, why we need to study. So particularly why we need to study, not just by this system, because the system has levels.

It's levels. Now we go back to the second very important concept about the discourse, right? About the discourse. This course, how do we going to do that, right? We say why we need this course, but the most important, this course is a processing course, right? In this processing, we have to understand has levels. 

The first level is grabbing or take information or data, whatever, how do you want to call it? It's information, right? So five elements is information, like one of the chart we already give it to you guys. You all have to remember, remember the charts and so many datas added there, five elements, which organs, which bowels, which colors, which taste, all the chart, that's information. You guys have to remember, no question answer, that's information. 

Each one can be the data, can be the information. For example, I say, what's the time related to your liver? Your mind should be immediately find which season you are related, right? Which body part you related to your liver, you must know that's information, right? So here is a chart, that's the element information you must, must know. That's called you grabbing the information, right? That's called the basic information, never wrong. 

It's called the never wrong. It's 100% true in visible reality. In our reality, that is the truth. 

That's our stepstone. You are enter, we are enter, put it this way. If we want to enter invisible world, we have to start at the visible world first, and the stepstone, that's our stepstone, right? That's our information. 

So that's why most of you heard about the information is a power. Wow, Nick, you're so powerful. You know all of this information, right? So that's a step one, how to grab in there and digest, memorize and discriminate this information. 

Step one. But this information, if you don't know how to use just information, right? So you need to apply this information, turn it to the knowledge. That's the second step. 

Otherwise, it's just information. How to use this information? How to use this information? For example, I give you an example. Today is a Saturday, right? So after I talk, maybe everyone say, oh, I want to go out to whole foods store, right? Whole food, wow, you go to whole food, buy organic stuff. 

So we say we all gonna cook the chicken noodle soup, for example. In the chicken, you need the noodles, right? You need a celery, celery, whatever you call it. It's the same ingredients, which is the same information.

Think of what I say, five element chart, you just got the information. Now, what kind of chicken noodle soup you can coming up is based on the knowledge, technique, how do you cook, right? I know somebody cook the noodle soup, smell bad and the taste bad, no one want to eat. Someone will look good, smell good, color is good and delicious. 

Then why is it same ingredients and someone can cook delicious chicken noodle soup, someone will cook it that tastes terrible chicken noodle soup. What's happening? Same ingredients, why? System, knowledge. So that's why in the class, the second step is how to apply this information to the unique technique, comprehensive technique can be used for the healing, right? That's information. 

How do we use different system? Now they go back to the third step is a system. What kind of system you are going to use? Different system has a different understanding of this framework, just like a different chef can use different kind of ingredients or same ingredients and the different processing, different combination. Does anyone watch the show? One of the best show is Iron Chef. 

If you cannot, please, I highly recommend that go to watch it again, but I don't know this show still there. It's a great competition. You see the difference, it's Iron Chef, but each one has a different idea. 

Some can cook the same ingredients, can cook it as a different taste. How can they come up at the same time, right? That is the concept. Why? Because they each must use their own system, their own system, their ways to understand each ingredients, the nature of each ingredients, and they can create, use their own creativity, make it look good. 

Each dishes must look good, smell good, and taste good, right? Thinking this way. So then, therefore, we have to think in this way. If a five element consciousness framework, this class, and I want each one of you know how to use this information.

I want you to know how to create your healing plan. That's my goal. See, I don't want you guys can reach the level, just know how to high level BS. 

I know the information. I don't want you just BS. I want you each one can apply this concept and create your own unique personalized healing plan, right? That's all information. 

For example, I give you an example, right? Very interesting concept. It's called the system. For example, I, someone suffer in a chronic constipation, right? I shouldn't do that, you know, morning to the constipation, so boring, but exciting because everyone could complain the constipation, right? Suppose just a simple thing, constipation, you can't go, all right? Look at this. 

You can't waste. That's just a five elements here, five organs there. How do we start? How do we see that? You can definitely, you can go to over counter, buy the something, you know, just to make you fresh out, you know, every day do the this, drink the tea, or you can do the pungi, so whatever something, that'd be fine too. 

That's just information. But how do you use this knowledge? Now, think of what I say here now, all right? Suppose I say, I'm going to use lung, lung as the, I will enter because the lung, the function is allow energy rise and energy drop. So the lung and the colon has a relationship. 

If the lung energy can rise and the colon energy will be dropped down. So therefore constipation can be read as the lung energy hasn't rise, right? So therefore I can start how to nourish, moisture my lung function. Metal element, so I enter as the metal element. 

That's one angle, depending on which system. But suppose you say, let me go to the wood element concept. So the wood element says the essence of the wood elements be flexible. 

Something has to be flow freely. So from this angle, then they can say, oh, your constipation, it means that you will live a function disorder because you are not flexible. Something stuck there doesn't flow freely. 

You see that? So therefore name the wood element, I can say, I am try to help you influence, increasing your liver function. So when the liver function getting better, your Qi flow freely. So name the bowel flow freely, then constipation will go away, right? Make sense? Yes. 

That's just a different angle. Suppose they say, okay, I don't want this. How can I go to the water gate? So now you think of this, what's the constipation? Something not the flow smoothly, right? So you think of that.

If a bowl doesn't flow, what's happening? The water level too low. If a water level too low, the bowl, big bowl doesn't flow. So what's happening? Open the water gate, allow the water flow. 

So therefore the killing, which is the water element is important, right? Understand now, now look at it. I'm just giving you a concept that they see. Different system has a different ways to think, right? They say, okay, how about fire? Now think of the fire. 

What's the fire can do? Fire element, I still can do it. So the fire element where you're thinking, okay, I looked at the constipation, it means something stop. Today is a February 22nd at the East coast, outside is still so cold. 

Outside today, right now, only 25 degrees. What's happening 25 degrees? Everything frozen, nothing can move. So what I can let them move? Temperature, fire, understand the concept now? So I can readify this angle, say maybe it doesn't have enough fire and allow these things flow freely. 

Everything frozen, stuck. You see the concept? Which means individually also makes sense, but some system much better. They can come in, make us the team effort. 

Now you make a team effort, all the combination can change. You can take wood, you can take the metal, you can take the kidney water, make it the common, that's the teamwork. Can be two organ together, can be three organ together. 

You see that? System different, thinking different, combination different, then the outcome will be different. So that's why we say five element consciousness framework is levels. It's the levels of the understanding, it's levels of understanding the knowledge with the information, how do they cooperate together and how do you use this information differently. 

Now after this, so you know, we are going to learn how to think differently. So I will share this concept from what I learned from my master. My, what I learned most is through the wood element, because the wood element has their so unique, how to call, characters. 

So unique characters, because the one of the most important concepts today for the wood element is emotions. All the emotions, which is all your chi, 90% most of what I say, 90% of people wasting their chi, their life force at the non-necessary emotional events. Not necessary, right? So if you understand this, you don't waste this energy.

You don't need to waste this energy. So therefore, the wood element is my style, which is our system. I will introduce you how to use these things, how to make that to study, how to study this.

So that will be the later on in this course, getting deeper, we will discuss this, right? Then the last one, after this course, we know the levels, right? We know the information, we know the knowledge, now we know the system, then the last one is the wisdom. It's the wisdom. So everything as before, knowledge, information, and the system, all I can try, use my limited language and my skill, my experience, try to teach you, and try to guide you, and try to help you. 

The only last one, I cannot do anything, or I can watch you. That's the sadness, but that's the beauty of the Dao. So that's why they say, master only can lead the student to the gate, the student have to go through.

I only because that's the wisdom. The wisdom cannot use language to pass, to teach. You have to experience. 

Each one of you have to use your mind, and use your heart, and use your heart, or I say, it's not using your mind, you have to use your heart. So what does that mean? In the Chinese, use the one word, which is no English, you can translate it. Chinese is called Wu. 

I want everybody to learn this first Chinese vocabulary called Wu. Wu, W-U. Which tone is that, Master Liu? Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu. 

Last tone, go down. Wu. It's like uh-oh, go down. 

Wu, Wu. So you are Wu. You need Wu. 

What is Wu? It's thinking without the mind. You have to think, but without the mind. All you can say, think with your heart.

Can you think with the heart, not thinking with the mind? Wu. Why Wu so important? In the Buddhist, they say the Wu is between normal man and the Buddha. If you get in alignment, you have Wu. 

If you're not in alignment, you're still human. So the Wu can give you a quantum leap, not a gradual change, all right? Anyone in the gradually changing, you haven't changed yet, you just gradually. What is called a gradually change? Anyone have experience like you go out the mountain and sit there, watch for the sun rising, right? It's a great activity. 

You watch the sun slowly, gradually, and coming up, and the darkness gone, right? Doom's gone. The cloud disappear. Then the sun rise. 

That's called a gradually. No, that's not Wu. Wu doesn't do that.

Wu is you are walking in the darkness room, suddenly you turn on the switch, and the entire room is a bright shining. Between darkness and the lighting, and just that moment, whole thing 100% change. That's called a quantum leap. 

So that's the last part, what I truly wish through this course, and somebody have some kind of Wu. Definitely, the Wu also has a level of the Wu. Small Wu and the big Wu, right? Doesn't mean big Wu is better. 

It is better. Later we can talk about the better, but it's better than nothing, right? Because you have experienced this concept. So the first homework is you need to realize what's called the quantum leap, the Wu. 

It's tonight. Tonight, now it's all night time, unless some people at the different part of country is go to the darkness room, turn on the switch, and turn off, turn on. Experience what's happening.

Everything, where is the darkness? When you turn on the light, darkness still inside the room. Only difference, you are introducing the light. Yin and Yang still same. 

The oneness exists. I really want each one. That's the homework. 

That's the first homework I wish each one of you guys to do, right? So in this course, sometimes I just pop out the homework. It's up to you. I believe that as today, none of you are at the kindergarten, someone to push you to do the homework, right? You don't have to show me you do the homework. 

It's between you and the Dao, you and the God, you with the nature. It's up to you, which level you want to experience. So therefore, in my opinion, this course, that's my goal. 

Through this kind of processing, I am introducing something greater and better than just knowledge and just technique. Even though, right, put this worst case, we need to know worst case, right? They're called the plan A and the plan B. We all love to do the plan. I know you guys love to do the plan too.

Worst case, you know how to use this five element framework for your own personal healing benefit, even though you don't get the quantum enlightenment, even though you are not dead, but you still have a good life, good health. You still can avoid some kind of physical suffering. That's called the worst case, right? Worst part, but the better part can go up more. 

So it depends. So the last part is the wisdom, all right? So I say the last part is wisdom. No one knows.

Because it's possible. It's possible, right? So I only can, how do I say that? Give my own experience, like many years, many years, right? At that time, I don't realize what's happening. You know, my master just say, do it. 

So I just have to follow what he said, go do it. So for example, so if we say what element, but you have to, you have to enter, you have to find what element has contained this kind of wisdom, right? So which is every year, I have almost 15 years, every year at the summertime, I always go to the England as one of the small town, they think, I think that they're called the Tisbury, right? Tisbury, the small town has one of the second oldest, the yew tree, evergreen tree called the yew tree. They are 4,000 years old, 4,000 years old. 

Older than the Buddha, older than the Lao Tzu. So the summer tree, the tree can stand and living with the 4,000 years, how much wisdom contained in that tree? The tree already turn the spirit, in the spirit of itself, right? So you go there every year, go there, you're not, yeah, you go there, you can, I go there to two things. One is we always sit there and eat fish and chip, you know, one of the best at England is fish chip.

So, you know, something, right? You just eat in there. So all the local people pass to us, they say, what's going on? The crazy American guys and then come here, what? They have nothing to do, just sit around this tree after we eat, we sleep. Yes, the sleep, why sleep? No mind, right? So only when you sleep, you don't have a mind, then the wisdom, the spirit of the tree might be able enter to you because you jump up your mind. 

And sometimes we practice and they definitely that's a different things, right? So that's, I'm just going to tell you guys, 15 years, right? Does anyone would do that? Not many people would into that kind of dedicated, want to have this kind of experience and the particular practice. You might go one or two times and then that's it, right? So that's why I say it's a meaning, yes, the cultivation, but that's good. Yes, making me has a different kind of understanding or different kind of relationship with the wood elements. 

Okay. I think that should be the first things to talk about why this course, what can lead you go, right? So you know the goal, you come here, you can, the first step, you are have to grab the information, you have to learn the knowledge, then you have to learn what kind of system, how to apply this knowledge. Then the last part is up to you. 

If you have a desire or something still touch you, you want to discover the wisdom. Right? That's all between you and whatever you call it, right? That's the one thing. Now we have to go to the second part of the discourse. 

Because of this course, it's not just knowledge. It's not just information, right? Because even though there's knowledge, there's a different kind of knowledge. Then different kind of knowledge need a different kind of mental, emotional processing. 

So we cannot, I say the very clearly now, we cannot use all the habit, which is most of you learn from the kindergarten until your college, until you get master, PhD degree. Some people have a doctorate degree. If you have two doctors, you might be worse.

Might be worse. I only say might be worse. Depend on how discipline you will hold down your learning processing. 

Because this kind of learning processing is a step-by-step you build up. This kind of processing grabbing the information is the information can be diagnosis, can be discriminated, can be processing. Because, because in these five elements, we say it's consciousness. 

Then therefore, the same kind of information in the consciousness levels, you cannot use all the processing way. Try to study hard and try to get it. You won't get it.

You have to use the wu. You have to use the wu. And then even wu, I cannot teach you.

I only can screen you. That's not right. I only can tell you it's not right. 

But what's right? I don't know. But I only can say that's what I say. In this path, you shouldn't do this way.

You do this way, you never get it. Right? So the somehow in here is the difference. So the processing of this has to be different. 

Right? So we have to change the processing of the information, processing of the knowledge, which means I'm going to constantly make a turn, circle up instead of step up. So every time circle up, you are same knowledge and change a different course. Just like every day you change the course, but that somehow can be different. 

Right? Because outside the change, you're feeling change. So the same way you are continuous and the same knowledge you from different angle, from different angles, you must learn how to change the position, how to change the position, see the same space, same information. So this way will help you be flexible, help you open up your mind and see things differently. 

Right? So we will go through this way. So we will use some kind of the knowledge, right? And experience, maybe make sure to see what is the processing in order to grabbing this kind of Eastern philosophy or Eastern wisdom. People always thinking five element is a philosophy. 

Yes, they are philosophy. Philosophy you can teach, you can get a degree, right? You can go to degree. Every school teaches the philosophy.

Doesn't mean every student graduate their enlightenment. Philosophy is not enlightenment. The philosophy is a mental game, but not a wisdom. 

Right? That's different. Philosophy is not a wisdom. Philosophy is the knowledge.

Right? So you have to use something to allow you to see the interconnections. Well, we run out of time. So maybe we quickly do the one experience, right? So I would like each one of you right now, just close your eyes. 

Let me do the one of the music and see what's happening. Does anyone see the ice cream truck in front of you? So look at the sound. What is this sound going to do to you? Memory, right? The sound triggered the memory. 

Now you see the car. The sound coming first. Now you see the car.

Now what's happening? Triggered each one of you, the memory. Childhood memory at the park. And there may be that moment before the moment you fall down, you just hurt. 

Once you hear this sound and you change it, your smile, you know your grandma or your mom might buy this ice cream for you. Right? Now what's happening? This ice cream bring the happiness and the joys. Now look at this way. 

What's happening? Past. Does it exist? Still exist. But it exists at a different level.

But through the sound, through the pictures, bring back to the memory and bring back to the joy memory and maybe bring back to sad memory. Depend on each one of you how to arrange the information of the past. Right? Some of you might have a memory is that you just get one of the so delicious, the chocolate cones and suddenly the other boy pushing you, you jump on the floor. 

Oh, so you cry. Where's my ice cream? Right? Some people definitely have that kind of memory. Some people just eat. 

Someone push you. The other kids are running to the ice cream truck and pushing you. You drop it. 

Then you cry. What's happening? Your mother will say, that's okay. That's okay. 

I will go get the second one. Right? You see that? So each one of you will pull out the memory. So now it's not a memory. 

Here, I want each one of you thinking one more time. What's happening for the 50, 60 or someone 60 years ago, all of this memory you can pull out that clear. What's happening? The power of the arrangement information. 

Now thinking this way, if this five element framework, consciousness framework can pull out your consciousness level of the past life. What's happening? At the cell level, you will change. You can pull out the happiness and the joyful memory. 

You can use this memory for healing. What's happening? And nothing can stop you. And no cancers, no disease will exist because the memory of the life.

So this kind of exercise, this kind of practice is what I learned. So I would be happy to share how to use this kind of way into this course. And while we are getting deeper and getting into some kind of practical case, then each one of us will get benefit. 

Right? That's the one thing. The last part when I say the name, we can stop now. Right? So because what we deal, right? So we are many of you might have a different degrees to understand the five elements. 

But someone said, I know. I know too. That's called the level of the knowledge. 

The level of the knowledge somehow in the big picture, which is not important. It's just it itself. It's a doubt. 

Nothing can compare. But in a small scale, it's very important because it's the relationship between you with this knowledge, you with this wisdom. Right? I give an example, each one of you.

The premium flowers with annual flowers. What's different? The premium flowers, they can start to bloom at the main all the way to the October. The premium you can buy for the Home Depot. 

You know, when they may come, they sell some flowers, premium flowers. You can do it or annual flowers. Right? So five months. 

If they can nonstop bloom, five months. After five months, October, before get this, you know, weather change. That's all you can see. 

But the flower itself never have a chance experience the spring and then experience the winter. So flower missing the knowledge of the winter, never have a chance to see what is the snow look like. Right? Your daffodil, even though they are only have a first couple months at the spring, but the daffodil experienced the winter coldness. 

It's the same knowledge, same called the flowers, but each one have experience. So in the Chinese culture, so they're using the prime flowers. The prime flowers, why so unique? Because the prime flowers only bloom at the November and sometimes January. 

So everything is gone. Gone. Cold. 

But only the prime flowers can bloom and the fragrance and the smell so good. The colder they are, the smell, the more beautiful it is. So the both is the flowers. 

Memoria, you know, the, the, the, what they call, you can say that the, let me see, the flower tree, you can get a, what I call the flower tree, the Memoria flower, right? At the earlier, lucky Memoria might be twice a season, but Memoria flowers never experience can bloom at a cold weather and snow. So thinking the other way, in the Zhuanzi, right? The master Zhuanzi, and they give one of the beautiful stories. Beautiful story. 

And the, the both is the birds, little tiny birds jumping around and this, and they can fly and watch the big eagles and say, why you are so crazy? You can fly so high. Look at me. I can jump here, jump here, much easier. 

Why you have to fly so high? Then big birds and the eagles say, what I see is not what you see. The, my sky is not your sky. And the both is free, and both know how to fly. 

The level of the birds and the sea, the level of the sky. So each one of us must think in this way, which level allow me to see through this five element consciousness framework. Am I look at this framework as the symbol, or am I look at this framework as the vehicle, right? So they can be as the symbol, they can be as the vehicle, or they can be as the category. 

Depend the level of the who you are. That's why I just tried to say, don't limit us. Don't limit our knowledge, right? As of today, we know they are the most powerful modern science. 

There are three of the theories, right? The one of the theories is what? Quantum entanglement, right? Quantum mechanic, quantum knowledge, quantum theories. What is quantum theory to tell us? Everything's a connect. You cannot separate. 

You want to understand one, you must understand whole, right? The other one is relativity theories. Energy and the metals are interchangeable. And the two different things, and they look like a difference at the highest level, they are connect. 

Now look at the five elements. Do they do that? They already tell you, your lung and your colon, no physical connection, but they are living together side by side. Lung has issue, your colon will have issue. 

The two parts, no connections. It is quantum. It is relativity theories. 

They already tell you, you will never directly relate the season and the time of change outside the nature with the time change, right? Now, third one in the modern science is chaos theories. The chaos theories tell you if one small butterfly at the Brazil can cause the Texas and the tornado happens, then one of the elements can happen at any organs, can impact to entire whole body, right? Nothing. They are all connect.

So these are major things in the quantum, in a modern science. So as today, if we're going to study this, we should be proud of ourselves. Even though you can say this ancient Chinese stuff, but also you can say, no, that's the modern science. 

Make you proud of yourself. Make you at the least that you can have a high level BS to show yourself, right? But in the Chinese medicine, that's more profound. They put the Yin Yang theories, entire Tao. 

The second of the Tao from oneness, right? They found the meridians, entire your life, your life network, your life body into these five elements. Now, the last one I can challenge you guys. You look at the five element is a five elements. 

Can you look at the five element is one element as a oneness. Then that will be directly five elements and turn it to the one entire elements. Oneness, that is the goal. 

So that is the, we are going to together in this course and discover the wisdom of the five element consciousness. That's it for today. And I didn't see why we can give you a guys, you know, wow, that's already, yeah, I can give out guys a couple, couple good question. 

That's it. You covered everything on as above, so below and put it all together in one really great package. I would encourage everybody. 

Go, even if you listen to all of the initial videos, please, after today's recording, we listened to what Master Liu said today, go back and re-listen to each session. Many of us have listened to them five or six times. There's so much embedded in there, hidden in there that your mind will filter out until you're ready to receive it. 

Excuse me, but then you'll be able to establish a really good foundation to continue to move along and to follow what Master Liu is, is even talking about, right? That's why we call this an advanced course. Also, please make sure that you have a five element chart, download it, download all the charts, but keep that five element chart handy with you. I don't care if you put it on you, wear that, wear it, think it, live it. 

The more it can become second nature to you, it will flow right through you. So Master Liu, I mean, you're guiding us to that pearly gate where we can have the freedom to allow wisdom to wash through us. That to me was like the breath of fresh air this morning. 

I don't know if you want to open to questions or just allow us to... Maybe it doesn't need too many questions, otherwise you say, you know, there's a lot to process, you know, a lot to listen. So we say you only listen what you listen. So you can base on the, what I say, the guidance and see these things. 

That's just the beginning, right? So we are going to use the, when I say that the new learning path, the new learning technique, circle up, right? Tornado up. So instead of build up. So this way will be different way thinking.

So you just guys has to continue learning if possible and learn it. So then we say we depend on what we do every two weeks or every week. My job is every class I give you a guidance, I give you a key point you need to learn, right? So you can base on this, go back to the, listen to the videos again. 

So they maybe can give you different angles to understand in the videos what I try to say. Okay. That should be enough for today. 

Good luck. So that's just good beginning. So when the good beginning, we'll have a good end. 

Before we end, I do want to have one more announcement. This is such a massive program with 60 videos. So we're rolling them out gradually so that you will have a chance to study. 

As we said, go back and please re-listen more videos will be released over the next few days. Don't rush through them. They're going to be there. 

They're accessible for you for the next year and a half. So you have plenty of time. All right. 

And thank you, Master Liu. Again, we'll go back. We'll re-listen. 

I'm feeling refreshed and like a beginner student. So thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Thank you.