Okay, nice to see you guys again. So we're going to talk about something else, right? ACHOO! Oh, just a minute. I pull my back. 

Is anyone caught 9-1-1? 9-1-1 is a good show, right? So, I know I'm just representing somebody as something happens. So just think about it. Why, when you're sneezing, you haven't carried thousands of pounds or hundreds of pounds, as soon as you sneeze, your back will off the balance. 

You'll get a lower back. What's happening, right? So if these things happen, how do we understand and how do we use five element consciousness framework to diagnose or to understand what's going on? So, I give you one minute. You better give me the answer. 

Come on. I've been trying so hard to even give it a nice show. You supposedly, you supposedly should give it.

At the least, you should give me the, you know, okay answer, right? I don't want you, you know, I'm not expecting you to give me the A plus answer. At the least, they should give me the C plus answer, right? Come on. Let me, let me wait, you know, one minute. 

See, does anyone, you should get the pencil right down. What are you thinking? Why, when you're sneezing, you often, your back pulled out. Almost. 

Ready? Okay, put the pencil down. So when you are sneezing, right? Listen, listen to me carefully, right? When you're sneezing, the air come from where? Where? Mouth and the nose, right? The sneezing. Then we say lower back, lower back pulled out.

So according for the Chinese medicine, the lower back represent the house of the kidney. Ideally, we say lower back is the house of the kidney. Ideally, it's to say, hey, your kidney function be impact.

Or you say your kidney function or kidney Qi is not strong. When the kidney Qi is not strong, what's happening? The concept is kidney is what? The kidney with the bladder. What's the relationship? Give me the chart. 

We go back to our map. Okay, we look at the kidney. The kidney's partner is bladders.

So the only one thing in this course I haven't discussed, which is the bladder lines, the meridians. That's the one of the missing information we haven't done yet, right? But each organ's function, assuming, assuming all you guys already done the study, self-study, already know, right? Each organ, each element related to organ, each organ, what they can do, right? So each element, each organ related to the body part at the first page, you should be able to pull it out. So therefore, I'm just remind you, remind you, the lower back is associated with the kidney.

So now follow me. So here has a one thing of the Chinese medicine, never, never say the clear, right? It's not clear. So supposedly should be so clear.

So the kidney, when the Chinese doctor say, oh, you have a kidney issue, they are assuming, they are assuming you understand the kidney include bladders. Just like that's my family. When you say your family include what? Your partners, your mothers, your children, even your grandmothers, right? They are all in your family. 

So when I say the lower back is the house of the kidney. So in the other words, the location of your lower back associated with the kidney. That's the number one, you guys should know, right? So which means at the location, location, location.

So through the location, we are immediately associated which organ, which elements. Then your mind, your mind should be immediately to see in this location with this organ. In the five elements consciousness framework, what's the relationship? Now, look, I want to give you guys look how many different relationships can be at the here, right? They can have a mother-child relationship, they can have a shanker relationship, they can have a three organs relationship, right? They are all at the here. 

Okay, very good. Now go back to again. So when I sneezing, okay, now look at that. 

It's air, right? Sneezing is air. But this air goes to where? So when you're sneezing, even though it's the air, the air is very easy, right? Related to the what? Related to the lung, right? Make sense? We all understand the lung give you a capability to breathe in and breathe out when you're sneezing. But when you're sneezing at the moment, the qi can be the air.

Push your air. Sneezing doesn't impact to the kidney. Sneezing impact to your blood.

Because of the sneezing at this moment, the air is not just coming out your mouth, but also coming out where? Your nose, right? It doesn't come out of your eyes, otherwise your eyeball will pop out, right? So it doesn't come out of your ear. But listen to me, guys. Sometimes you have experienced when you're sneezing, your eardrum will pop, right? You say, oh, what's happening? So that's why when you have ear issues, sometimes related to the kidney.

So that's why sometimes when you have tendinitis, ear ringing, they say it's the kidney issue. That's why, because what? It's not physical connection. It's a meridian connection, which is one of the things we are missing in this class, right? So I hope you guys go to study by yourself. 

That's what I hope. You all know this concept. It's meridians.

But follow me, right? So I know I chose today is a little bit difficult concept, but it's a common issue for most people. Because often your life, one or two times, you will going to have this lower back issues. Even you don't, you're afraid going to get it, right? But you know this one would be very helpful down the road for future, right? So that's why tonight we discuss the lower back. 

So go back to the lower back again. It's kidney. So now you see the air, because of sneezing, these actions, right? That's events, physical events.

The strength of the air moving impact to the bladder meridians. Because your bladder meridians already has function disorder, weakness, that can be catch a cold. That can be catch a heat.

That can be have some kind of weakness already, right? That they are no accidents. I think until today, I don't have to repeat this concept to you guys anymore. That means somehow at the invisible level, at the chi level, at the consciousness level, your bladder meridians lines already be impact by outside pathogens.

Can be weather, can be dampness, can be cold, or can be you have two days and do the gardens and cleaning the house or moving the box, right? Clean the now the spring, maybe you clean the attic, clean the lawns and the leaves or whatever you do. You overstretched. Now the sneezing, just that action itself will pull off and make your lower back have issues.

Now this issue is caused by chi. It's not caused by physical evidence. It's not caused by the physical push, like you hit by cars, or you hit by pole, telephone poles, or you driving, you know, ride a bike, you fall down and hit a rock, right? It's not as a physical injury. 

It's yourself through the chi, not the blood injury. It's the chi stagnation. Understand here now? It's the chi stagnation. 

That's the one. Now we go location. Organs. 

So you guys can see what things, which organs can cost, we say. Stress can cost, right? If I say stress can cause that your bladder function disorder, which means what? Xiangsheng relationship, the mother-child relationship, right? Liver under stress, take out the more energy from the kidney. So when the liver dragging, suck out more energy for the kidney, for the bladders, then what? Then cause bladder chi deficient.

Then on top of this, one of additional chi push will cause your back off the balance. Second one, you can say, maybe lung has an issue. If lung has an issue, chronic cough. 

If you are suffering from chronic cough, if you are suffering from bronchitis for a few weeks, right? Hasn't completely healed yet. Then the lung hasn't functioned right. So the lung with the kidney, it is also a mother-child relationship. 

It's also a Xiangsheng relationship, right? So through this way, you can say, because the lung doesn't support kidney enough. Then therefore, when the kidney, I always say, when the bladder need additional strength to protect this kind of air flow, bladder cannot handle it. Then you cause the issue.

That's the second one. That's called the Xiangsheng mother-child relationship can cost. Now you look at the Xiangsheng relationship. 

Does Xiangsheng relationship can cost? Suppose we say the earth, Xiangsheng, right? The earth is supposed to need support. Or you say control, but you have a digestive system issue, metabolic function issue, right? This couple of days, you have what I call the food poisons, right? You might go to the air or something. You don't have, you know, you are eating things wrong because you are traveling, right? Like your dinners, your lunches, it's not on schedule. 

You eat the lousy food or the fried food, whatever you put into your body, cause your digestive system off the balance. Now, because the digestive system, which is the stomach in the spring, needs support, just like a support kidney, but in this time, they cannot do that. They cannot support and also can cause these issues.

And particularly, if your heart, which is a pericardium, and at that time, these couple of weeks, you might be in one kind of stress in your mind, in your feelings, in your emotions. You're constantly, you're fighting your boyfriend, fighting with your girlfriend, and you're worried about your mother or something, right? So it takes a lot of emotional drain in the heart, the feelings. So at that time, supposedly, supposedly, kidney need support to the heart. 

But at that time, your heart get more support. Kidney cannot handle, kidney cannot handle that. You're over asking. 

Now, when this action happens, the kidney cannot handle that. Also can happen. Here, I only say that, which is called a relationship off the balance can cause kidney function off the balance.

Then, accident happens, reverse this concept. So we know the lower back is the house of the kidney. Now, if we want to help the kidney, if it's the same way, it's the same way, right? So we think, okay, I can use a mother-child relationship. 

If I straining my liver function, decreasing my stress, do I allow the kidney has more energy? Yes, right? Or I say, if I increasing my lung function, which is many people do the Thursday night, we do the cheese Thursday night, we standing there, you know, dragon standing between heaven and earth, increasing the kidney function and the cheese for the lung. So my increasing the lung, I increasing the mouth, I increasing mother's cheek. But therefore, I also can help the kidney function. 

All I can do, I don't care, right? I don't care. I'm not going to broken my heart. I don't care.

They say one door close, and the millions of doors happen, right? He's not gonna to broken my heart, or she's not gonna to, you know, pushing me down, right? I'm bitter, right? So you don't care. And therefore, your heart can handle this kind of stress. So you don't need us keep kidney, give you a resource. 

So which is the kidney can save this energy to heal herself, right? That's the way. That's called a tool of the relationship. So how about you guys can make what's called a what? You can make triangle cooperation, which is based on the what? Based on the understanding of the sentence.

Do you have a sentence? Do you have a sentence at the liver sentence? Do you have a sentence of a digestive system sentence? Or do you have a sentence for the lung sentence? So you will chose stronger one. Stronger one. No physical and emotional issues, the organ.

And create a team, healing team. Do not chose the organ already under a lot of medication and a lot of stress. Because they already difficult to protect themselves. 

You wonder they can't join with the team. Doesn't help, right? In this framework, they tell you one week will cause the whole system weakness. So you cannot allow the weak one be part of the team, even though you have unconditional love. 

But you cannot chose. You have to say, and this way, at this moment, would you please stay on the side, right? That's the one way. Now, there are the other way. 

What is the other way? Remember the last week when we talked about sleeping, right? The sleeping is the what? Is the best evidence or best events for self-healing. So we know the body can heal itself. So if we can make the body to good sleep, rest, rest, rest, rest, then the body will find a way to heal itself. 

If you don't find that, you cannot find good people or good treatments, you rather go back to the self-healing stage. Try have a nice sleep. I know people say, oh, I have a back pain. 

I difficult to lie down one position. Take a painkiller. Take one sleeping pill. 

I'm telling you, I'm just recommending you. Why? Even though they are medication. But however, you give it a chance, allow the body to rest, body to heal. 

After you heal, then go back to clean up this garbage. You're still ahead of the game. Do you understand what I say? Sometimes you need to know when you can handle the actual more bad stuff, whatever we call it, right? That's the number one. 

Now, follow me, right? Now, it's not easy. Now, I'm going to go to the level two. What is the level two? Level two is lower back pain. 

And the male and the female is totally different stories. Right? And the female get the lower back pain. And the more complicated than the male. 

Now, you have to see this part. Male is pretty easy because generally speaking, it's the major marine's lines, the bladders run through the dust. But the female is not. 

So the female has the other invisible ways, which is the liver function, liver marines, the bell marines around this lower back. So therefore, to diagnosis this lower back pain, we cannot just say, oh, lower back pain treated here. Cannot. 

You must define the male and the female, number one. So once you find this male, that's pretty easy. Main cause is the bladder. 

It's not even though they say it's a kidney, but it's a bladder because the bladder lines go through. For female, that's tough. So how do we define it? And the female lower back pain is liver involved or not liver involved or just bladder or kidney itself.

How? Sentence. Do you remember? I tell you guys, I have a one chart. I list that every organs are related to body parts. 

Right? So if liver involved, then you must have so many liver function issues. What is the liver function issues? Sport injuries, easy get. Right. 

So what else you can get the liver issues? Come on. As a reflux, you can get it. The worst case that you have a bad nails. 

Come on. Right. That's all this. 

All your mood swings. What else? Come on. You guys must fast enough.

So that's why I say homework homework until now is a test. How much you do your homework now. Right. 

So you have to see. Do you have a chronic chronic history of the menstrual cycle disorder? Because the menstrual cycle for the female is the primary information or I say the major information or important the area you always even know. Now, listen to me carefully. 

Even though you are already postmenopausal, you still need to ask him. When you was young. That's your menstrual cycle on time. 

If their menstrual cycle always have issues, PMS, you know, never on time, then you know you audit that person herself has a chronic liver function disorder issues. Therefore, therefore, if you've got the lower back pain, you always need a concert as the liver function. So therefore.

Our treatment plan become more complicated. We are not just deal kidney issue. We also have to deal the liver issue. 

Then we also have to deal one family issue. Mother and the child both has issue. You see that. 

So that's why the lower back pain look like a simple, but also it's not a simple, right? Because they are has a something at the there and the heavy. Why? Because the liver make the female and complete completed different after this. Now, I'm going to give you one secret. 

It's out of the book. Right. Which is out of book. 

Never in the book. So you guys should be right down. Right. 

It's a secret. Because we say the body has two parts. One is a materialized body. 

Young side. The other part is non-materialized inside. Right. 

In and young. Visible and invisible. So the body part is young. 

Meridians is in because it's invisible. Because we have meridians. And because the meridians has a unique energy pathway, energy network, then make a body.

So unique. So profound. Right. 

The some area, particularly lower back area. If you say I have a lower back pain. Now we go back lower back pain again. 

One is entire lower back. One is almost at the center of the lower back. Right. 

You have to differentiate that now. Get the more focus, focus, focus. If we shank into this whole area lower back to the center, around the center. 

Right. Now I'm making more care around the center. This area has one special shortcut. 

It's like a special tunnels. Underground tunnels. Right. 

Just think about it. You know, Manhattan has underground centers, tunnels. White House has underground tunnels.

The house of the king has an underground center. The tunnels connect to your stomach meridians. Please do not share this secret. 

No, I'm just making a joke. Right. You still need compassion to help somebody. 

Right. So just understand. You need to understand this.

Right. That's a secret. It is a secret. 

Not in any acupuncture book, in the Chinese medicine book. That's the secret energetic underground tunnels. Stomach has one special connect into the center of your lower back.

So you will think, what's that going to do for? That's going to do so many miracle things happen. So many miracle things happen. You see the acupuncture, why acupuncture is so powerful? Because acupuncture put the tiny needles and try, try, try. 

I just use a try. Try to stimulate the meridians. And then therefore, the meridians, the energy will change. 

We adjust the balance. The entire network will change. The energy flow, name, pain or condition will change.

Now, if we know the location has problems associated with the specific meridians lines, we save us time. Right. We save a lot of diagnosis. 

Then we can use a different method, different treatments. Because the bottom line is, as long as the qi can flow freely, as long as the blood can flow freely, disease or pain can go away. Right. 

That's one of the fundamental laws. That's what we all try to do. Now, listen carefully. 

Instead, we're going to treat you. We're going to fix the blood lines. We just fix your stomach. 

The stomach is easy. Right. Stomach just, you can go, you can do the special diet.

You can eat radish. You can do something else. Right. 

But you cannot eat a big food. Right. You say, oh, yeah, special diet. 

I'm going to go to the Chinese buffet. You know, $25.99 or whatever. Then your stomach is too full. 

You don't have energy processing. You have to give yourself a little bit of fasting. Right. 

Or give you a little bit of loose food and you can run to the bathroom. Think of this, what I say. So what's happening? Your stomach will flow free.

Right. The one of the white radish, you know, the white radish called the daikon. Right. 

They call the daikon. It's a white radish. You can get a small red radish that doesn't have that kind of strength, doesn't have enough power. 

But the white radish can help the stomach flow free. If you don't, you say, I don't have, I don't like the taste. Some people doesn't like the radish taste. 

Right. It's too bad. You know, I highly recommend each one of you in order to prevent the later Alzheimer's. 

Think of this, Alzheimer's. You should eat more radish. Thinking this way, radish, so unique one of the food has so many healing benefits for us. 

And most people doesn't know how to use radish. And that's why I say that's another in this class. Right. 

The one day, maybe one day we're going to do the other kind of class. Talk about the food. Anyway, stomach. 

Right. So once we know this. We can focus on just by stomach, by your digestive system. 

So entire digestive system itself will change. Then what? Then the lower back pain at the center will immediately change because that is directly. Understand? What's called that directly means it's a nonstop fly. 

Right. You want to go to Europe. It's nonstop. 

Please. All right. Does anyone want to stop it to stop? No, I want to do the two stop. 

Everybody want to call the nonstop fly. That's called the nonstop secret tunnel treatment. And you never make a mistake.

Now, we tend to different ways. Right. Listen to me carefully here. 

Now, the whole concept is give you say if it's another evil, which is a true. Now, once we know, once we know the house of the kidney under the house of the kidney has one special energy. Two notes connect to the stomach. 

Right. Then why not? Why not? We can keep our stomach in the spring. This earth element of this digestive system become more profound. 

What's happening if we do this? We can avoid any kind of lower back issue. Right. Reverse to the prevention is the best cure. 

That's the beauty of the Chinese medicine. You want the prevention of that. You don't get this issue. 

Eat well. Understand this well. See? Understand what I say now? You can reverse to see. 

Oh, why not? No wonder you people always say, oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. Oh, my back pain. 

Oh, my back pain. This is a junk food, you're always doing this. No wonder you have lower back issue, because stomach has one special energy lines, special tunnels, underground tunnels connected to this point got it good okay now go back one more time so i know i'm gonna layer up there exciting right so you see that i'm i try to teach you guys layer after layer now go back to the male and the female again so the male and the female how can we say i want to prevent my chronic lower back pain i want to fix my chronic lower back pain what are we gonna do what is the first sign so we need to take look constipation right constipation which is the bowel movement what is the bowel movement the bowel movement often we will say is the colon but here still go back to the marines concept the colon with the lung colon and the lung is a partner right it's all at the middle the lung and the colon is what is the mother of the kidney right got it good now now look at one more step the colon with the stomach is the brother they are the same frequency they are brothers they function they are at the same frequency so in the other words you're moving the colon you're moving the stomach do you remember at the beginning what i said as long as chi can flow freely disease cannot enter as long as the chi and the blood can flow freely the pain cannot exist since everything associated with the marines since everything associated with the flow so what are we going to flow the bowel movement is a flow right so if we can allow our body have a healthy bowel movement so something is a flow freely can we fix the lower back pain can we fix the chronic lower back pain sure right no matter from which angle now look at these five elements so if we can do this colon issue colon concept right the stomach in the colon concept do we make the triangle right stomach and the stomach with the kidney is what it's a support relationship stomach with the lung is a mother-child relationship along with the kidneys what mother-child relationship by doing this we are creating the other kind of triangle make sense now did you see that this kind of concept so for the chronic issue for the long issue to make sure and make sure to not allow the constipation happens so the last week we take we say the one of the major 50 percent the healthy body is relied on sleep 30 percent is relied on your elimination which just means in order to receive you must let go you see that why i say elimination is more important you're eating that's why right but that can help you naming illness and the disease is something it want to stay in your body and it doesn't want to go right does anyone want to keep a pain forever no one to keep the pain forever does anyone want to keep it your anxiety forever no you can you want to let it go only unfortunately it doesn't go that easy right you have to chasing it out and then sneak in again so you have to thinking how can you create a healthy diet how can you create healthy ways allow whatever called non-necessary the chi or blood state in your body function right each organ has their purpose each element existed for purpose so if you can understand the nature of the each organs the nature of the each organs you will create healthy relationship healthy relationship you will prevent serious physical evidence physical prevent evidence i know there are no evidence no this called accidents right but however once you know this concept you'll be able to prevent okay conclusion conclusion we know which marians we know the locations we know the relationship now we need to know one more things one more things we should call the the let me see the words how do i say that their essence is the location the 99 the time all the pain are associated with the cold cold environment so the cold can have a two kind of cold one is a physical cold temperature right weather that's a temperature cold one is an essence cold so any kind of pain any kind of stagnation 99 percent of time there's always related to the cold therefore therefore in our body have to try avoid the cold right avoid the cold so you can look back which is each one you should study each organ's function none of the organ none of these organs love cold they don't they all love warm they hate the cold so that's why that's why don't get your too much cold into the body so that's why you see today why western diet created so much issues cold you're working in the restaurant they give you ice water immediate right you're working in the chinese restaurant they give you hot tea can you imagine you're working in the chinese restaurant yes you are they see your face oh you are falling let me give you ice water then when you say no no no no i want a hot tea and then they give you a dirty look right that's why you want a hot tea then you ask i need a chopstick when they think something's wrong this is what they're working in the wrong that's right they give you a fork that's right you know it's called discrimination i need a chopstick anyway so you guys should avoid the cold and particularly now go go back to the one thing particularly when you already have injury have a pain many doctors or even therapies we tell you put the ice pack at the day yes the ice pack you put on can help you releasing the pain that is true but they don't releasing the pain they just numb your nerves your nerves be frozen you don't feel the pain but pain still there it just doesn't feel the pain however these eyes will create the future down the future you send this cold into your kidney function now the kidney will never never can be performing by itself anymore they downgrade takes so long to upgrade take back think about it your credit rates go low how difficult to back to 600 700 back to the 800 very difficult right particularly as the king right so do not do not put the ice pack when you have an injury please put the heating pack right so put the heating pack at the day you have to think about the world we say that at the beginning as long as a tree of blood can flow freely the pain cannot exist so what is the pain is the blood or chi stagnation so how can we move the blood let the blood moving you cannot freeze the blood right look outside the winter when the ice doesn't move the water doesn't move temperature rise water ice will melt water can move use the heat do not use cold ice number one number two number two do not thinking they are just your muscle too weak often you go to the physical therapy they force you to do some kind of exercise they exercise your muscle they think you are muscle too weak they think you are muscle too weak has nothing to do the visible body is invisible part your body off the balance that's always at the invisible part of the balance first then visible body part will show you try to control that and try to fix the problem before the accident happens okay so that is the few important things and the third one definitely you guys already understand how to use your inherited wisdom sleep right how to use self healing method to help yourself sleep rest rest rest rest you need the chi you need energy you need your own healing energy start the function okay so that's the few tip you guys should learn right should understand okay so it's not just a problem immediately go to the you know freezer take ice pack put it there that's you know you know you shouldn't do this anymore right so anyone listen this course you should change your way thinking this i give you one the other angle right you want to learn one more trip right learn one more trip i don't know how many people watch watch the eastern movie the eastern movie when they do the this kind of sport injury people hit each other so they have one special way to cure what do they do they boil the hot they boil the hot eggs they boil eggs eggs after hot boil egg done they take the hot boil egg show away so the egg becomes so soft right hot boil egg then put it in the cotton so it can be cotton socks then give you a massage you should try this so feel so good the hot boil egg holding the heat can do so long this massage so particularly the pain at the face and the muscle area oh feel so good the heat after them right after egg has no more heat anymore you should eat there you should eat why you are processing your digest understand the concept let yourself go through your own body processing digest your self-healing resource you see that that is the highest level at the consciousness level you will never understand if i never tell you why you have to eat why you have to eat when you eat that means what you will digest right you are processing that what are you processing you are processing the stagnation you're processing that is a healing modality understand the concept then you return feedback to yourself it's called a self-refill right got it that's the other tip for you guys all right so highly recommend you if you're nothing to do i know you're all busy today but still try to make a hot boil egg and give yourself experience this kind of feeling you will love it right that's one more one thing second things when we say everything is a pain the pain always with the cold so how do we increasing the heat one is use the heating pad second one is what ginger right you can use a ginger oil if you don't have a ginger oil what are you going to do chili oil also be good right but just make sure after this don't touch your eyes right then yeah the chili oil if you still don't have your house is nice green no gingers you don't like no chilies i believe most people drink wine right wine you can use wine to massage your lower back also it's very good extra tunnel adding in to help because wine has one special way can help create blood flow can break can break blood stagnation i think you guys got a lot tonight all right so it's interesting it's a fun now you should look at yourself wow how many times i have this issue why sometimes okay so here one more i get the two things i already opened my mouth the last part is the most difficult part the most difficult part so that's why most time i don't want to say anything it's a consciousness right we say it's a consciousness since they are no accidents if these issues happens that happens for a reason right sometimes we use lower back pain as well as excuse to do something and sometimes we create these events allow us have a good time take a rest understand the concept so you will have to see your body how smart they are how genius your body can create these things to let you lie down for a couple days otherwise you're always busy right so sometimes this called accidents is for good so that is in the consciousness level and difficult to understand i want you guys put in mind have to sometimes have to see these angles that's enough we can open up before short couple questions okay if anybody has any questions please raise your hand master lu that was so rich i can't wait to make a chart i can't make i thought someone can make it so hard uh yeah i'm going to boil a hot egg yeah no egg is very expensive for now you know it's worth it your weapon i know if you want to use what you really need to try okay tom go ahead so so when you talk when you mentioned earlier in the conversation that sometimes if you have a pain you take a pain you take a painkiller or you take some type of pill most times we try not to do those things at what point do you decide that it's time to to to go down that path sleep so if you say i want the use of the sleep the self-healing so because the pain your lower back pain difficult to lie down comfortable you know position so what you can do you take a sleeping pills and the painkiller so you don't feel that you can lie down perfectly go to sleep maybe you wake up already gone maybe thank you but you never know the power of the body okay pamela go ahead excellent thank you so much thank you you're welcome um okay so so the relationship of the large intestine or colon to the stomach if there's constipation it's this do you treat the stomach what if the stools are continuously loose do you go to the spleen in terms of dampness or do you and do you treat the stomach and the spleen together or it's a good question i know that's a good question right if a if a if a continue loose right yeah you have to say the loose is what kind of loose is water type of that or is the loose you see the full at there is a different kind loose right so but generally speaking loose we say it's like a water type of so loose okay so which organ control the water kidney bladder that's right so that means it can be the kidney function disorder right so the water out of control also can be the fire you don't have enough fire so you increase in the fire will you decrease in the water right it's not always the water control the fire fire can control the water too so you have to really look at the this relationship you also have to look at the sentence right so the body never lie the body always tell the sentence is our it's a practitioner's responsibility try to see this kind of information thank you thank you you're welcome hello everyone good evening i'm inspired now to grow some radishes um and uh should i primarily stick to daikon or uh red as well and in terms of method of preparation eat them raw stew them any any particular suggestions for that it's a different purpose yeah radish has many different levels they are eating different purpose i give example for example you go to the japanese restaurant they give the sushi right after sushi some good one the traditional one will use the radish right right yeah so why you use why they use the radish because of decoration no no right that thing is not the decoration because they are tradition the radish is after you eat the sushi down then you eat the raw radish they can put the cheese push down otherwise when you burp you have a fish out of your mouth that's awful i know right you don't want to go go back to the walker kiss somebody oh number say they say something they say what do you eat right so they eat the radish is suppressed down very interesting concept because they also the radish cooked and uncooked that goes to the different purpose so if you want the skin beautiful you can eat the raw if you want the stomach strong you should cook it's a for different purpose and primarily well if if my stomach's strong my spleen or my skin has a better chance of being beautiful anyway that's right anyway so but do you want to both i know for the beauty everybody's so greedy they never think it's enough for beauty right that's right you want everything so you want to cook so while radish half of a cook half of all radish you know radish what you do you put the vinegar put the salt put the spicy like a like a pickles radish pickles you go to the some chinese restaurant they often give you radish pickles and again should i focus i mean not should i is it red daikon i mean if i fail with my crop i'd rather just uh because the white one the big one has a more heating modality and better than a small one right thinking one thing the small one 30 days you can harvest all right 45 days you got the longer the longer they grow in the ground the more energy they can receive from the nature so therefore the more essence what you want right so definitely you know the daikon radish you take it you know at the least at the least three months to four months you can harvest yeah maybe i'll be headed to the farmer's market thank you that's right you go to the farmer's market and you have to choose everyone don't choose a beautiful one do you know that yes they if it doesn't grow the beautiful there's so many electricity that is the good one because they have to sacrifice they have to fight it for life the more they can fight the more energy they have understand the concept so it's the same method for apple the good apple is not bad good apple look ugly over something or but eat that's good apple because they have to fight we we are you are not eating for survive you eating for health you eating for for essence right so then you want to can receive this kind of this kind of cooperation with the nature look at that they look look so ugly how much relationship they have to cooperate with the earth and even though that's ugly one the farmer doesn't throw the way see still on the cell still feel that this so look at how many layers this called the consciousness behind okay thank you so go ahead joe that's true i'm trying to understand this relationship of the back pain to the male and the female is it is it just the meridian connection because like we talked about in the high blood pressure talk that if there's a bladder problem in the men if the feet are swollen in the men that's worse than if it's swollen in the women so it's not just the bladder issue it's something else something special right yes but for the lower back female often has a liver issue involved so that's why they they have one more one more marines because of their bell marines more sensitive than the male they are involved for this situation why is it that in the feet the swelling in the feet is worse than men the feet is different because the feet in the main that's just there how to call it because of their bladders the angle represent the male the angle is the angle and the how do i put it the angle and also heel for men is the is the other outside the actual kidneys put it this way from female is not so therefore the male is more important more difficult if they get a part because that should be good because that's an extra kidney that's right i know i take care so therefore for the male get the heel pain will be more difficult than the male female get a heel pain it's the same thing reversed i thought we're just more complicated but it's oh yeah because of the female because of length that's a different issue the high heel i know that's a i don't want that that's a i know that's a different topic they're really not that complicated i know that's right high heel that's another way i'm going to discuss what's the high fiber element of the high heel no that's let's see what sean has to say sean go ahead hi master lu uh this is a great course thank you so much for this um i was wondering if you could show on a diagram or something exactly where you're talking about when you say the area that would be related if it was a stomach issue you said if it was more of a central it's a center which is a which means almost like at your belt you know anyone the the the guys have a belt the women have a the pain whatever the your pain load hold it then back of your center it's the center okay so okay lower lower down lower down yeah lower down so which is at their area in acupuncture so they call life gate ningmen around this area they give the nice vocabulary ningmen your life gate right and because we don't have that we i think we might have this acupuncture child we don't that's right we don't have this one so it's not necessary so we just let it go so but you just have to understand it's the center lower lower back it means that a lower name the belly button right a lot around this is called the lower so if at the center just at the back of your belly button look at your belly button oh okay so not not lower down almost where like the last vertebrae is but you still can can go down until that they are all at that area yeah they are all belong to that area yeah and if that area is affected but you're really not seeing any other spleen stomach symptoms or signs you kind of got to just sort of look at really what else is showing up or is that still considered a stomach issue that's always a stomach issue okay there's always a slide because that's a special tendons go through that okay so that if you're not you still fix so therefore to fix the stomach to put the acupuncture needles at the stomach you will have a better result name the classical way and put the needles at the bladder lines okay so access the stomach meridian on the front side of the body and not that's right on those points of the bladder you will come you know get confused to say doctor i have a lower back pain why you put the needles at here name other acupuncturists all put this i say i just learned yesterday graduated from school i'm sorry i'm making a mistake so thank you you're welcome amber you have a question hi master lu so stephanie and i um stephanie and barbara one time we boiled an egg and we cracked it open after it got uh cool enough and so we both rubbed it on our pain points we rubbed it on our knee and after we were finished we shared the egg and so i was wondering like what's the consciousness behind that of sharing the egg they share the same problem that's not your problem you shouldn't eat somebody's shit you're really eating that are you that's right your problem you should clean up yourself right so be responsible for your own problem don't try so unconditional love and let me eat your problem no your problem you fix you clean up all right thank you last question of the evening marie hi marie hi um so sometimes women and girls don't have low back pain but maybe their posture isn't great because they don't want to stick out their chest so does that affect their bladder meridian and how do you help treat the posture like nowadays they have um they have like a sports bra that's like very tight and i think that is supposed to help but would you recommend that or not yes i recommend that if they can use these two together get a little better memorize or you have to straight up you have to the back the back can you be straight or not straight is the signs to see how healthy you are okay that's the different different course how to look at the body posture to define are you healthy or not healthy is look at the back so just look at the you want to see the roof if a roof sink you know something's wrong right you want to see the straight so the back is must be straight so must even particularly when you say that at the young girls if they do this then they deliberately force themselves at the wrong postures and then the bladder meridians never have a chance for the um they already developed the fully expression it itself understand the concept if you never have a chance to fully expression yourself what's happening depression anxiety so therefore you can use this posture to hiding this but you will develop and kind of mental issue which ones are better yeah okay so it does affect your bladder function yes it would be good to use one of those sports bras yeah okay good thank you you're welcome all right master lu that's it any closing words for us to the hard-boiled egg enjoy the this man we need the feedback so what do you guys thinking even you don't have a pain even you don't have a we all have a different level of pain you still need to enjoy this kind of ancient treatment experience they give you a complete use that one and any area shoulders lower back any area experience the feeling i tell you you guys should love it okay that's it so study hard you still need to go back to real study real listen because i assuming i assuming you guys do the homework so that's why i put everything together and try to help you guys see the this framework this framework how you need after this framework you can see many angles you can see many possibilities over there okay study hard thank you so much you're welcome have a good night thank you you too good night everyone thank you again