They don't want to hear me, they either, so they just get me down, so unfortunately I don't have that kind of skill. Just everything will go there. You guys just catch that, swallowing down.

Oh, that would be dumb. Can you imagine? That would be much easier, right? So anyway, we're going to start today's class. Today's class, in my opinion, is the most important class.

The most important class. That is the key of the entire Chinese medicine, which is a real secret behind the Chinese medicine. What is? Qi. 

So everybody can talk about the Qi. Everybody can talk about the Qi, Qi, yeah, I have Qi, you have Qi, I practice Qi. What is the Qi, right? Then the other so important concept is consciousness.

But this consciousness, I have to say this to you guys, right? So in the entire Chinese medicine textbook, they talk about this consciousness, but not translate as the English of the consciousness. Sometimes they use the same words of the consciousness, the Chinese words of consciousness. And sometimes they use different words such that you can translate like essence, right? So then, therefore, today's subject is what is the difference between consciousness and Qi? That will be the topic. 

So you guys better buckle up. All right. It's very important.

Oh, you need a lot of memories. You need a lot of digestive system to digest. First one, we have to start with the Qi, because Qi is bigger.

So we put it this way, simply we say, simply we say, what is the Qi? The Qi, generally speaking, in my opinion, still we can categorize it at the four levels. Or four different categories, put it this way, not called the level, it's the category. The first level that makes everybody easier to understand Qi is the power.

Do you have Qi? Yes, I do have Qi, or I don't have Qi. When you don't have Qi, how do you feel? I feel lousy. Right? It's very simple.

I feel nothing. I don't have Qi. Right? It's Qi. 

Power. But that is not the, how do I say that? That's not the more profound way to say the power, because it is a power. But what kind of power? What kind of power? The power has two kinds of level. 

One is the visible, one is invisible power. Right? Invisible power, no one can see that. Because that's the real power, which is the real Qi at the invisible level.

Then from invisible level, become visible level. So here has one of the important concept is Qi come from where? Where they come from? That's the question we have to ask you. Where they come from? Can you get the Qi for the Amazon? Yes, Amazon Qi for sale. 

Mother's Day is coming. You get the Mother's Day. You get the Mother's Qi. 

See? Mother's Qi. So the Amazon, you cannot get Qi. So where they come from? So does anyone remember last class we say what is Dao? Dao, Dao De Jing said exactly what is the Dao? Dao is everything. 

All is nothing. Generally speaking, people say Dao is nothing. It is true. 

It's nothing. But because it's nothing, they are everything. It's infinity. 

Infinity. Therefore, Dao has Dao's Qi. So which means all the Qi originally is come from the Dao.

Then, now here coming up. Because Dao can create the oneness. Therefore, from the Dao, something has to be taken from the Dao to create oneness.

To create something. So therefore, what is it going to create? Qi. The Qi is the source. 

Without Qi, there's no life. The source. So therefore, they say Big Bang, right? Everybody here in the West.

Oh, how does the universe exist? Big Bang. But what is before the Big Bang? What comes from the Big Bang? Dao. Because Dao exists, then therefore Big Bang can come down.

Then the Qi makes a boom. Then the whole entire universe exists. Visible and invisible. 

Both sides. Then this kind of Qi can continue. Based on the character.

Based on the purpose. From the universe and come down. From the invisible to the visible.

Invisible to the visible. I'm just saying, come down to our three-dimensional. Right today, we're going to just focus on three-dimensional levels of the Qi.

That's easier. We can understand. We can easily understand.

Then Qi has two things, right? Qi can come to our life. So one is in the human body or in the nature's Qi. That kind of Qi. 

Power. That's why I say power. Everybody, oh, yeah, Qi and power.

But do you realize a different kind of power? Different kind of power. Just your body. Your power.

What is the power? Everything is a power. It's Qi. Go to the same concept.

So you have five fingers. Look. Then why different fingers have different strength? It's power, right? So if you see the power, then you suppose, as you say, why my pinky cannot hold 100 pounds? Cannot push 100 pounds.

My thumb can push 100 pounds. What's happening? Power. So that means that my thumb has more power than my pinky.

That's at a visible level, right? But at an invisible level, what's happening? Then you can use the pinky to do pinky swear. See? When you swear, what do you do? What's the power? You don't show the power. You show invisible power.

Think of it this way. And here, I'm just quickly adding this power. When we try to do pinky swear, it's the power.

But also it's what? Because you will swear. You don't swear based on the power. You will swear based on the consciousness.

The swear is not thought. It's the feelings. It's the soul deeply has something else.

It's not just the power. But also can manifest to the power. That's just a very simple concept.

Now think of the other thing. We all have a strength. We all think, I have a strength.

So what's the difference your arm can carry 100 pounds? Why your leg cannot kick 100 pounds? What's the difference? What's the difference you can run by your difficult to climb to the mountain? Or you walk up even say, oh, I'm difficult to walk upstairs. Some people difficult walk downstairs. Which muscle you are using for the strength? What kind of power? Power.

You see that? That's just a physical power. We have a real see. Because the power and because the chi different.

Then we create our life purpose. Our life event. That's just a physical.

That's just a visible level. How about invisible level of power? Your thought. Your feeling.

Your dream. Your creativity. Your imagination.

Your inner peace. You think all of this required to the different kind of power. I'm just saying different kind of power.

Mental power. Does anyone think about it? We all go to the gym. Try to create a power.

Gym is to create physical power. How about your emotional power? How about your mental power? How about your physical power? Someone make you so angry when you drive the car, cut you off. Do you have a power, inner peace? Good luck.

Can you do that? Inner peace. Right? But not easy. Mental power is not easy.

And when you have a frustrated, angry, frustrated, angry, angry, can you quickly calm down? Can you use your emotional power to lower your blood pressure? Think of this. That's the power. But unfortunately we don't know how to use these kind of power.

But we only know how to use the power as mentally create illness. Disease. Stroke.

It's a power. It's an emotional power. Let's just talk about the power.

But that's just one area, right? That's the first area everybody easier to associate that called the power. How do we see this? Then the second one is called information. But the aiming powers behind this, the power, there's always information.

The information can be where, how, when, right? Think about the birthday. Birthday's a power, right? The day which you're born, you are generate all the power, all the life source. You come out to your mothers.

All the power is there. About one year, one month, one day, one time. Every piece of information contain the elements.

So that's why they say your birthday can use as the element to say you have elements. What kind of element do you have? Fire, wood. So therefore they based on these elements to say, oh, you are missing the fire element.

You're missing the water element. So they based on this concept. That's information.

Now power and information become so unique power. So why we need this? Why we need this? For healing. That two pieces is so important.

The Chinese doctor used these two pieces, power, which is a strength, and also is information to help a doctor diagnosis what kind of condition, why happening, and what they wanted to do. What's the purpose? Now we have information, which is information. We have a power of the knowledge.

Now think of this way, when we say that everything has a chi, human body has a chi, nature has a chi, but the nature show us a totally different chi. Like now it's a spring, but the spring has a spring power. Does the spring has a spring chi? Yes, spring has a spring chi, but the spring has a spring information.

Let me use the one of the good example for you. We look at the say, everything has a power. The tree, suppose a tree has a power.

So if we see, we watch the one tree, right? That tree can be 1,000 years old, 3,000 years old. So if that tree, you look at that tree, what do you see? This tree, they call the yew tree, which is at England, is a yew forest. Inside every tree is at least 1,000 years old, at least.

So they create a gigantic field, but this one is difficult to let you see because you only see the tree, right? Not a pretty one, but when the individual one and the stand there, let me show you individual one. So when you see the individual one, this one, this one is the second oldest tree. So what do you see? But difficult to see, right? Still difficult to see, but when you look at the outside, you only see, oh, chi, can I see the chi? Can you see the chi from this tree? No, because our eye hasn't learned how to see, right? Now, can you see? Can you understand the information? Information is how old location we are.

Still doesn't see, but can you feel it? Maybe, maybe not. That's what I don't know. That's called tree.

So how about we bring out the other kind of nature, right? The other nature. So if we say, okay, does anyone understand the element have a chi, right? Different element create a different chi. The fire has a fire chi.

The wood has a wood chi. Water has a water chi. Earth has an earth chi.

But when the earth chi divided two kind, right? As today, everybody can use earth chi to build a house. House can build by earth, right? Stone, right? Dirt, cement, they all belong to the category of the earth chi. Now look at the, if a man, which is a human, based on the knowledge, based on the understanding, we can build the stone.

We use the stone to build the stone age. What do you see? Did you see just earth animals? Yeah, difficult to see, right? You don't have that kind of skill to see, right? You don't have the kind of skill to see. Then you don't have the skill to see what's the difference between the stone age and the grand canyon.

One is the nature created. One is the man created. Then the both, now here, both has a different consciousness.

Now I know you are confused now, right? You are talking to the chi or you are talking to me as the consciousness. Now is the time I'm introducing the third part of the chi. Because the chi has a consciousness and the chi has a wisdom.

What is this part? Because this part become difficult because this part is at the invisible level, but also can be at the visible level. That's why I try to say to you guys, visible level is because of the chi. Nature has a nature chi.

The grand canyon has a grand canyon chi. So you look at the grand canyon, you say, wow, so beautiful, right? Where's the grand canyon? Doesn't come out, see? Now you guys have to, based on the imagination, right? You have to quickly imagination. But when the picture coming out, oh, wow, what's happening? What's going on? And when you facing to this nature's chi, what's happening, right? You guys have to think in this.

When you feel sad, when you feel stress, when you stand, when you walk on the beach, look at the ocean, what's happening? You connect to nature's chi. So grand canyon has what? Has a power. Show the formation, shape is the power.

But chi difficult. No one can see the chi, but everybody can see the power of the shape. That's what I try to tell you guys.

We came through the shape to see the chi. Can see the chi. But we cannot, not many people can through the shape to see the consciousness.

That is the one of the difficult part. The chi, if you go through the training, you might be able to see. But consciousness goes through the training, theory's training, still very difficult to see.

That's the different levels. Because it's a hidden. What is the hidden? Now I'm gonna tell you, you guys have to learn.

Because the consciousness exists, it's for the purpose. If you don't know the purpose, then you definitely doesn't know the consciousness. Now the statement is the statement, one of the strongest statement we have to all understand.

Everything, everything has chi. Number one, everything, entire whole universe, visible, invisible, who cares what you say? But everything has chi. That's number one.

That's the first lines we all have to agree. Number two, as long as it has a chi, that's always has a consciousness. Now, as long as it has a consciousness, then it has a purpose.

Because the consciousness is behind every existence. When you exist, when you have a purpose, then you have a consciousness. The chi also contained inside and outside.

So what is this big picture for us? Chi, consciousness, and the purpose. Once you understand this, that's only one part of the consciousness. That's the second part in the consciousness, the same level is the wisdom.

The chi contain the wisdom. So when we say the chi contain the wisdom, what does that mean? That means it's their authentic purpose. That's the life source behind everything.

So that's why they're authentic. That's the wisdom. Because the chi and the consciousness to make these events, to make this object or subject exist for purpose.

No matter what you can see or you cannot see, they exist for purpose. Exist for purpose. The purpose is the most important.

The purpose is the resource. It's not a resource. Purpose is the, how to call it? It's to take action.

It's your purpose. It's to let you pull the triggers. Purpose is pulling the triggers.

The purpose is at the there. Then you have a consciousness. The consciousness is at the there for purpose.

Follow this concept. Follow this concept. Here has two things.

Two things, right? I want the people understand this concept will be much easier. So the chi, one is nature's chi, which is you cannot create it. You cannot manipulate it.

They exist. The other chi is a man-made chi, which is what? Like a Stonehenge, like a buildings, like a tables, like a house, like a cars. Every materialized has chi.

The body has chi. The body shape has chi. Look at the human body, right? You can see they are body shape change.

The chi will change. Because if you have a pain, what kind of body shape you have? You have a different kind of body shape. You will hold this, you know, you show the pain, right? If you walk this way, what's happening? Then you know, oh, that guy's back has issue, right? That's inflammation.

Chi, inflammation. Do they have a pain? They might. How do you know? Face, right? So therefore, all of this inflammation supposedly show on the body can show, can show.

They can show. So the doctors, and based on this body shape, outside the shape, to understand the level of the chi. Then for level of the chi, you should understand what's happening.

What's the purpose? Purpose, right? We say every existing has a purpose. So what is the purpose? What is the purpose to have this kind of pain? To have this kind of body shape, right? Then the last one we are going to talk about in the chi is all of this chi has to come from the source of the life. Right? The source of the life, which is the pain, say, come from the Dao.

Then it's difficult to understand this concept. Come from Dao, because Dao, Dao is everywhere. And then chi is everywhere.

That's what we say, right? We say everything has a chi. Then everything has Dao. Then everything has oneness.

Only human minds to make complicated, they make it become two, in and out. We discriminate what is good, what is bad. You are rich, you are poor, you are healthy, you are unhealthy.

You think about healthy and unhealthy, also it's a discriminate. It's not a real nature. But doesn't matter, it's chi, right? They all talk about the chi, but only different here is consciousness now.

So now go back to the, again, since we understand chi, not that we understand chi, just to say we, not to say we understand chi, I cannot use these words. We don't understand chi until you can truly experience the chi. What's called you can experience the chi? You only can experience the chi beyond your mind.

So that's why the Qigong practice becomes so important in the Chinese medicine, because they give you a direct experience to understand what is invisible levels. What is different between your life and death? Chi. The chi.

So therefore in the Tao or in the way we describe the human body, what is the human body different? Just have chi or not chi. Your life and death only different is chi and the rest is the same. You have chi, you are alive.

You don't have chi, it's done, you're gone. Chi make the difference. Now who's the chi? Now go back to the, again, who's the chi? The Taoist chi, nature's chi, universal chi.

So until here, what is it you guys are thinking? Now, do you still thinking your body is you? Or you can change your mind now thinking, my body is not my body anymore because my body just physical, this shape, behind this physical shape is invisible. The universal chi, Taoist chi, nature's chi, they accumulate, contain inside my body to make this physical shape as a life. Why we need to say this? That's the fundamental concept.

That's the fundamental concept. With this concept, then we'll be very easier to go down, to follow this way, why we need to study five element consciousness framework, not the five element framework. Because we are interesting at the invisible level.

We are interesting at the invisible level. We are not just interesting at the visible level, but we do need this visible level to make what? To help us. This visible level is helping, it's the bridge, it's a vehicle, to allow us through the visible elements, through the life experience, can go beyond this visible materialize the elements, to enter non-materialize the chi, the consciousness.

To understand every element, water elements, metal elements, earth elements, fire elements, before they exist in this earth, that's consciousness already there. The consciousness that has to be exist, then they will manifest at the visible level. The invisible level, what we see is so now, when we see fire, we see the real fire.

That's the truth, that's the real fire, right? That's because that's called the common public domain. You go to the whole world, any country, you won't say fire, it's water. You go to fire department, no one say you go to the water department, right? Can you imagine go to the wrong departments, right? Fire agent would be the water agent.

That'll be the huge difference, right? Because totally different, that's not your business. Get out. Okay, come on, get out of here.

Now here's the one thing, right? So very important concept is in this five element consciousness, because in the five element consciousness, we say that each element not just have materialize, has chi, but also has non-materialize consciousness. The purpose. So can you imagine one day, one day, so another one day, just now, right? We say, oh, I see the fire, but you can say, no, I see the Mars, right? So when you go down to the beach, you see, wow, the beautiful ocean.

Now you might say, oh, now I see the Mercury front of me. What is the difference? Because the planet, each planet is the element itself. They are outside the earth.

They still exist. Their power, their chi, their consciousness, directly, not indirectly, directly impact to the earth chi, impact to your daily life, our daily life, even though your mind, your feelings. You can say, oh, these couple of days, I don't know why I'm nervous.

I feel I have some kind of fear. How do you know this fear is not come from the Mercury? How do you know? You don't know because you never see. You don't make this connection because you don't see these connections of the energy of the consciousness.

Now here, I want to introduce a second concept in the Chinese medicine, which is so important. In the Chinese words, they call, then I use Chinese words, Tong, Qi, Xiang, Qiu. In the other words, I translate as the English, they say light attracts light, right? So therefore, we are all together based on what? Based on light.

Or in the other way, so when they say, they have one of the so good words, I think everybody under, they say the birds of feathers flock together. So if a bird of feathers can flock together, can you imagine the consciousness with the consciousness can connect together? In the other words, can you imagine your liver with the outside the tree, with the thousands of years ago, the yule tree, with the season of the spring, with the Jupiter, they are all connected. Consciousness connect to the consciousness.

Light attracts light. The both is the birds, or you say the consciousness, consciousness. Or you can say the Qi.

In the other words, we say that in my Qi can connect to the tree's Qi, or tree's Qi connect to my Qi. Outside the wind is my emotions. Can you hear the wind? My god, today is very windy this coast.

So that means my emotions is a flow. My liver is a dancing. What does that mean? That means all they connect is Qi.

Now I talk too much, and I'll end this part. I have to go back to the consciousness. So go back to the consciousness again.

Consciousness and the wisdom. The consciousness and the wisdom, and also universe, they are at different levels of the Qi. Because they are at the different levels of the Qi, then therefore, how to call it? They are not easier to connect, we'll put it.

They are not easy to connect. Most difficult part is the real Qi, the real Qi. So why I put this new vocabulary here to the real Qi? There are many different type of the Qi.

The one type of the Qi is all we can feel the outside. For example, let us to do something called magic. It's not a magic.

So everyone have a hand, two hands. Put your hand together. We all practice together.

So right now to do this, do slowly. Did you feel something? No, at the beginning doesn't feel anything. Now you put the effort, right? Slowly pull out, and slowly squeeze in, and slowly pulling out, and slowly squeezing in.

And don't let them touch each other. Just leave a little bit of that and feel that. You might feel that some people can feel immediately, oh, between here look like something now.

Yeah, you accumulate Qi. For some master, we say, see, I create the Qi. I transfer the Qi to you guys.

No, everybody has this kind of Qi. You just never see. See, the master says, the doubt is inside with us.

We just never see. But this kind of Qi, now listen to me carefully. This kind of Qi, and the Qi we are trying to describe totally different level, totally different.

This kind of Qi, everybody has. So you do a couple of times, you got it. So everybody can do this.

Yes, I can eat this. Yeah, your hand has a Qi. If you don't have a Qi, what's happening? Think about it.

If you don't have Qi, then what? You are dead, you are dying. So because you have Qi, so you walk on the sunscreen, they can see you red. Can you imagine if you don't have Qi? You're dead, right? Qi.

But when we talk about this kind of Qi, not in this level's Qi, it's not in there. The Qi has to be inside your meridians, which is a real consciousness Qi, because they exist for purpose. So that's why, that's why many times in Chinese medicine, they say you are not who you are.

What does that mean? That means the entire pattern, five elements pattern, five organs pattern, five planet pattern, your body is based on the outside pattern of the Qi, of the consciousness. Control, remote control, your body. My Lord, who am I? I don't know who are you.

I don't know who am I too. It's confused, right? So I know, I hope this class, at the end, I don't confuse you guys, all right? Don't say you don't know who you are. You should know, but you know one piece of who you are, but you haven't seen the potential of who you are.

Why? Because you haven't experienced the Qi. You haven't really discovered the consciousness. So the homework, I would like each one of you, do the homework.

Do the homework, you have to use your words, not my words, to try to describe what is the difference between consciousness and the Qi. Then you have to take any kind of object or subject, try to see, oh, now I can see this event has Qi, or this event has consciousness. Right? Look at this.

Look at famous artist, or not artist, the musician, right? When they do the, what, thousand, 10,000s of people, do they create Qi? Yes, they do have Qi. The cancer itself has Qi. They create, they exist, they have consciousness, then they have Qi.

But this kind of Qi also is the Qi, but not in the life source, the Qi. This Qi comes and goes, just like wings. Never will be exist forever.

They cannot be forever, but the purpose will be forever. Unlike your Maria, unlike your life, life is forever. Not this life forever, because the life of the Qi is forever.

So that's why, no matter Taoist or Buddhists, they always say you never die. You just change it to the body to body. Just move out the house to house.

Right? Why? Because Qi, because the consciousness. So do the homework. Take any kind of event.

If you are serious enough, even take your conditions. Why you have a hyperpressure? Qi, right? It's Qi. Why your shoulder pain, not a hip pain? Qi, body power.

Every body power has its own consciousness, has its own Qi, then has its own purpose. The Qi, consciousness and the purpose. You guys must constantly repeat this, try to truly understand.

Then later, you wouldn't be so, how to call this, so annoyed or so like an innocent type of the way, say, oh, I have a problem. No, you don't have a problem. There's something else out there to make you weakening or to make you see what's happening, right? Why the human born with the joints, the shoulders? Why this shoulder? You have three parts, three major joints here, and then you have three major joints, right? Shoulder, elbow and the wrist, hip, knees and ankle, right? Because different joints has a different purpose, right? Joint definitely has a purpose.

They are not the same. And therefore, different joints has a different consciousness. And different consciousness has a different purpose.

And do you use your purpose wisely? I wish each one of you well. You need to find these answers. Do you use the gift? They're all called the gift.

The gift from the universe or gift from the Tao wisely. That should be very good challenge of the homework. Homework.

So therefore, this homework will help you for today's class and the last class when we talk about the Tao and then make a connection. Make this connection, allow yourself to see. Number three, the homework.

Take five elements because that's the class that we're gonna go down this element. Just use the materialized element. Can you see the tree? Right, go out to look at the tree.

And now it's good because some tree, the leaf hasn't come out yet. They have a branch, different kind of branch. Look at the branch.

It's like a shape. Look at the building. Why some building so ugly, some building so beautiful? Consciousness, cheer.

Now, can you imagine the ugly building and who living inside it and what kind of feelings? Consciousness will impact you at invisible level, right? I would say that some chi is visible level, some kind of chi at invisible level. The consciousness chi at invisible level, but they will show at the visible level. So the course, this course, one of the goal is lead us to see beyond the materialized world, beyond the conditions.

Then therefore, we can go to deep. We can go beyond the condition, beyond the sentence, beyond the materialized worlds to find the truth. That is the goal for this class.

That each one of us, at least can gain some levels of the wisdom if we can discover it. I think it should be enough. Otherwise, it will be too much.

Maybe we can open for questions. Great, thank you. If you have a question, please raise your hand and we prefer you to be on video so Master Liu can have a dialogue with you directly.

Also, try and synchronize your question so that it's short and concise and we don't take up a lot of time with personal stories. All right, hi, Heather. Hi there, good morning.

Thank you. At one point, Master Liu, you said the soul of the life and I didn't hear sort of the connection to the rest of that. So maybe if you could just take a moment and was there something you wanted to say about the soul of the life? Wow, I can't write back fast enough and when and where, how, I don't know.

I say, okay, how do I say this? I, give me a little bit of hints. When I say that these words, I mean. When you were speaking? You were referencing, chi gives the body shape, gives the body life.

Yes, and you were saying, what is the purpose of the pain that you might understand through observing the body shape? And then you said the soul of the life. Source of life. Oh, maybe source, I heard soul.

Yeah, I think, no, no, no. If I connect to this part of the body, then it's source of the life, it's not a soul. The soul of the life, that is much bigger.

The soul, each one's soul has own chi. That's more unique. That's chi and that's, it's not just as a chi, but they also, the soul itself has a consciousness, right? Otherwise, you never exist.

You exist in this life has a purpose. So that's why I go back to the same thing. What is the purpose of our life in this life, right? It's a purpose, exist because of chi, right? So we have to make this as a story, as the personal story.

Otherwise, today's class is just information. Right, just like allow you to say, oh, I know somehow to describe what is consciousness, what is chi. You have to apply to your life, to our life, right? Our life is a chi.

So you have your own chi. You have your own, what I call the consciousness. You have your own essence.

No matter what, never can mix with others. So unique, even though you can, I'll give you something, right? You know, suppose you sit in one chair, sit there and then you get up and then you walk away. And somebody, you know, like go to concert and somebody say, oh, there's empty seat.

I'm gonna sit there. You come back and say, hey, I sit there before. No, how can you prove it? My consciousness is still there.

It is true. Then some master, some master came through this, can look at the chair and knows what kind of chi who sit there before. Then through this chi or that chi, then came from that chi and look at that, and you two match.

They know exactly you sit there before. Scary, right? Thank you. No, it's cool.

You're welcome. Thank you. Good morning, Marty.

Good morning. Master Liu, you've referenced many times that each joint, the major joint complexes, the shoulder, the elbow, the wrist, hip, knee and ankle all have a consciousness behind them. But I've never heard you expound on the specific consciousness of each joint.

Can you give us your take on that? That would take how many days? That's a week workshop because each one has its own purpose. Each one related to different, different, how to call it, different meridians, different energies. I give you one very simple, right? Carpal tunnel, right? So yeah, I mean, tennis elbow, how about that? That's so simple.

Yeah, tennis elbow. People say, yeah, you fix tennis elbow. I fix tennis elbow.

You know, tennis elbow. People say prairie tennis. No, you don't need a prairie tennis.

You still get a tennis elbow, right? What is the purpose? The purpose is always behind, always a consciousness, but always qi. The qi means which meridian's qi. Now go back to the concept of which meridian's qi is the primary in charge of these joints.

You got it? So elbow, the primary in charge is the lung, the metal element. The metal element is in charge. It's a primary qi connect to or in charge or reflection of your elbows, right? So then therefore, I mean, therefore, the entire, your consciousness, your emotions, your lungs, now put your lung, physical lung with your elbow have a directly connections.

Before, it's never connect. Lung is lung. You cannot go to tell your doctors, oh, my lung is my elbow.

They say, you're crazy. You're cuckoo. Something's wrong.

Go to see the therapist. No. You wouldn't say my lung or my elbow problem is a mass.

Or you say, oh, no, it's a fitness. You wouldn't say it's a fitness, right? Because the fitness tend to the different degree. You say, my elbow hurts.

How can they connect? They are connected, right? So therefore, this way, that way you say each joint, they are connected, which purpose is related to the which meridians, which is energy, their Qi in charge. So therefore, that Qi itself contain the consciousness, right? Then the consciousness has a purpose. So there will be, I don't know, this next class, the next class, we'll talk about the yin and yang and something else there.

When we talk about the meridians, that is the whole concept. In the invisible Qi network, right? Without understanding this network, that's you don't have a blueprint, right? It's not a Google map. It's not that you go to the map.

That's the blueprint of the life. Well, you've given us something more to study. More to think, right? More to understand, more to proud of yourself, right? So then therefore, we should more appreciate when they say, when the God, whatever you call the nature created you, they put a lot of effort, a lot of purpose to allow you exist.

Think of this. Not to say, oh, my parents. No, your parents is a part of the deal, not the whole purpose.

So that's why they say you are the child of the universe. They also definitely say you are the child of your parents too. Thank you.

You're welcome. Good morning, Amber. Good morning.

Good morning, Master Lim. So since you've opened up this program and I've started studying, I love to apply it to my work and to my clients to see myself differently and to see my clients differently. So one thing that I'm seeing in my clients already is a connection, a deeper connection between me and my clients.

For example, I got a new client yesterday. And we connected on different levels, like we've had the same conditions all the way down to we had the same birthday. And I'm just finding that through this program, I'm starting to see and unravel like the different connections of consciousness, like the different experiences are starting to come together and make sense.

Do you have any advice or like show us how to see ourselves and see our clients differently and more deeply? If you say you see they make sense, that means you haven't seen the whole thing. Okay. Is it even possible to see the whole thing? It's not possible to see the whole thing, but it's possible to see, to say, I know nothing.

Instead, I see something. Right, it's a lot easier to say. No, be careful the words what you try to use, right? The words what you use is the consciousness.

The words what you use is the level of the consciousness and the level of the understanding. So don't give it a quick answer. Don't try to real limit yourself to say, oh, now I see.

Yes, that just give you, that just begin me. That's just allow you step in to the feel of the universe. Okay.

Humble. Right, exactly. It's very exciting.

Thank you. Good morning, Rosalie. Good morning, Master Liu and fellow flock members.

I have a question regarding the word ascribed to the earth element, the emotional overtone. So my understanding is that the characteristics of each element are assigned to let us know the deep or kind of give us clues to the deep impact and information that the element itself has. And the emotional overtone assigned to the earth element is overthinking.

And to my way of thinking that, that word itself represents an imbalance that the other emotional overtones assigned to the different elements are more blending to their strength, their virtues. Whereas the word overthinking to me means almost an imbalance that it might, when I think of the quality of the earth element in terms of its emotional overtone, I think of a sense of contemplation, a sense of meditation, a sense of reflection, a sense of pondering, even a sense of inquiry. I mean, if we know that there's a point here called head tide, to me, that talks about overthinking.

So can you help me understand this a little better? Thank you. That's a very good question. That means that you're a real study, that you've got to be a good student for the effort.

I'm a nerd. That's right. So the number one, the words where they use this is based on in the human body.

It's not based on the earth, earth's thinking. Earth element thinking. Let me, do I make sense now? Ah, partially.

The overthinking, number one, is a translation wrong. It's not translation wrong. It's a translation.

The English from Chinese to translate it to English. The English has the kind of words, but not that kind of words. See, how do I put it this way, right? So ideas, how do I, let me figure out the nice way.

The Chinese word is called the Si. The Si doesn't mean it's overthinking. The Si means that you are constantly, you are constantly, you are trying to connect, try to figure out how the connections, you are trying to reconnect.

You see, all depend on the situation, how to use these words, right? How to use these words. So when the, when the category into what you read, the overthinking is means that this type of the emotions can cause your digestive, stomach function disorder. Doesn't mean it's the stomach emotions.

Now make sense now? Doesn't mean it's the stomach emotions. Only say these emotions can cause the stomach function disorder. It's negative side.

It is, but not the positive side. The positive side of the earth is not that emotions. Positive side of the earth is what? Creativity.

Everything can grow. It's a mother, right? It's the mother nature. So everything can grow into this.

Everything's stabilized. See, no matter if mountains, mountain can be crashed, water can become, my heart never move. I'm stable.

See, that is the earth consciousness. No matter how many times earth crash, earth shake, does earth change? Earth never change. Human change.

Mind change, right? So if we can connect to the positive side and we stabilize inner peace, that's the positive side. The other side, it is absolutely you are right. It's negative side tell you, if you are overthinking again and again, your digestive system will function disorder.

Your whole entire stomach and the spleen will cause the function disorder. Be aware your negative emotions. Do I make myself clear? Thank you.

Yes. Thank you. That's great.

When you look at the chart, Master Liu, all of the emotions that are listed, except for the heart, sound to be limiting and negative. So it just shows us. It's another negative.

It's because it's in the medicine, in the Chinese medicine, because they want to fix the issues. So their job is to try to fix the issue. That's the level one.

You coming in, you associate what is the bad. Then level two is teaching you what is the good. And the level three is going to teach you there are no good and there are no bad.

Right? That's what we're learning. First level tell you that's bad. Now they tell you that's good.

Now they tell you there's no good, there's no bad. Just it is. So we are at the level one.

What is the bad? Yeah, we've been trained like that for a lifetime. So thanks for helping us see another side. Hi, Nancy.

Hi, thank you so much. So I have a related question, which is about how does this relate to the time of the day? Because like many people, I think, I get up around the same time to go to the bathroom. And so then I think, okay, well, this organ's in charge then.

So can you help me? I know this is very brain oriented thinking, but. It's a purpose, right? That's your qi, right? No, my new qi is I'm a student. That's right.

Yeah, it's a different kind of, yeah, different times the qi, different organs' qi, and the different consciousness of this organ purpose then create a different event of the bodies. So if we follow this kind of thought, so first we have to say, okay, this time you have a five element chart over there. This time related to which organ.

So then therefore, in this organ, they need the qi, organ's qi, organ's consciousness. If the organ's qi is not enough or qi is off the balance, then the consciousness will off the balance, then the condition will exist. So the condition exist is for purpose.

The condition exist is not to try to kill you. Condition exist is try to warning you there are something else you better pay attention, try to fix. Otherwise, something going to happens later.

So it's not related to the time, there's a history of action, but the warning is coming at that time. Yeah. Yeah? Yeah.

There's always a time space. That's a later we're going to talk about it. There's always a time space.

So then the only difference later when we started is we have to go beyond the time and space. So if we can go beyond the time and space and then that's the quantum. So that's why owning consciousness is beyond the time and space, right? If you had the physical materialized things, there's always in the time, in the space, the consciousness, the nature of the consciousness, the nature of the chi is beyond the time and space, which is that they are fast, they're fast.

They run faster, they flow faster than the speed of the light. So that's why your consciousness is much faster than the speed of the light. So then therefore you have to thinking the speed of the light is not the most fast things.

There's something else at the there. You have a tool, you have a chi, you have a consciousness. Can you use these two gifts wisely? It's a gift.

Thank you, Nancy. Great questions. You know, I just want to take a moment here to say that sometime during this week, you'll be getting an email from us giving you access to the community forum so that discussions such as this can continue throughout the week.

So the more you listen to the recordings, even if you think, oh, I already listened to phase one, go back and re-listen based on what you're hearing today. And this audio recording will also be uploaded so that you can re-listen, but then go on to the community forum and let's have some dialogue. The purpose of this is to help us expand our understanding and see we're all at different levels, but the goal is to be able to get to whatever the purpose is.

All right, so we have our team from the Soho. Hi, I don't know your names. Hello, my name is Sergio Hazard and she's my wife, Claudia Janes.

We are from Santiago, Chile. Nice to have you. Hello, dear Master Liu.

How are you? Fine, fine, thank you. Our question is related to, we are from Santiago, Chile, South America. In traditional Chinese medicine, in the charts, in the time in organic chart, there are difference between people living in South and North.

What is the difference in the kind of Qi or the time in the organic chart change if we are in South America and you are in North America, there are a kind of Qi difference or not? That's a very good question. Okay, now go back to the one thing, all right? The time, generally speaking, that time is illusion. It's illusion.

But the time also meaning something, it's meaning we are in the earth, also meaning. If in the earth, so that's a meaning is that they discovered this meridians of the time is a meaning they discovered the main in the central China that's where they see the original start from there and find out that they're inside the body meridians and the run based on this time. Ideals is every two hours, they have to move.

But this time is not just based on the earth, it's the center. If earth is the center, doesn't matter where are you, right? Do I make sense? Earth is the center. So the South American, North, South, it's not based on the earth is the center, it's based on how do we divide this based on that.

If earth is the center, real doesn't matter, as long as you are in the earth, that's the time. So the most important things, this time is based on the meridians and communicate with the outside body, with the natures. Doesn't matter in the earth, where are you? You still connect to the Jupiter, you still connect to the Mars, because it's a consciousness, because it is the chi.

And therefore, this kind of time matters or doesn't matter. Your chi much faster than this level, but give you a very small concept to understand. Yes, they also have this kind in a small category, in a small scale, can do this way.

Okay, thank you very much, dear master. You're welcome. And our last question, good morning, Marsha.

Thank you so much. Following up on the previous question, my question is about the seasons. So when it's the month of the rat say, December in the Northern Hemisphere, it's summer in the Southern Hemisphere.

So wouldn't that be a difference between Northern and Southern Hemisphere? It's the summer in the North, it's we make the decision, right? It is based on the earth with the sun, the angle and the time earth turning, right? So if that's based on the earth, based on the earth around the sun to turn, so then pattern is different, speed is different. The season is different. But the essence is the same, which is a consciousness is the same.

Can you catch the consciousness, not based on the materialized, this kind of superficial levels? That's we wanna go beyond. Don't be stuck in this kind of materialized, is non-materialized the things, consciousness. I give you all one of the most beautiful history, you know, story, that how this ancient master truly understand the consciousness of the season, the consciousness of the nature, the power, right? Exactly.

So there is the one woman at the labor time. So many days, the child doesn't come up. So many masters and the doctors tried this herb, or tried to do this, and she constantly every day, you know, during the baby just still doesn't come up.

Now that day, the one day, it's four equinox that day. Exactly four equinox. The one of the famous master, and the past of these villages.

May everybody say, master, would you please help this lady? You say, you know, the baby, we all try. Why the baby doesn't come up? Then master look at their formula. They say, there's nothing wrong.

The only missing one ingredient, the key ingredients, is a conscious essence. Chinese call it xin, the consciousness of the season. Because of that day, it's the four equinox.

He just walk outside of the house. That's one of the leaves, just fall, fell down. He just pick up these leaves.

He said, just add this one, the baby will come smoothly. So therefore, that leaves contain essence of the four equinox. You understand? That day, four equinox.

The leaves knows it's a time to go. May the leaves meet the requirement of the natural law, or contain the consciousness of the natural law. I have to go.

Then the master understand or understood this concept and pick up and adding in. So master's consciousness with the nature's consciousness and together, since the baby is nature's baby, see? So then baby, nature's baby immediately received the mother earth to call it is a time to go. So beautiful.

When the first time I heard this story from my master, he said, when you want to study Chinese earth, this kind of story, this called the essence of the consciousness, you must understand. So how can that pieces of leaves adding in and then nothing else change? Because it's a consciousness. But because it's a consciousness, it's a nature's consciousness, it's a master's consciousness also.

Because a master's consciousness make this nature's consciousness become humanized, can be used. Understand? Otherwise, four equinox, we all living in this earth. We don't have to do anything.

We can balance, right? We can fix all the past and all the future. Our life can be restart. Doesn't do that way.

Right? Can you imagine? It doesn't do that way. So every year we have twice. You know, earth can do that.

Spring equinox and the four equinox, earth can shape the inner balance. If we can connect, we'll be done. But we don't.

See, we need a specific, specific the way, can how to use nature's consciousness, which is the, how to say, is the organic, is called organic information. Not the main information. It's organic information.

But how to processing by just, and then use the organic information, nature's information, is between each one of us. Our level, our consciousness level, our chi level, our body balance level. Otherwise, information, just information.

Thank you very much. Right? I hope that this information, that's why today I give you guys information, not just a state in the information. I hope this information can help you guys have a major breakthrough, can understand more, right? So that this concept is the most important the fundamental concept in the Chinese medicine.

All right? Also, you can say is the most important concept in any kind of natural healing concept, because you must understand chi, and you must understand consciousness. In the other words, you must understand invisible exist. Invisible make the visible changes.

The source always at invisible level. That's enough. Thank you very much.

See you next class.