Well, this is now our 14th call, and it's the last call in the series. But I was thinking back on to last fall, when you first started to formulate the course, and you started to shoot all the videos. And for you guys, one of the questions that Master Liu challenged myself, Cheryl, Jenny, and some of the other folks involved was, you should listen and then ask yourself, why do you need this course? Not how do you use this course, not yet, but why do you need this course? So that's something you should, now that you've taken the entire course in retrospect, see, what is the importance for you? Why did you take this course? Why do you still need this course? But then it brings up a question for me, Master Liu. 

You created this course, and then you added all these phone calls on, right, the discussions, 14 of them, where originally there were going to be nine. So through your own process of digesting and sharing these materials, what did you discover? I cannot tell you. If I'm going to tell you, I have to tell myself.

No, seriously, what did you discover? Did it change you? Yes, it changed me more. So making me a different dream, making me see things differently, making me treatment for how to treatment is a different thing, right? So making me recognize why, you know, my master said to me, this is open-ended, right? Once you get in, you have to constantly change the gear. You have to constantly play this, play to the rational mind and the intuitive mind. 

So this too has to be constantly transformation from the rational mind to the intuitive mind. Then from the intuitive mind, use the rational mind again to recognize, how to call it, to digest, to separate the junk. Another junk is levels. 

You have to continuously levels, levels, levels, and then become more concentrated, more concentrated, more concentrated, right? So I think in the discourse also, I saw that this way, while I'm teaching this course, each class, each class, when I see this, when I say this, I feel I understand more, right? I understand energy more. I understand why the consciousness becomes so important, why this invisible becomes so important, why this framework is important. We say that at the beginning for this course is, you know, this course is not philosophy course. 

That's at the beginning. I already, you know, defined it. What is the purpose? This course is trying to give you, you know, what I call the practical way. 

It's not the philosophical way. It's a practical way that you will see this five-element consciousness framework can be used, right? Can be used in everyday life. So that's the whole concept. 

But also, I say that at the beginning, because the, because it's knowledge, it's information, it's knowledge, right? It's always information and the knowledge and the system, right? That's always become that kind of way. Then I, I share the concept is what is the, our angle, right? Angle, which angle we are getting in this kind, this five-element framework. You, as today, many people talk about five-element, which angle we are talking about, which angle, you know, which angle I think, it's not, I think that's what I learned, you know, there are many different ways of the five-element framework, just which angle or we call the, which elements as you will enter game, right? Thinking this way of today is the last day, right? It's a 14, almost like a 14 days or 14 class. 

How many months now? I forget how many months we are together? About three and a half. Three and a half a month. It's a tourist, right? Think about it. 

It's a tourist. I am a tourist guy. It has a little bit of flag. 

It's a five-element flag. So you guys just follow me. We are have a tourist. 

I lead you to the five-element universe, right? So we go to the element by element. So name also, I share what is the secret of this element. What do you have to see? What do you have to see? So by what? By the tourist guide, but I am the tourist guide for what I learned. 

So I try to share, right? Why I try to share this? Because I think, how to call them? In the consciousness level, the true has no copyright. It's a public domain, right? If I can share to you guys and maybe you won't get immediately, but down the road, maybe somewhere, someone, somewhere, somehow, someday, and the seed will germinate, right? It's the seed. So the seed, I spit it out. 

So into you guys, the mind or soul, one day we coming out. So who, whatever can coming out, God bless you, right? Let me say, that's it. So tourist guide, I'm finished. 

I say, yes, that's it. We done. So I think that's the first round, right? So each one of you is a tourist, or I always say it's a terrorist, right? You're a tourist or you're a terrorist? You're a tourist, right? So what's the tourist? I tell you, see that? You see that. 

But can you real digest, right? So we all go through that. We go through the ones. It's a mind, still is a mind. 

Maybe it's yours. Maybe someone already a lot of notes and someone maybe never, because you are tourist. You just say, look at left side, it's a big buildings. 

I say, look at the elements, look at the relationship, the mother child. Oh, you still hate your mother. So therefore, mother child, the relationship is not good for you.

You inside the still brain. Yes. My mother abused me. 

My mother abandoned me. So you still have that kind of anger that the mother child relationship wouldn't touch you deeply, right? And then if I say, okay, that's called a control. Yes. 

You hate the control because what your ex or your, your somehow someone, your boss, you have a bad experience of the control. You don't like it, right? Your husband, your boyfriend, your wife, that's always control. You don't want to control. 

Then we say, it's not a control relationship. It's a cooperation. It's a support. 

And then maybe you, your entire life to try to find that and someone can understand you. Someone waiting to support you. You haven't find yet. 

So therefore that relationship for you still is affording. I'm telling you, it's a very interesting. It's the vocabulary.

It's the way I explained name until one day you have to continue, right? You have to continue. So you say, you know, this is three and a half months or two, let's finish. That's the last day and the good luck. 

We all come back perfectly. Each one, just like a toy. We don't left someone behind, right? And the most likely all of you, we get the, that we all counted the one. 

Oh, we still have a, how many people you still, and no one ended to mental hospital yet. Right? So at least that's a pretty good. So that means it hasn't deeply impact to you yet. 

Right? Then we tell you, okay. I tell you, I try to share. I tell you, this is a framework. 

It's a how do we use it? It's a framework, right? How do we, even we, even I give you your example, right? Started from the basic, the number one is a sleep. Why sleep, right? Why I'm not talking about the elimination as you talk about the sleep, right? Why so important? So does anyone will see these things? Why we use this? That's always has a reason behind it, right? Does anyone figure out why we talk about the sleep instead of talk about the others? Right? And then the second one, when we talk about what? You have to have to think about the lower back pain, right? Right. Lower back. 

So the area, what upper body, lower body is relationship, right? That's always the pain. Life is a pain, visible, invisible, male or female. There's always something called operation. 

How do we see that? How do we use the information? Then let's go back to the beginning of this course. We say the course has a purpose of the information, right? It's information. So you guys end this course or end these tours.

Many people catch that when they go to the tours, there's a lot of picture, right? A lot of data, a lot of data. That is almost like in the life, right? Think about in the life, in the health life, what do we focus on? In the mind, you always want the information, right? Mind, you want information, you want the data. And some people might be smart and say, oh, I don't want the information, I want the knowledge. 

But for the body, everybody want what? They want the nutrition, right? The nutrition is equal to what? Data. Information. Just think of this way, you might be able to understand. 

But today, most of the time, people share what? Nutrition. What is nutrition? What is nutrition? Your body need, right? Your body need. Without this nutrition, something's not right. 

So in order to get what? We are constantly, we want good nutrition. You get the nutrition. Meanwhile, when you're nutrition deficient, what's nutrition deficient? What are you going to do? You add the nutrition. 

But if your system is not right, if your organ doesn't work, what are you going to do with the nutrition? What's the nutrition going to do? Do nothing. In and out. It's exactly like it. 

What are you going to do for information? Yes, I have five elements. I know, yeah, the, you know, the fingers, eyes related to the livers, right? The seasons, you know, that's all information. That's called information. 

That's called the data. Now, the next level, what you need to do? You are not just need nutrition. You need to know how to nourish, right? The nourishment is not the nutrition. 

It's how to use the nutrition. Wisely, allow your body can absorb it, can digest it, can transform, right? That's the next level. Nourishment. 

That's at the body. Everybody will understand, oh, you need the nourishment. So the nourishment is not the nutrition anymore. 

It's the system. What kind of system? Now it's the same thing. Information is information. 

Element is element. That's just information, right? You have joints. Yes, I have a joint here, I have eyes, I have brains. 

That's all information. Which system? Which system will give you which angle, right? They give you an angle to see or give you a what? Give you a space or give you a time. Think of what I said, right? Remember we say space at the time. 

How do we see situation? It depends on what kind of system you use. Most of the system is to see through the reality, through the space. And another mini system will teach you how can you see through the reality from the time.

I just try to give you guys reviews, right? I constantly re-reinforce to you guys to say, hey, the time is more important than the space. Then where, when you can manipulate the time, you can enjoy your time. If you want to travel the world or particularly if you want to travel the invisible world to experience the consciousness. 

Sleep, right? The space doesn't change. You still lie down in the bed. That space is still there. 

But the time, your mind, your spirit came out of the body, right? The sleeping become one of the activity allow you have a chance to experience the time can be totally different thing. Entire Chinese medicine, the beauty of the Chinese medicine and the beauty of the five element consciousness is consciousness is the time. It's not element. 

Element is space. The consciousness of the element is the time. Does anyone recognize this now? Does anyone through this tour, through this course, as of today, the basic, in my opinion, one of the basic things you must change is when one day your doctor tell you, you have a high blood pressure, you won't be too scared. 

You won't be popped the pill immediately, right? At least you should understand why chasing the pill, why I'm trying to deal the effect instead of deal the cost, right? That's the must. You must truly understand this concept, right? You must be truly understand when the one thing happens that they are not just by itself. It's interrelationship. 

If this course still doesn't hit you at that angle, you better re-educate yourself or reset yourself. What's wrong with me? I'm sorry. I have to say that's right. 

What's wrong? Oh, what's wrong with me? I'm wrong because I haven't turned your mind yet, right? I try so hard. So anyone hasn't changed yet, please raise the hand. Or you can email to us. 

I want the money back. Too bad. There's no refund. 

That's it. You're done. That's the last course, right? There's no refund. 

So you got it. So you better continue. So we go back to the knowledge again, right? So the course is to tell you knowledge, right? You have the information, then you need the knowledge. 

The knowledge, and then you need the system. Different system will allow you through the different angle. Once through the angle, once through the time, through the different ways to understand, right? I shared my system, which is my angle, what I learned. 

So we say that our angle is through the what element, the what gate. If five elements, we say we through the what gate. Why we through the what gate? We are not through the fire gate.

We are not through the water gate. We have a plenty many reasons. So you guys better understand what's the reason? Why I doing this, right? Why I doing this? What's the happening, right? So because we are using this most time, most people try to use this five element consciousness framework to deal the health. 

Not many people try to deal the life yet. But however, this framework can help you not just deal the health, but also can help you recognize your health issues is caused by your life issues. That's the root cause.

And your life issues is caused by your consciousness levels. It's layer after layer, layer after layer. So we lead you, I try to lead you guys to see that framework itself. 

It's so simple, buried inside with us. Each one of us carry this system, five element consciousness system in our five major organs. But that's materialized.

But the non-materialized, the nature, right? Which is environment surround us is totally different. It's totally different. Then our solar system will be more different than the entire universe will be more different. 

I give you an example. So let me see. I draw the one as a nicer picture.

Where are they? Oh, here. That's interesting. Does anyone can see that? That's pretty good, right? So big circle is a body. 

That's what we are all focused as today, right? Does anyone doesn't? Yeah. That's a big swan, your body. The inner body has the second circles. 

It's your mind. It's your thought. It's your feelings. 

Then the smaller circle is your spirit. So what do you mean? Most of us, that's the today's situation. You focus on the big body.

You can recognize or you will not recognize. So if you recognize, you might go to see the therapist. You might understand your emotions, your mind, your feelings, but they are inside the body. 

But you'll never see outside. And forget about the spirit. Spirit just be buried so deeply in the third circle and it's hiding there. 

And once blue moon may be coming up. But through this study, what do we try to discover? We have to discover completely differently. So therefore, we have to discover the second. 

We have to discover spirit is the biggest circle. It's outside of you. And the mind, emotions is the second one. 

Your body, just the center. Your body is surrounded by your emotions. And your emotions is surrounded by outside spirit. 

Which means the spirit is much bigger. That's what the study is going to do. Now, most interesting things. 

If that's possible, I stole the question for you guys. You don't need the answer to me. So you just for the future, one of the blue moons. 

I hope that will happen. That will happen. Will be the last picture is you will have this balance. 

Left side and the right side. You from the body, then you understand the body is a spirit. Your mind still is the mind. 

But inside the body is a spirit and a spirit. Then you are the spirit. The both is a flip and become oneness. 

That's my goal. That's what I learned from my master. That's a wish. 

I haven't get to that point yet, right? I wish you guys can get it before me. That would be great. Then I can close my eyes and then I can, you know, tell all the masters. 

Yes, I passed this information. I think I'm more than information. I'm not just, I also give you guys, what do I give it to? I give you guys the knowledge. 

I'm not just giving you guys the information. I also give you guys the knowledge. I give you guys the system.

Through the system, you might be able to discover, right? At least through this system, I discover something more. So what is the system? What is the one of the most important in order to discover your body? It's not just your body. Your body is the mirror of the spirit.

What is Qi, right? The Qi. The Qi is the miracle. The miracle or Qi is the mirror or Qi is the bridge. 

So without the Qi, all of this talking, all of this information or knowledge still is rational mind. I will say this, without the Qi, that still is the rational mind, the knowledge. It's not the intuitive mind, the knowledge. 

So therefore they only can stay in the knowledge level. They never can manifest into the wisdom level. You see the difference? I hope that I passed this secret. 

It's how to transform the knowledge become wisdom. The knowledge can pass by book, by language, by taking it, but the wisdom cannot. So I cannot give you guys the wisdom, but I can tell you how to define, how to discover your wisdom buried inside of this five element consciousness framework. 

So therefore what you need to do is what? The last step is called the code vision, right? So the first step you guys is gathering the nutrition. That's what you need. You need to eat. 

Eat for the body, eat for the mind, eat for your desire, right? Eat for your eyes. And you know, think about it. You're working in the cafe. 

Wow. You all eat by eyes first, right? That's called information. Nutrition.

Then you have to go through the nutrition, become nourishment. Then through the nourishment, you have to discover how to cultivate yourself. The code vision becomes so important. 

It's a self-discovery. Otherwise, you're always the tourist. You only become tourist guide. 

You see the tourist guide? You're walking in fastening belt. That's it. Buy the souvenir and take a picture. 

You cannot be the tourist. If you want to discover the truth, you have to be the explorers. Discover something by yourself, not for me, right? Then your code vision is important, which is your body, mind, spirit. 

You have to truly experience through the qi. Without the qi, without the real qi, I'm not saying the qi, everybody says, oh yeah, yesterday so many people practiced qi. Oh, I practiced qi, even they practiced for 20 years. 

Do they really know qi? No. They still don't feel it, right? Without the truly feel the qi, true. Without the truly feel the qi, then you never will truly understand and the consciousness exist. 

Then the consciousness of the five elements is just the words. It has no real impact to you. You will never truly understand our body, just the shadow of the universe. 

I think I covered a lot of stuff for you guys. That's the always the name. That's as the Zhuangzi always say, called Huangzi Wuduang, that's Chinese. 

In the other words, English say that every ending is the new beginning. It's the circle. It's like the no beginning, there's no end. 

There's always a connect. So today is the last class, but today is the new beginning of each one of us. New challenge, new discovery of the new life.

That's it. I think I discovered a lot. I think I give you guys a lot, which is that is the truth.

I give you guys a lot. So therefore, I really wish you guys came at least the way what I discovered, what I studied for barely for more than 25 years. I experienced, used this for 35 years. 

You guys can get it right now. Now you can stay there. And for now, you go up, you save 25 years. 

Without studying Chinese, how good is it? Without talking to the master, much easier, right? All right. Do we want to open for questions? Yeah, we can open for questions. I know some people might have a lot of questions. 

Some people know questions. Some people discover the enlightenment. Please raise your hand if you have questions, but while we're waiting for the questions to come in, I do have a question. 

We go through life, 40, 50, 60, 70 years, whatever it is, and we build up our own beliefs, and we have what we think are our discoveries, right? And then we study some more, and you say, continue with this information, this knowledge. You have to self-cultivate. Is there any kind of shortcut to dropping the stubborn mind that keeps you on your same path? Because no matter what you hear, eventually, some of it stays in and some of it drops away, unless you are very special, right? You have every knowledge, which is to say that it's knowledge or information. 

Information is a data. Most likely, it's useless, right? Just like a phone. But if the knowledge you don't apply into your life, it's useless. 

It's like a car, right? It's like a car. So if it's almost like information, it's like five gallons of gas. What are you going to do? You're scared if you don't have a car, right? You cannot drive the long motor on the highway. 

You cannot, right? Just add your backyard, it might be okay, right? However, if you say, I want to use this five-gallon, ten-gallon gas, you need a car, and the car must be a drivable car, right? So the concept of why I say this is you need to use this to experience, to try it in your life, to impact your own life, right? So that is important. You use what you learned and try to start your own healing journey. So someone is a practitioner, can you use what you learned, how to see the illness and the disease differently, how to see your patient differently, how to allow yourself to change, right? That's always a constant in and out, constant change. 

Rational mind, intuitive mind, rational mind, intuitive mind. You have to continuously use this. Then you have to also, you have to or you must go beyond, which is do not stuck in the rational mind, which is you can see many people so good for BS. 

They can talk, but they cannot treat the patient. They cannot treat it. They cannot use.

Because this concept only exists in the classical Chinese medicine. Why I say that today's Chinese medicine doesn't use these kind of things anymore. They talk about that. 

They don't use because they don't study this. In the class, in the college, only a few class, finished. Each class is 45 minutes. 

How many class in the five element class here acupuncture school, you should ask it. How many class they talk about the five elements? Do they go to that detail? Do they use this kind of way constantly thinking? No, they talk about it. They don't use. 

So you have to continuously use because it's not yours, but it's yours. I still say that this is a very difficult concept. It's yours.

You don't recognize it's yours. And then therefore you cannot use. You cannot use. 

So here it's difficult, you know, for today. So that's why we have to understand two of the major things that we haven't truly getting deep enough in this course. And the one is the qi, right? One is the qi. 

The second one is the meridians, right? The second one is the meridians. I think in yang concept, I give a little bit, but not a real deeply and a little bit over there. So can be enough to under, to play this, but not deep enough, right? So a couple of fundamental things we're still missing, but still okay. 

At least we can allow you to start for human journey. You cannot wait. You have to start, right? You have to start to try to use the experience and see the result. 

They must show your result. If it doesn't show your result, that means you haven't followed the natural law. You changed it. 

You changed it by your own egos, by your own creations. Okay. Thank you. 

Natalie, go ahead. Good evening, everyone. Hi, Master Liu. 

Thank you so much for this. It's really lovely, and it means a lot to me. I'm sure to every single person here. 

I have a question about the body, mind, spirit drawing that you showed us, and I'm loving your book, by the way. It's so good. And I read, I just read about that you talked about, and I think it's fitting because we're going into the heart season, that the heart, you know, there's many components of the spirit. 

Each of the five element has one. Well, each of the major organs have one, each of the five major organs. But you said that the heart can hold the materialization of the spirit.

So I wanted to ask, how do you relate that to the drawing that you gave us? When you say spirit, is this just all of the elements of the spirit put together? Are you talking about the one within the heart? It's all the spirit. Okay. The heart is, the heart, you can, you can think of the heart is the leader, but the different spirit has a different capabilities.

Can you say, sorry, hold on. No, I mute myself. Could you say that one more time? I heard you, but I want to hear you again. 

Sorry. You have to think in this way, the spirit, right? When we talk about the spirit, that's a two kind way people often commingle, I use the word, right? They're mixed together. So what is the spirit? So one spirit is the own identity, the spirit. 

That's one kind of spirit, right? That spirit never changed. Who you are never changed. That's the one kind of spirit, right? So most likely, and most people never discovered it. 

So that's why they say the ancient masters always say, unless you discover yourself, you'll never discover the God. You never discover the truth because well, you never see yourself, right? So therefore that is the true one kind of spirit, which is each one of the us never change. So therefore in the Buddha's say is what, we connect life to life, right? Continues in this circle, right? No beginning, no ends, and continues, right? That's the spirit. 

Each life changes different bodies, different nationalities. That spirit never change. That's the own identity. 

But that spirit itself also will manifest at the different ways, just like, you know, in a company, chairman is a chairman, and then they have a CEO, CFO, all of these. That's the other organ, each organ's spirit. Each organ's spirit has contained it in the real spirit. 

Just like you are the child of your parents. Then you definitely have somewhere just like your kids, maybe notes like you, maybe eyes like you, right? Each organ has own spirit. Then therefore they are all pieces of the real spirit, which is who you are. 

I mean, this, for example, we say, okay, I say that my liver, a lot of the liver, has a liver spirit. But the liver spirit will always show a piece of the real spirit, which is your true identity. Then also has their own personalized the spirit, personalized in the spirit, in the liver. 

Then this liver will have a personalized association and the frequency with the nature, seasons, trees, you know, any kind of wood elements, right? So therefore they can go out, oh, this is my cousin, right? They see the tree, oh, this is my cousin. Can you say that? Maybe, maybe not, right? Unless, so that's why I say, unless through your cultivation, through the Qi practice, you will recognize, wow, when I pass the tree, I feel the pain of the tree. The words without the words, then it's the touch.

Then that's called a spirit connect. That's the difference. So when I draw this circle, it's a spirit, it's contained everything. 

So instead of specific to say, oh, it's my liver spirit or something, just like a big spirit. Thank you. Nancy. 

Hi, Nancy. Thank you so much. Just thank you. 

So you said one evening that the Qi and the blood are interchangeable. I think you said the blood was the M, was the material. And so where in all of this is the breath? What? Where is the breath? The air. 

The air is nothing or something. And I cannot say nothing. It's a something.

It's a something to allow you look like you still life. Oh, well, that certainly gives me the feeling that I'm still alive. You see that when someone doesn't breathe, still doesn't mean you are dying.

Because you don't have air in, you don't have air out. Even your heart stop beating, still doesn't mean you are dying, unless your real Qi in the meridians disappear. That means you are dying. 

Do I make myself clear? You don't breathe, doesn't mean you don't have air, doesn't mean you are dying. That's the Qi. That is not Qi. 

That's two kind of level Qi. One is the Qi everybody has. You will breathe in, you will breathe out. 

Chinese medicine talk about Qi. That's all everybody has. The other Qi is the Qi in the meridians run without special practice, special right away to practice. 

You never can discover. So 99% of the time and 99% people never have the chance experience real life, real life. So therefore, in the tradition, they say you are dreaming. 

How do you know that's not dream? That's right. When you wake up, you are dreaming. When you sleep, that might be the real. 

In the dream of the dream, right? You don't know. You don't know what's the real life. You don't know. 

The meridians, you never experience it. So that's why when you die, when you doesn't breathe, the meridians disappear. The one of the real life disappear. 

But not right away. They might go away first. If they're gone, then you're dead. 

You're finished, right? So that's why when you don't breathe, it doesn't mean you are dying. Only when you don't have Qi. So therefore, definition is a totally different. 

Okay. Thank you. Lots to think about. 

Yes. All right. Hi, Orla. 

Hi. My question is about applying the five element consciousness to a case where somebody has cataracts. So we know from earlier classes, the way to treat cataracts is bladder meridian mainly, and then liver also.

So then to create a triangle, the obvious triangle would be the kidney to the liver to the stomach. Because that's a lot of my experience of creating triangles. That's the treatment plan. 

But I'm not satisfied with that level of understanding. I feel like I don't understand at all why I'm choosing this based on the five elements. I'm choosing this based on a previous class where I learned that cataracts are treated, are a bladder meridian problem.

So can you help me understand how to bring five element spirit into that? You can. So that would be too much to talk about, require a lot of fundamental buildup. I just give you a shortcut. 

That's the result. And just do that. You don't need to ask why, you don't need to ask how, you just need to ask what is.

Until you build the relationship with the outcome. See, that's the real difference is called the between how to call the normal student or indoor student. The actual, you know, normal students, everybody learned the information, you all got the things and then you just couldn't do that.

The real student will go to deep, continues, continues, continue, until one day you have to discover yourself. You wait out to discover self or give it to you, still give you us the information, the information you cannot handle. Okay. 

Thank you. Lots of study, Orla. We all do.

Hi, Marie. Hi, Master Liu. I was wondering if you can talk more about the birth year, say someone's born in a wood year or a fire year that you said is supposedly their stronger element. 

So how do you help the patient? What do you do specifically? Are there different ways like needles? Is it talking to them? Is it herbs to help them kind of use that energy so that they can support their own healing? Well, that's just what I said at the beginning. How do we see the light? All right. You can see the light based on the space. 

You can see the light based on the time. When we say that the birth date is important, we are based on the time. We are not based on the space. 

It's not that you born with the rich people, you will have a good life. Right. You know, you can born with a rich family. 

You have everything. Doesn't mean you have a good life because one is based on the space. One is based on the time. 

Time means when you are born at that time is nature's. The five elements, these five elements, the circle is 60 years. One circle, one cycle, 60 years. 

In this 60 years, that's every 12 years similar. Right. So therefore, in the other words, we say you are the child of the universe.

During the pregnancy, your parents used the materialized genetic code combining non-materialized qi, nature's qi, universal qi to create your unique physical body and allow you to use this body with the materialized genetic code with the non-materialized universal qi to deal with your entire life. So that's why they say answer lies within. So that's why in the class, in this course, we discovered that, right, we say that your stomach is your what? Your stomach is what's the organ? Do you mean the earth? Is that what you're asking? Yeah, it's the earth, but also compared for the kidney. 

Kidney is what? Your entire genetic code, right? The kidney is for genetic code. Then stomach is for what? Stomach is after you're born, right? Yeah, postnatal. That's right. 

So I mean, therefore, these two organs is not a drug. They are relationships. What kind of relationship? Support. 

So in order to discover your genetic code, you must use your digestive system, your adaptive system, which is your entire stomach. So in this course, we already discussed, allow you to see these things. So how do you do that? Then you just have to see that. 

You have to see that genetic is what you have. Adaptive is what? How do you use? You can have all of this information, just like this course will be finished now. So each one of you has all of this information, maybe knowledge, but how to apply? How to use? It depends on each one of your intuitive mind and rational mind cooperation.

It depends on what do you truly want to use this to discover at which level? Which level you want to discover? So would you say you can only really influence your rational mind by like changing your beliefs and your thinking, but your intuitive mind just sort of is like, I can't control my dreams or my, you know, or when you have intuition, would you say that's the way it is? No, the intuitive mind needs different ways to, how to say that? Intuitive mind needs different ways to cooperate. It's a different kind of processing. The rational mind is the way we learned from the school. 

The other school, what we gather is how to manipulate the rational mind, right? But intuitive mind has a tool, the different kind of meditation, different kind of chivalry practice, and therefore different system has different ways how to stimulate it and how to use intuitive mind. I only can say that that way. Okay. 

Thank you. Isn't that a form of cultivation as well? No, it's a different levels of the cultivation. Okay. 

Hello, Helen. Hello. Hi. 

I'm kind of new because I joined in late with this group, but it's been an incredible experience. So thank you all. And thank you, Master Liu. 

I had a question. I've had Lyme's disease on and off and on and off. And I've tried this and that and magnets and frequency things. 

And I finally landed in a place, which was one of the reasons I'm at this course, that the only way I can find a sort of peace with this Lyme's is to balance my system. So I am not susceptible to every critter that comes along. But my question here is you've helped people find out what to do for Lyme's or say cataracts or whatever, but it feels like such an art form, this that you do, it feels like for each person to balance their system has got to be a completely different approach. 

How do you do that? Your intuition, right? So that's a whole concept. It's got to tell you there are five gates. You have a freedom. 

That's what we want. We live in the United States of America. Everybody wants to have a free will. 

So if I tell you that's the only way, I'm kidding you. So that's why I tell you free will. So what is a free will going to give it to you? Your intuitive mind. 

But so far, you haven't have an intuitive mind yet because you still buy, you still buy, somebody tell you, you have a Lyme's disease. Yeah. If you say, oh, they make a mistake, the entire past would be erased. 

Think about what I say. Because you still focus on the space. You haven't focused on the time. 

So when you see the sentence differently, then it's not a Lyme anymore. Can be different, right? So I think the last class, we'll talk about the quantum physics and modern science. From the modern science point of view, if someone tell you, you have a Lyme disease, you know, they are not a modern science, right? They are classical science. 

So therefore they can identify the Lyme. If a modern science, they don't see the Lyme, what they see? They see the energy transition. They see energy processing, right? So then therefore you have to ask yourself, are you going to stand in the modern science point of view to understand yourself? Or are you going to stand on the classical science, the point of view and carry this heavy disease, the labors for the rest of life? Modern science. 

Yes, that's right. Nothing is everything, right? Yes. Change the angle.

So how do you change the angle? Now go back to this concept again, right? Yes. Each one of us is unique. So that's why five element framework is so powerful. 

It's just like a car. It's the same car, but it's the driver's skill, right? The five elements framework is like a car. Do you have a skill to drive? How do you want to drive? Where do you want to drive? Right? You have to see yourself. 

What's your gift? You have to ask yourself, what's your gift? Use your gift wisely because the gift comes from your genetic code, right? You don't say, I bought it from the Amazon. You didn't buy it. Yeah. 

You didn't upgrade the gift. The gift comes with you. So therefore use your gift. 

Apply this gift. You look like you are behind some kind of keyboard, right? You play the keyboard. So what is your favorite song? Now listen to me. 

It's the same way. What's the favorite song would you have? Yeah. So why? Why the song touch you? Why? So when the song touch you, touch you at a different level, which level they touch you? I'm just giving you a different way. 

So now look at that. If that's the keyboard, right? So keyboard come out, it's not a key, it's not a piano now. They use the data. 

They use the electricity, the frequency. Even though sound can be like a piano, but it's not piano, but doesn't matter. Doesn't matter.

The matter is the sound itself recording your happiness feelings. That feeling itself will help you reset, reset your healing power. Maybe you'll be able to use this emotional power start for the healing. 

You have to believe in yourself, right? Don't carry other people's label thinking, oh, you have Lyme disease. Yes. Just like that. 

Look at that. If a covert can be manipulated by that way, can you imagine the Lyme disease? I'm just saying that this way, right? You just think about it. Even covert can be do this way. 

The lie is more easier. Fear never fail. Fear doesn't hire the lawyer to sue the government, right? Have you seen the fears, you know, the thousands of years, you know, test. 

No, you are wrong. We don't have a disease. We don't carry the lines. 

No. Thank you. You're welcome. 

Totally get what you're saying. Yes. I hope. 

Yeah. I really hope that you can use this kind of concept, start that you are healing. Use this five element framework of cancer. 

Okay. I can start that. I have a genetic code. 

I believe that they are no accidents. Hi, Rachel. Hi, good evening. 

Thank you. I've really been enjoying the aspect of the invisible medicine. I'm trying to kind of that last picture you put up where you had sort of the body and the spirit on the outside. 

Are you trying to show that like, as we do the Qi Gong and we work on our bodies, we're basically, you know, whatever, doing something to our meridians, making our meridians more healthy or more activated or moving Qi or something that I don't understand yet. But that's basically connecting us. You know, that's like a way in sort of to our connection to nature and the universe. 

So the physical aspect of what we do, like practicing the Qi Gong is like as important, say, as, you know, looking at the flower and feeling the joy and seeing, you know, expressions of, you know, peaceful things out in the world and working on our like peace of mind. And do you see those two practices as like equally important or is what are they, you know, is one because it seems like they both have material and invisible aspects to their benefits. Like you can do Qi Gong and make yourself stronger and more flexible, but you can also use it to connect to the spiritual world. 

And so it's kind of like, because I work with animals, you know, I find that if they're not happy, you know, anything I do to their body doesn't really work and kind of vice versa. And so you really can see this very, you know, the relationship of the physical aspect because they use their bodies to feel safe. And then the, you know, the mental aspect of how they feel because they're more connected to nature. 

And I feel like we're sort of more disconnected from that. And I was just trying to, I don't know if that I'm oversimplifying things. It's difficult to simplify that because the animal is an animal universe. 

The human is a human universe, even though we are living in the same earth, but we under the same rules, but we manipulate it. Animal doesn't manipulate. Animal try to adapt. 

Animal try to adapt. Animal one, you know, their partners die, they don't go to the funeral. They respect, then they say that, then they move on their life.

Right. The animal will know when the weather's change, they have to do something different. We don't. 

Right. So then therefore, in order to truly understand this, yes, Qigong practice is just giving you a step stone to allow you experience invisible world exist. That's all.

Otherwise, how do you see, how do you can say, oh, can consciousness exist? No, you don't have experience. You don't have experience. Consciousness exists. 

So yes, we do. Each one of us have a dream, but in the dreaming, you can see, or you can feel, but you cannot say that's real. It's real. 

Only you know it's real, but that real only in your dreaming world, but you cannot apply to the reality yet, unless you through the special training, special practice, which is no such a school. I want my experience now. Hi, Joanna. 

Good evening, Master Liu. Good evening, everybody. Thank you so much for this course. 

It truly is a gift. I was looking at the pattern in the five-element circle, and so it seems like some of the, what would I call it, characteristics go along with the mother-child circle, like the directions or the development of things, but then other things don't, like the times, for example, that the organs are in charge, and I'm curious, is there a reason behind that, or was that simply what the Masters observed, that's when the organs are in charge, and that's how it was written down? That's why I leave this one called the mystery of the five elements, right? I didn't say I tell you guys the whole truth. I tell the part of the truth, a little bit of the truth, but not the whole truth, right? The whole truth is we have to continuously discover why in this framework, why ancient Masters put this into this framework.

How do they discover this framework? They discover this framework doesn't mean you discover that framework, right? We're just thinking we are entitled to use it. That's not your framework. That's universal law, right? Then how to apply this law become your life, right? How to allow, think of this, that's the first level, which is now our level, is how can we apply this five element universal law to our life to make a difference, right? Then later, which is the highest level, Chinese always say, idea is you become part of the universe, so which means that how can we reach it to the level that the five elements run you, instead you use five elements. 

Think of this way, right? Right now you use five elements. Can you believe one day let the five elements use you? You are the chosen one. Can you do that? Not yet, right? That's a lot of trust. 

I'm telling you, there's a lot of trust. You have to provide yourself and tell these assistants, take me, I am the chosen one, right? But without faith, without the trust, without your identity, but everyone doesn't want to drop the identity, right? So that's why in the Tao, Zhuangzi always say, if we can drop our identity and travel the light like a tourist and nothing will harm, can we? That's too high. It's a dream, right? We're all holding identity, our numbers, mine, mine, mine. 

There's nothing, there's no mine anymore, no me. Can we drop this identity? Then you'll be part of the element. Then the element will take you. 

Even you have a year, month, day, right? What year you're born, you say, oh, my element is wood, but can you drop it? Can you drop your identity? Let the wood element, the consciousness of the wood element take you, be part of this, right? It's not easy, not easy. So that's right, that's called the code of vision. That's the third level of what we try to do, which is the highest level of how to use this five element consciousness framework. 

It's called vision. At the end, we wish the element can use us instead of we use the element. Understand what I tried to say there? I think so, yeah.

Yeah, thank you. You're welcome. Okay, last question, Alexandra.

My question is about dreams. And sometimes I have dreams about old people in my life. And sometimes I go back and forth with myself of like, you know, there are no accidents. 

So is there a reason for this old friend coming up in my dream? Like, you know, is that there for a purpose? Or should I just let it go? I won't give you a true answer. Otherwise, everybody, I have to open the next class called the Dreaming Analyze. How to diagnosis the dream.

That'll be the more exciting, exciting class. How do we see the signs of the dream? That's totally different. I shouldn't do this to you. 

But anyway, you have to use this way, these elements try to change your life. Then absorb it and watch the dream changes. Then letter by letter, to discover the truth. 

Don't try to get the answer immediately. Because you might be at the middle of the process. Yes, my question is how to use the elements.

Don't use them to the dream. You just have to change the life. Your life will change. 

Your dream will change. Okay. Thank you. 

That's it, Master Liu. All right. So, so far we are pretty successful for the end of this class. 

So I just give each one of your best wish. And don't use this as the information, right? It's a very valuable. It's the tape. 

It's a very valuable framework, right? We say that at the beginning, you know, if the Dao, no one understanding the Dao. In the Dao reborn, Dao created and the one and the oneness. And no one can do the oneness.

No one can perform the oneness yet. But at least we understand oneness can be the yin and yang. So how can we discover the yin and yang? And how can we in the yin and yang the level try to understand the Dao? Five element framework is the vehicle. 

Thank you very much. See you guys somewhere, somehow, and sometime. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 

Thank you. Thank you.