Hey, here we are again, guys, welcome. And tonight we're gonna talk about the fountain of youth in one hour. Master Liu, we want the whole secret to the fountain of youth in 60 minutes.

Ready? Go. Okay. Since you guys invest your time, invest your energy.

So finally, that will be the today's, the last course, it's conclusion say, what do you gonna to use all you learned for yourself? It's difficult, right? To say you have so many powers, all of these five element consciousness framework, right? In order, now the question is here, in order to use this framework wisely, the key is you must be, must be flexible. You must be flexible. So you must be used, not based on the rational mind, not just based on the rational mind.

Otherwise, this framework is called that, then you just use as the information. So we try the many different ways. On the first one, we put is the sleeping language.

Then we have pain, then we have the information. All of these, that's you guys to see, what's the purpose? What's the foundation? There are always has the foundation, right? There's always as the circle. So that's why the five element consciousness framework, if you will see, there's no beginning, there's no end.

Every element can be as the enter gate. You have to think it, every element as the enter gates, allow you enter this five element framework. But this framework also is the enter gate.

The entire framework can be the enter gate, allow you have an opportunity to see, not just a visible wall, but also has invisible wall. Now, how do we use this? For our personal use, right? So they suddenly, oh, what I have to say, I just lost my memory, right? Yes, I'm memory lost. How many times? How many times you thinking you lost the memory? And how many times you have experience to pick up the memory, not directly, it's indirect.

So have you really think, where are they? Where you put them? Where you put your memory? It's not the same you put your memory and send it to the cloud, it's unlimited space. So far you don't have to pay monthly fee, right? You put your memory to where? To the brain? We always thinking it's the brain, it's foolish. Let me tell you, it's not true.

Definitely it's not true, right? It's at the least that you would say, it's not a whole true, it's not a whole true, right? So the memory can be saying that to somewhere, somewhere at there. So the only become, only become when and where and how? How do you want to connect? When you want to connect? And how do you want to connect, right? Have you find it? And sometimes you see your mom, you see your grandma, right? They can't remember in the last minute you tell them, but they can remember 40, 50, 60 years ago and the tiny things. How can that be? Why so far away? Many years ago things they can memorize and immediately they can.

You think, we think it's the short memory. We think, we still think it's the mental. But however, it's not mental.

Let me tell you, can go through the as the Maria said, but unfortunately we haven't truly discussed this Maria's yet because Maria's contained their own memory. It's a data, it's a different data than Maria's contained data, right? Acupuncture points contained information. We think that has to go there.

Why sometimes they can put needles into specific points and suddenly we open up the memory. How come? The Qi flow free, the body become organic whole. So we do the simple way.

I'm not gonna go through this one very deep. I'm just to say, okay, so based on this, we are assuming now we go to the, I go to the you guys concept because that's the Western, right? So we have to use a Western concept. We think of memory related to the mind, related to your brain.

So we use our stuff, five element framework, right? So you use the first piece paper at the first day, you guys have to see that. I know most people just put that on the side. They think it's another important, but I tell you, it's a very important.

Yeah, you don't pay attention, you're lost, right? Maybe that's what I say. Memory we're assuming is about brain because the brain is not in this framework. Because the brain is not in this framework, but I give you a piece of paper tell you brain can relate to the actual organs in Chinese medicine.

They put the brain or head, right? They put the brain, it's called the actual organs. They are organs, not organs, they are bones, not bones. They are one of the special, one of the special unique organs, still brain is organs.

So we all thinking it's a mystery in the brain, mystery never in the brain because it's still visible. But however, I'm still follow this concept called the visible as the brain. So the brain in Chinese medicine related to the kidney function, right? So the brain related to the kidney.

To stimulate that your brain function are related to the kidney function. But the kidney function also related to what? To your hormonal function, your age. Now we'll talk about that.

Age, end time age, right? Does anyone have the experience of your age processing? From the kindergarten to the middle school, now what, high school? Once at the high school, what's happening? Does anyone have a good memory? At the beginning, all the girls, their grade is better than the guy, right? You're so good, you can straight A the guy, you look at the guys, they're so dumb, right? They only get a B plus. And until high school, suddenly all the guys, boom, their grade change. How come? How come? Does anyone really thinking that? What's happening for the brain function to understand? Now think of this, to understand the information, to know how to processing the information, how to use their brain, brain function wisely.

It's related to the kidney function. For the woman, seven years is a cycle. For the man, it's eight years is a cycle.

Until 14, it's a second cycle. What's happening? Your period come, your hormonal change, your reach to the pivot. The guy has to wait two more years until 16.

But today, I mean, definitely, because the food, you know, hormone, you know, there's so many junk food, hormones, food, and meats. They stimulate this earlier. So you might see this, right? Because the kidney has so unique, then your memory as the function at the day related to the kidney function.

Now here has one more thing, because we haven't used yet, we haven't discussed yet, which is the meridian's location, right? We say space and the time. Location, location, location. So the head is that location.

The two of the major meridians run through the head. One is the bladder. One is the gallbladder.

The two of the major one, then definitely has one of the, the other one is called the major one, is the sanjiao meridians. That's all in your head. So the meridians we say is the what? It's the pathway of the qi.

It's the network between physical body and energetic body to allow your body to communicate outside yourself. So the meridians, the function, meridians, the speed of the meridians is fastening the light, right? We think the light is the fast. No, that's not true.

The meridians, 10 times more faster than the light, speed of the light. And so that's why can allow you, allow you, allow our body can communicate, can receive the message or order from outside the space. Outside of ourself.

Now based on this, so we say, if everything what I say is the truth, it's the kidney function. How do we deal? Now we use the five element, we say, okay, now you have a memory issue, right? So the memory issue, how do we deal with the memory issue? So the memory is the kidney, right? So who is the mother of the kidney? So you need a support, the lung. The lung need a support, right? So now if you have so many lung issue, chronic cough, constantly to do this, right? You have a lung issue, you have a skin issue, you have all of this, and then even you have a colon, right? Lung and the colon is a partner.

So if you have a colon issue, you are constipated. Now look at this, what's happening? The mother cannot give enough energy to the child. So which means your brain function missing the energy, just like a power.

Now your computer, yeah, we are on the internet, suddenly you look at the, oh, I run out of power, so you need to find the connections, right? So charge, you need a power. But the power comes from the mother. However, so if you look at the other angle, say, okay, so who can support the relationship? Earth, which is your stomach digestive system, right? So if, so go to the if again, you have a lousy digestive system.

So how can you support your kidney function? Now think of this, how can you support the kidney function? So you cannot support your kidney function, then you definitely, your memory will be totally lost. So the third thing over here, you have to see yourself before the memory issues start. There's so many areas associated with kidney function.

So the first piece of paper, you guys should read again, again, and again, that's all the information and the pieces are there to tell you earlier warning signs. Thinking this, if you already have a bone loss, so what does that mean? You have a bone loss, you have a kidney function loss, so you will, you will have a memory loss, just as soon or later, right? So think of this, how can you have a bone loss? How can you have a bone loss? Does anyone look at the Discovery Channel? We find a mummy, we dig at the, you know, the Samoan under the ground for hundreds, couple of thousands of years, the bone's still there. They dead, they died for hundreds years, but bone's still there.

You lie, you already start to lose your bone. What's happening? Does anyone really think in this way? Are you alive or dead? Cool, right? So you really need to think what's going on for your body, right? So that's, we only look at these two, mother and the support relationship. Now, how about the child of the kidney? What is liver? Does anyone doesn't have a stress today? As long as you have a stress, you have a quantitative stress, emotional stress.

I know today not many people have a physical stress. Most of what we have is emotional stress, right? We make that, right? We fake it, right? We have, we use our creativity to create the stress, right? Our own imagination to create the more stress. So every time when you have a mental stress, a physical stress, emotional stress, what does that mean? That means your kidney, liver energy gonna drop.

So what's happening? They suck out the energy from the kidney, right? Now go to the heart. The heart is the worst part. Number one, if number one killer is the heart disease, so what does that mean? That means the heart constantly, constantly request the energy support, right? In order to keep the peaceful mind, peaceful heart, you will constantly request the kidney.

So, hey, I need more support. But kidney say, no, I'm a run out of gas. How can I support you? I even cannot support myself.

I'm fear, right? The modern life is based on the fear. The modern life is not based on the faith. Modern life is based on the fear.

Everything is insurance. Everything in the future is connected to the wrong things. Bad things might happen.

And you be taught, we be taught. You are, once you getting old, the problem will happens. The body will going down, right? So therefore you buy this kind of concept.

Then you constantly, you constantly go to the internet and try to put yourself match for the bad. You are not go to find the good. See, how can I match? How many areas I'm so good? No.

So therefore, you will constantly put this kind of fear energy to your kidney itself. How do we treat? Sleep. So that's why first time.

Why? Because that's the way we say everything happen for reason. In order body can heal itself. Body, what? Body knows how to repair.

So the sleeping become number one. We say, how can you have a good sleep? There are many different ways, right? Releasing the stress, that's only one way. Inner peace, that's the heart.

That's the second way, right? Otherwise, the staying between heaven and the earth increasing more G, you become. The other way, go to the earth. Go to the center.

Stabilize. Be center. Be peace, right? There are many different ways can create healthy and very, I will use the word.

So what kind of words? Quality sleep, right, we say. Very quality, you're sleeping. The outcome has to be quality, not the quantity.

We know how many people sleeping there for hours to wake up and still feel tired. Well, the quality is so low, right? You need a good quality, called a power nap. Close your eyes, couple minutes, even couple seconds.

Snore immediately, how good it is. What's happening? Hey, you're gone, that's good, okay? You're immediately, two minutes your body can reset, right? If you really want to do this, the first one is go to a, go to the sleep. That's the number one, right? That's what we say that this one.

Number two is what? We say that which is, I think it's the last class. We talk about how can we avoid overuse the energy, right? Each organ can overuse the energy. You see that each organ, they have the young energy.

If they overuse, then what's happening? They create the heat. The heat will create the what? They create inflammation. The inflammation with what? Burning your energy down.

So when if your energy drop, what's happening? They take all the energy too, away. Then your kidney doesn't have enough. The chi.

So how can you have the same good memory? You see the whole concept? So therefore, the two ways to understand, right? This memory associated with the what? Kidney function, number one. Then also associated with the Marines. Godbrother and the brother.

So if it's a godbrother, what's happening? Do you have a lower back pain? Do you have a back pain? Do you have a knee pain? Do you have a heel pain? You see, all of this is what? It's the signs of the brother function disorder. So all of these things give us, if we real care the memory, then we should real care all the symptoms in our body, right? All the symptoms are just like a puzzle. They are going to happen just sooner or later.

How do you? Almost like ingredients. So ingredients are already on the table, depending on what kind of food you want to make up. You want to make it Mexican food? It's the ingredients.

How do you use? You want to make it the authentic Chinese food or Italian food? It's all up to you. It's the same ingredients. The process is different, right? So the memory, even though memory, we associate the memory is anti-aging.

It is not true. It means if your body doesn't take care of yourself, if you don't put the effort to keep the minutes, call the minutes of the body, then the memory will happens. That is one particularly, called the particularly activity of the brain.

Activity of the brain. Means what? Activity of your qi. It's the qi.

So the name from generally speaking, if we don't call the memory is the brain function, then we will call the memory is the qi function deficiency, right? Most likely, the young kids doesn't have a memory, right? Because they have a tremendous qi, see? So that's why we say, oh yeah, memory loss is anti-aging, but we never look at the, it's the qi deficiency. Has nothing to do your anti-aging. Has nothing to do your age change.

It's doing, you don't keep it yourself. Keep the same called the function yourself. Even at the same age, your age can change, become older, but you don't need it.

You still need the memory, but the memory will be functioning totally different. Based on the activity, based on your kidney function, based on your entire organs function, mainly based on your how to use this five element framework to create the teams, to create the partners to support your kidney function. Now, since memory is the one of the area called the anti-aging, right? I know we are going to become aging because no one can stop the aging.

You know, sometimes you go to internet, they say, oh foolish, there's one kind of herb. You take this, guarantee you when you was 80 years old, your skin will be like a 16. Foolish.

It's a totally lie, right? If someone have that kind of power, pharmaceutical will bite you off, right? Why they not give it to the king, give it to the queen, give it to the president, give it to the rich people. They'd be more rich. Why they have to put the YouTube click, right? Why you have to go to this YouTube? Doesn't make sense, right? So you guys have to, were you thinking, if, now if, a time, the aging, what is called aging? Now we go to this concept again, aging.

Life have cycles, cycles, right? It's a cycle. So if we based on this cycle, so in this cycle, how does your body functions? How does your body functions? So why most people, right, most people only two pair of the teeth, right? So have you seen someone have three pairs? Very, not many people have a chance to see, to meet somebody, have a chance for the third pair. Why? Time.

They don't have enough time, go to the other cycles, what we call the circle, life circles. You don't have, you don't need it, even though you say, oh, my age already 120, but your body doesn't meet the requirement. So therefore, even age, you enter this, but an image doesn't meet this requirement.

So therefore, doesn't happens. The image. So the bottom line is still, aging is related to the image.

It's not related to the time. It's like an empty car. If you take care of this car, they still run.

If you don't take care of the car, if a new car still doesn't run, so you have to take care of the body. So how to take care of the body? Go back to your five elements again. Why we say that each organs has their own rules.

They must follow. Then still go back to the concept. How's your sleep? Just based on how's your sleep can determine you are anti-aging.

People always ask me, my patient always say, doctor, do you have a secret recipe for the skin? I say, yes, I do. Can I get it? I say, no. How come you have a lousy sleep? Even the best to put your own skin, still doesn't good.

Then you say my skin, my cream, my anti-aging cream doesn't work. No, it's another anti-aging cream doesn't work. You have to understand, even though external, now we go back to the secret over here.

Everything for the external adding in relied on internal body to absorb it. Let me say the one more time. Everything for the external adding in must be meet the requirement, must be of the internal can accept.

Otherwise, still unnatural. Even you put the natural cream to your face, for the body, still is unnatural. I know that's the high level.

So that every day you guys should look at yourself, but am I doing myself unnatural treatment? Yes, because it's external. It's internal. Internal, you say, can you? Now we go back.

Can you, at the consciousness level, give yourselves has domain, has orders. Allow yourselves to understand the new life. See, cells has a new life.

Each cells has own life. But once the cell goes to different organs, they changes their consciousness because organs consciousness. But even organs consciousness different, the organs still have to meet the requirement of the harmony, meet the requirement of the balance.

So the body still has to go through that is called a metabolic function or called the processing the chi. Most likely, we only thinking, or not we only thinking, most likely and most people get the chi is from the food. That's why we're only doing this.

One is to do by food. Second is to continue use whatever the body, what you stored for this many years. So that's why you get a bone loss.

Do you know the bone loss means? You used E equal to MC squared. You transfer the bone become an energy. You have energy there.

You owe somebody's money. So what are you gonna do? You sell your grandmother's ring. You sell your bones, transfer the bone become energy.

You have energy there. But in order the body, in order the body fulfilling their own destiny. So the body must be sell the bone or not gonna transform the bone become the energy.

Think of this, right? Anti-aging, we'll still go back to this anti-aging. The bone is the number one. Why the bones number one? Now we all go back to when we was kids, when we was a child, as a babies.

Now, how does the baby grow? Eat? No, sleep. Baby comes in sleep, right? And during the sleep, they move. And every time they move, they grow, they grow, grow, right? So the baby grow, they grow the bone first, right? The baby doesn't grow the meat first and become a fat baby, no, it doesn't do that.

They have to grow the bone first. Name, grow the meat, grow the muscle, right? The bone grow first. Structure has to change.

So where's the energy come from? You think of this, just for their milk. How can their milk can, if their milk can grow the bone? Then why when you're getting older, you drink the same milk? You can drink more milk if that doesn't grow the bone, the bone still lost. Look at that, what's happening? I'm just crazy.

I'm just solving this question, letting you guys think, you have to think, right? So where do you grow up, right? You grow the body structure, you grow the bone. So all the energy send it to the bone structure first. Your feet grow, you're getting taller.

The feet grow a little bit, the shoes size continue to change. You're getting taller, taller, until the feet doesn't grow anymore. That's it, you stay the same size, right? So you're gaining weight.

So why all the other part can gain, but does anyone continue to gain the shoe size? No! Does the game same, same size? But the clothes can change the size. From medium size, become larger, extra larger, extra, extra larger. They can continue to grow, right? Can you imagine the shoe size grow? Well, so what's the here? What we learn in Thai aging? What we learn is what? The feet, right? You grow the feet, you grow the body.

Then what? When you getting old, it's not the start old in the brain and the head. You old, getting old, feet. So when now the question is, if we really want to take care of the brain function, take care of the entire agency, what do we need to do? We need to take care that the root is the feet.

So that's why you see when we do the morning Qigong, what we do? Our Qigong is marching, right? While we do the marching, our feet, exercise the feet, right? Exercise the root of the life. It's called the root of the life. So as the Tao, right? The Tao, in the religion, even Taoist, the Taoist practice the religion Qigong, they practice Qigong, they don't practice the brain Qigong, even though they know the brain can some kind of Qigong, they don't.

They don't do this. They do the Qigong for the feet, or they call it foot, whatever you call it, both sides. But the left side, right side, it's a little bit different.

The foot is all the seal of the life, of the entire agency. So each one of us must be paid attention. It's not to say how much you put the effort.

Yeah, we put a lot of money to buy the expensive cream. You don't put a lot of money to buy the cream to give you effort. You don't.

You even doesn't, if you can massage a little bit, oh, they say stinking is a waste of time. So every night, please, if you want, these bad things can do so many. I'll give you an example.

You want your face, right? We talk about the entire agency. The one of the best and the simple things to keep the face, skin, moisture, or to avoid the wrinkles is not massage the face. It's massage your foot.

I know, you know, no one will understand this kind of concept, but, and because in this class, I have to say why we learned the yin and the yang, right? We learned yin and yang. We learned the balance and the harmony. We learned the highest and the lowest must be balanced.

If a face on the top of your body, then the foot is the lowest, is under there. Understand? So you give the chi and give the massage to the bottom of the foot. Foot massage, look like nothing to do on your face.

It's 10 times better than to do the face if you like this kind of concept. If you care about your face, then I tell you, that's what you need to do. Can do, can give you many different benefits.

Second things, when we talk about the anti-aging, right? The anti-aging has also, let me put it this way, it's a two level, let me put it this way. One is a materialized level, one is a consciousness level. The consciousness level means, do you still feel the inside of yourself? You have to feel you are still young.

If you already feel yourself is old, then doesn't matter you are going to, because the system doesn't function. Do you understand? The body, this is a system. The how does the body function still is based on what? Consciousness level, because five element framework never change, universal law never change.

You are the child of the universe. So therefore the resource, the resource of today is the same resource as 60, 70, 80 years ago. I'm not saying in the earth, I'm saying outside is the same.

Every 60 years is one cycle, never change, never change. Never change. So what's that going to do for us? If it never change, the resource is still there.

Why? Why we are not capable or able to use this resource to enhance our body? Because we don't know the natural, we are lost. So that's why I go back to again, these five element consciousness framework at least give us a framework if we want to follow the natural law. If you want to follow the natural law.

If you want to use this framework to give yourself less benefit, you can prevent it. Memory loss. You can prevent anti-aging.

What's called, I'm gonna say prevent anti-aging doesn't mean you can stop there, you doesn't getting old. There's no such things, right? Otherwise Jesus would never die. The Buddha would never die.

They have all the laws and the drugs would never die. That's natural law, but however, you won't have this kind of old illness and the disease. You won't look like your skin, your body, like sagging at the end, you wouldn't.

You still will look good, right? You still look good. You look at this still is good. It's a possible and also it's doable.

So with how to become possible and doable, you guys have to do the study. I already give the everything. I think I give the everything, the requirement of each organ, each organ's function.

What is the requirement? You want your skin getting better. So what is the skin related? And the lung, right? The lung control the skin. So what's the relationship between lung with the other organ? You guys have to see.

You have to see this. Because today will be more difficult and the someone, you know, because everyone hold the cell phone. Where's my phone? Yeah, you always have a phone and holding this.

That's a pericardium and the pericardium is coming out to your face, to your brain, constantly give you internal heat. Internal heat, that heat will create information. The heat will burn your moisture.

So no matter how much water you drink, your skin still dry, right? So therefore they can sell expensive cream for you. So you have to understand this kind of things. So you really want to use this concept called the anti-aging.

So we must know answer lies within. That's why we need to study five element consciousness. That's why this five element consciousness work can help us and will help us.

May give us the way to prevent anti-aging. So conclusion, how do we prevent anti-aging? Take care of your feet or take care of your foot, right? Now it's the summer, it's difficult. And the winter, if possible, you should really give yourself massage, warm up, put some cream, some good cream.

So even if you don't have a cream, but at least you need a warm, you need a warm, like a ginger, like a cinnamon. You can buy ginger and cinnamon cloves and this kind of oil mixed together, then give you a foot massage, create a little bit of heat, right? So that can get it. So massage the feet, right? If you already practice Qigong, right? Anti-aging, so they call this.

The qi can flow, the energy can flow. Because of that, the qi can flow will help your kidney function. Kidney is the organ contain all the wisdom of your genetic code.

If you want to use the genetic code wisely. Last one, last one is a fool. I know, so people always want to say, what kind of food am I going to eat? Nuts, right? You want the anti-aging, you want the brain, nuts.

Why? All the nuts is what? Is the center of the show, right? Nuts is inside. Doesn't represent the brain, brain is inside. So therefore, nuts is what? Is the shape, is the similar like inside the brain.

All the nuts, beans, good for the kidney. So you support the kidney, you support the what? You support your brain, you support your heart, you support it with the anti-aging, right? Nuts, I give you one thing, right? You guys all buy apples, pears. Have you seen the worm? When the worm getting in the apple, getting in the pear, where they go? They don't go to the skin.

They go to the center, go to the seed. Immediately they know that's the life that contained all the life of the generation. Next generation of the new pear is contained in the seed.

Right? See, animal knows. Why we don't? We are dumb, we don't use it. You know, we use something, whatever that, you know, they tell you, oh, this is the best, I don't know how to call it, you know, fool for the brains.

They don't understand this concept, right? The concept, concept always the same. What kind of framework? How do we want the seed? And how do we want to use the information? Nuts, right? So guys, eat the nuts. And in the nuts also has a difference.

Even though in the nuts has a difference. So what's nuts is the number one nuts, pine nuts. Why pine nuts? Because a pine tree has a longevity compared for most other trees, right? So therefore, if that tree contain the information, contain the consciousness of the long life, does their nuts contain the same kind of concept? Sure, right? So therefore, pine nuts would be the number one.

Number two is a walnut. If you don't get a walnut, it's too expensive, a peacock, I don't know, same. Walnuts, why? The walnuts, the shape is like a brain, see? So you don't get a consciousness, at least you get a shape and a similarity, right? In a similar, we are in the same family.

So therefore, the pine nuts, walnuts, that's the best nuts. And definitely, you know, other nuts, all the nuts is good, but these two is, in my opinion, is the best. And the second one is all the beans, right? Different kind of soy, right? The black beans.

So all the beans, all the beans contain the nuts and the beans, that is the number one, right? Even you go down for the sesame seeds, black sesame seeds, white sesame seeds, they are also good. Also is very good, right? So eat more nuts. So now the question is, if you're allergic to the nuts, that means you're allergic to what? To the life, right? So thinking the same concept.

So what is happening? They give you a sign saying, this area, if you want to fix, if you concern your anti-aging, your memories, you better fix these problems, right? You better fix these problems. That's what I say, right? You want vegetarian, you don't want to kill the animals, go to the nuts, go to the seeds. I think that should be done, right? So you got the food, you got the point, you got the concept, you got the theories, you got the secrets, you got everything.

Now, so we know continues, and the most important is the practice, the qi, right? The qi is more important. You see someone, she don't practice good or not good, look at the face, look at the body shape. If you practice qigong, your back is still turned down, it's lousy, because your back straight, that's your back straight, you look from the back of the person.

If they straight up, that means what? The blood lines is good, their kidney is good, then what's happening? Their memory is good, right? Understand the concept, then balance, right? So you have to see the balance, how good they are. Now you have to see the flexible, how flexible they are. So all of these couple issues is called the physical outcome issue.

So you have to look at yourself, does my old joint still flexible? Does my every finger still look flexible, right? So you have to look at this concept, then if it has any small issues, we try to fix. Don't wait until become big issues, because everything is connected, right? So that this course give us the answer, everything is connected, even though sometimes you don't know, even sometimes doesn't seem so serious, they are going to affect you sooner or later. It's still going to happens.

I think that should be enough for today, all right? Do I finish the one hour? Oh, almost, that's right, it's pretty damn good. Yeah, we can give you, yeah, because I'm finished that, now you only can have a four minutes to ask question, answer, I know. So how can I answer the questions? All right, that was amazing.

I have to admit between taking notes, I was rubbing my feet a little bit. All right, so please raise your hands if you have questions, jump right in. Go ahead, Alicia.

Hey, I have a question. You said at the beginning that the meridians are inside the body and that's what flows the energy. Can you talk a little bit about the fascia tissue? Because I work a lot with fascia tissue.

And even though I don't know exact meridian points, I'm still coming from a TCM framework. And it's seeming that the fascia tissue, like what do the meridians, I know they sit inside of the body. But when you stimulate a meridian, and I know it's going to an organ and the energy's moving, it seems to me from understanding my work with fascia, that's more the major brain of the body than the brain that's in the head.

Like this seems to be a processor, but somehow the fascia tissue seems to be so deeply, and I know it's all connected, but I'm just trying to understand a certain aspect of the body of how it all connects. How does Chinese medicine look at fascia tissue? But Chinese medicine doesn't have that, that what's called the that category. Okay.

So it doesn't have that category. So the only category you should see that is based on the location. So if you say this tissue at the where, so in that where at that location, which meridians run through this location.

Okay. It's been very, very interesting because you've talked a bunch of times about quantum entanglements. And in the last class, it was like a talk that you gave for the morning class.

You said the highest level of acupuncture is quantum entanglements. And that's why I'm asking because I'm like, it doesn't say anywhere about the fascia tissue. So I'm working with the fascia tissue using quantum entanglements.

And I'm like, okay, like I'm seeing the results, but I don't have a map. Do you know what I mean? Like. You only can use a step based on the location associated with the meridians.

Still as the meridians is the first guidelines. Okay. Well, thank you.

Yeah. Thank you, Alicia. Go on ahead, Orla.

Hi. So my question is about if somebody already is showing signs of memory loss, do you think it's possible to reverse those signs? Yes. Everything is possible to reverse.

You just have to know why, why these things happens. So when the memory loss is a short memory loss or long-term memory loss, when this memory loss start is very important. That's always a trigger point.

Do they have real memory loss or they just say, I don't want to know. You see that kind of? Yeah. They don't, yeah.

They memory loss, but they only lost something they don't want to know. Right? You really watch them. It's a very, very, in my opinion, it's a very, very interesting, but it's difficult to say that this way.

You know, to say that this to the people say a memory loss. So if you're going to do the treatment for this kind of treatment, you have to see the big picture. So you have to be slowly.

So certain things cannot, let me tell you. So these kinds of things cannot directly break through. I don't know the words.

You cannot tell the truth. You only can say, you know, I know, God knows. Do you know what that means? You know what's happening.

Now I know what's happening. And God knows what's happening. So we just keep it, this secret at the ear, right? I don't have to tell anyone, but I know why this happened.

So the somehow you have to be allowing the patients to feel comfortable. You know, how do I feel? See, then he or she might waiting to open. Okay.

So then, so it comes back to a similar thing we talk about all the time, get the patients open up. So if they open up about the issues that they know they're forgetting, that realization, like the real deep root of it, that realization might help them, you know, reverse the issue. If they realize.

They don't want to be reversed. Right, right. Yeah, they have to understand this.

That's another disease. Right. It's the part, it's a different, it's veins.

It's another disease. So you cannot force them to do the treatment. It's another disease.

You understand? You have to understand this concept. So that's why memory loss is another, belong to the disease. It's just one kind of, how do I say that? It's the veins and associated with the aging.

It's unfair, got associated with the aging. You know, it's the one kind of activity called the emotional activity be played with life. It's a tough one.

So therefore, that's why I don't usually, I don't go that path. So have you seen the yard? You listen to me. I never tried to teach people how to fix the memory loss.

But for this group, I just said, for yourself use only, right? I'm not teaching you how to do the treatment for others. It's too difficult. Takes many levels because you push too hard, cost become worse.

You make them vulnerable. Understand? They don't want to be vulnerable. So therefore, this is so difficult to deal with the case.

So that's why I rather don't say that. But for this group, for the aging, because we are going to facing this and the society constantly talk about this. But we just have to understand how does the Chinese medicine, how do we use this five element framework to understand this memory loss associated with which organ, what kind of function and how can we prevent? That's all we can prevent at the physical level, maybe a little bit at the emotional level.

Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Thank you so much, Orla.

Rosalie, good evening. Hello, everyone. Thank you.

Mr. Liu, I've heard a master say many years ago and I didn't have an opportunity to ask a question, but his statement was if someone has a broken clavicle or has broken their clavicle, there will always be a qi deficiency. And I have pondered this in every aspect I can in terms of bone structure, location, meridian, channels that are influenced by clavicle. Can you comment on that? Yes, if they broke that piece and they definitely have a qi, always a qi deficiency because that's the major lines that go up.

The stomach lines and the kidney lines at the here. So any kind of the bone broke, right? The bone broke is not the bone broke. There are no accidents.

That means this area, the stomach or kidney meridians already weak. Any accidents, it's meridians already weak. Then accident happens.

Not accident happens, cause the meridians a problem. Understand? It's meridians off the balance. Generally speaking, it's meridians off the balance.

Then you are easy performing, it's called performing the accident. Just like someone twisting and twisting the ankle. Oh, I'm accident.

No, your gallbladder already screw up. I'm put it this way. Right? And then therefore, at that kind of motion, your body cannot handle it.

But it's not your body cannot handle, your body handle all the time. And then because of the balance, at the meridians level of the balance, they fix. So that's why after fix, you have to fix.

But most of the time, you never fixed. Even acupuncture, never fixed. They just do the thing.

When they done, go on. Right? I say that many times, like a frozen shoulder. Once you get a frozen shoulder, you fix the frozen shoulder.

Then what's happening? That means your lung function already downgraded. Not many people, after frozen shoulder finish, that the pain go away, will continue to try to treat the lung, to enhance the lung function. So therefore, 99% of the time, always a problem.

Right? So when the patient come to me, I always has one question answer. One question is asking that, do you have a frozen shoulder before? One or two. See? Then I know your lung already dysfunction.

I already know that it doesn't matter. I don't care. Because most of the time, most of the people never go through this way.

They never look at this way. They never understand this way. So therefore, even though the pain can go away, but the organ will maintain at the lowest level.

See? That's a bad thing. It's a sad thing. That means how do we understand the Marines with the body parts? The relationship? That hasn't really discussed it yet.

Right? Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you, Rosalie.

All right, Master Liu, that looks like all the questions for tonight. Wow. Looking like no one, yeah, looking like they all has a beautiful There's no anti-aging problem.

They're all young, healthy, and perfect. Right? So make sure that massage your feet. Right? One more time.

One more time. I tell you guys, right? To look at someone, give them one more chance to look at yourself. How do you know your kidney function is good? How healthy you are? Your feet should be always warm.

If your feet getting cold, understand what I say? You guys should really just at the least, you know, you go there to test someone, just like, you know, I go to that patient before do the needle, just a hand, just touch the feet, you know, that's it, cold. That's it. Right? The feet must be warm.

Got it, you guys? If your feet is not warm, the first, you guys, you want the anti-aging, you want to take care of your brain function, you want to take care of the beauty for your face, your skin, your things, please keep your feet warm. If not warm, at least you make them warm. Understand? Give them a massage, give them a toast.

Even put a heater, put oil there, toast your feet, add something. Feet getting cold is one of the worst things, worst signs of the anti-aging. Got it? If you can get a whole ideas, now start this class, or at least start to love your feet more than your face.

All right. That should be enough. Thank you very much, guys.

So now after today, you guys take a break for two weeks, right? We come back Monday, June 9th at seven o'clock. That's right. You have two weeks.

Real thinking, we don't have many class now, so we have two more, I think. So, you know, then we're gonna do real conclusion there. You guys, you're real thinking, what are you missing? What area you still not understand? You better ask it some serious question.

All right? So then therefore, we can get a complete finish of this course. Everybody got something. Okay? Good night, everybody.

Thank you so much. Good night, everyone. Bye.

Thank you. Bye. Thank you.

Bye, everyone. Good night. Thank you.

Good night, guys. Bye. Bye.

Oh, I like the boobies. Good night, everybody. Good night.

Good night.