Well, actually, we have to give this a name. So I'm going to give this forum an official name. Going to be Saturdays with Master Liu. 

Doesn't that sound like a radio show? I like that. So, hello, everybody. This is Saturdays with Master Liu. 

You never know what we're going to be doing. Actually, we never know either. So it's always a wonderful surprise. 

And that's the full growth comes in. So, Master Liu, what are you doing? I'm trying to apply ancient technique in and out for breakfast. So if we see everything has oneness, right? So right now, the cup and the spoon. 

So the spoon is a visible you take this out. Then you eat. Then inside the cup, you cannot see. 

That's the in. You see the cap? You can put in and out. So the spoon would be the young and the cup would be the in. 

So then you're often doing this in and out. That's every day. So in and out concept is not just that someone can talk in class for philosophy. 

It's for every day. Everybody's daily life is in your daily life. But not many people will truly understand this concept.

You're one of the most important. There are three things, right? You are asleep. You are eating. 

Then you are eliminated. They are all in and out. Let me show you one thing, right? We do the western in and out. 

So what's the difference? That will be the young. That will be the in, right? So in hold it and the young going to cut the motion. After this, what do you do? Generally speaking, right? In a high level manner, you have to shift the yin and yang again.

Now you put it in. That's yin and yang. But you're holding these two hands constantly moving. 

That's good way to practice yin and yang. However, when you go to the eastern, they don't need it. Why so complicated? Just use a chopstick. 

In the chopstick, that's the yin. Never move. That's the other one. 

Always move. Yin and yang. So therefore, why you use a chopstick and practice yin and yang? It's a great concept. 

After this, now we need one concept. Yin-yang. Not yin and yang. 

You have to speak the language. The language itself contains yin-yang. What is yin? What is yang? What is yin? What is yang? Often when we see, yeah, I know, yin-yang, right? Even now, Hollywood movies, they can use the word. 

That's the folding language to be applied in English. Now yin-yang. Yin and yang. 

That sound is different. When the sound is different, what's different? That means the tone is different. That means the frequency is different.

That means you are enter wrong, wrong address. Like a w, like a u, w, w, da. If you key the words, you wrong one thing, you go to the wrong address. 

Then yin-yang is pronunciation. Every Chinese word has four tones. One, two, three, four. 

One, two, three, four. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Tones. 

Different tones. It's a different frequency. And to different address.

That's number one. Number two, if you pronunciation wrong tones, then what? It's wrong frequency. Can you imagine at the symphony and the one of the major violins and play the wrong tones, what's happening? The conductor will give you a dirty look. 

Boom, right? You are wrong. You are the noise. So the tone becomes so important. 

The words become important. Then every word you are chosen is based on all the words you haven't chosen, right? Yin and yang. The words you chose is yang. 

The words you haven't said is yin and yang. So often when we say yin-yang, immediately you have a picture. Signs. 

Let me show you what kind of signs you are chosen when you say yin-yang. Signs. That's two signs. 

Both is yin-yang. Two opposite and at the one place. What do you see? The both is number one. 

That's one side. Yin and yang. You see the one side is a different color. 

It's black. The other side is white. So therefore that's the yin-yang.

The other one is also is white and black. But they are twinned together. That's yin and yang.

So each one of you, I would like you to really think. Now close your eyes. Think. 

When you say these words, which picture comes to your mind? If your picture comes to the number one, it's a two different entities. Opposite. Then you are wrong. 

Your picture or image or called image or signs must stay there and show you at the number two. Now open your eyes, please. Number two is the correct concept of the symbol. 

It's a symbol like a V.I.T. path. This path will allow you enter to the universe. That V.I.T. path will allow you enter to the world. 

Allow you to control life and death. Allow you to experience creations. Allow you to connect to your soul. 

But if you carry the path at the number one, the only can go in this reality. You cannot go near the invisible reality. You cannot travel beyond the time and the space. 

Because that's the wrong concept. Very important. That's the first concept. 

I would like each one of you to truly understand. Even though they say the yin and yang is two opposites. We often say male, female. 

We have day and night. It's simple because it's opposite. Then mind we're thinking number one is opposite. 

I cut this circle opposite. They are not they are not associated. Can be easy cut and the spread. 

However, the number two, you are not easy cut. You cannot. If you go to the straight cut, no matter what you cut, there's always a piece. 

The other side opposite with you. So now we're going to go to the second concept. In order to understand this way, you don't need to show it too fast. 

So you in order to understand this concept, you have to understand. First class when we say everything comes from the Tao. So because the Tao is everything, then the Tao will create manifest oneness.

How to create the oneness? Qi. Last class was in Qi and the consciousness will create the oneness. Oneness means it cannot be differentiated, cannot be separated, cannot be discriminated. 

They are just oneness. Nothing more. It is. 

That's oneness. But if Qi continues, but the oneness goes to our life as today's human minds. Then therefore, that's always try to differentiate it. 

Always try to discriminate and see what's going on. One, nothing can be separated. It's the two.

Then the inside has two. One is the yang. Yang. 

One is the yin. Right? Yin and yang. Therefore, yang should be on the top. 

Yin should be on the bottom. So why you say this? That's called a common knowledge. Know why. 

It's not. You can upset the way. So if you turn yourself upside down, then it's true, right? Turn yourself upside down. 

Then it is okay. Still okay. It's a perception. 

But everyone agrees. Everyone agrees. It's called agreement.

Yang is lighter. Yin is heavier. So the light and the heavy become upset. 

Become two past, two entities. So lighter should be on the top. Heavier should be on the bottom.

That's called a common. We all agree. So if we are all agree, what's happening? We are creating new consciousness, which is the last class. 

We are trying to differentiate it. Define it. What is the consciousness, right? One is the nature consciousness. 

You cannot add anymore. You're born with this. One is you're born with it. 

You cannot change. The other, you can change. You can add in. 

That's the main creator. We all agree. So once we all agree, then it's called a new consciousness born. 

Then lighter, white on the top. Black on the bottom. Heavier on the bottom. 

That's Yin and Yang. There's two things. It's easier to separate. 

But we know this way is not a perfect way. So the symbol should be continuous, progress until the last circle. This symbol is to show you exactly they are tying together and the motion at the inside. 

Which that means, you see, it's like two circles, right? One of the top Yang circle on the left side. When we see your left side circle, you erased. And the bottom Yin circle, your right side circle be erased. 

Then you are moving everything to them together. It is a two circles. You just doesn't see any other path. 

They are still there. But still it's two circles. Now only difference, only difference, you cannot easier and separate. 

Then here has a four basic concept, basic concept of Yin-Yang concept. All right. Yin-Yang principle, what you want to call the principle or you want to call the concept.

So this concept is exist, exist in the three dimensional reality, which is in our reality. We all agree. In our reality, if you go to any kind of Chinese medicine TCM college or university or any master is going to teach you, they all going to show you this four basic concept.

First concept is opposite concept, right? So you easy to see one side and then the other side, black and white. So, and this way, each one of you knows how to play this. Day and night, right? Front and back, up and down, inside and outside, cold and hot. 

You can play all this. Now here has one thing, very important thing. I would like each one just real thinking this.

This also should be your homework. You should play this all the time. Anything you should see, can I see the Yin-Yang in this object or in the subject? So you have to play this until you are so useful, until you are so easier to see, then that's yours. 

Otherwise still is a concept useless, totally useless. It's good for the new language, make you become new age, but it's useless. So you have to play this opposite. 

First is opposite, right? We all can play this and the Chi and the blah, right? Life and the death, time and the space. So here has two entity. One is the same object. 

The other is a true entity, totally opposite. Left and right, your hand and your leg. You see, that's true. 

Also not directly connect, still be able to apply Yin-Yang concept. So the number one concept is opposite. So that's the number one. 

Number two, number two, number two means ebb and flow. So which means you look at this symbol, they are always high and low. So if we now, we use the straight lines, you do the one cross straight lines from the top of the Yin-Yang symbols, straight lines going down this way.

No matter what you cut, every time you cut the straight lines across, that's always either Yang continue increasing and Yin continue, no, sorry, Yang should continue decreasing, Yin should continue increasing, right? One decreasing, one increasing, because what we do is from the top down, this is straight lines. But if we change the way, I'm going to from the bottom up, then what? The Yin will be decreasing, Yang will be increasing. So in the other words, Yin and Yang is a constant change. 

They never stabilize, never change. That is the second rules of the Yin-Yang. Daytime and the nighttime, it is a constant change.

Use the example, day and the night, good and the bad, right? Even you are so powerful, you can be the president for four years, eight years, maximum, then you have to go, right? The sun always highest, go to the lowest, the tides, wave, full moon and the new moon, sunrise and sunset, constantly change, heaven and the floor. That's the second one. Now the third one, third one, third one means you are inside the mutual, they call the mutual interrelation. 

In the other words, means that's always inside, if we do the same way, we're cutting these lines. If every piece is cut like cutting a cake, if I cut this straight lines cut, no matter what I cut, there's always pieces on the other side with Yin always with Yang, no matter what I cut. If you go through the straight lines, the center, if you can see the center, right? Where's the center? In this circle, the center, then you draw the straight lines.

These are straight lines that can turn all the different ways, no matter what you turn, there's always pieces opposite inside or within the other side. Yin always have something in Yang, Yang always have something in Yin. You cannot separate, they are all intertwined each other, called a mutual interrelationship. 

You cannot 100% clean cut, just like a knife, never can be clean cut with water. That's always, that's a rule number three. Rule number four is transformation.

So the transformation means that even though we can see these two things separate, two entities, even though they are interrelationship or mutual connections, then one day, if you look at the world, they are still oneness, right? One family, one nation, one earth, one universe, right? Oneness, you cannot take it out. Just like a cat, the cat has own rules, jump up, jump down. I cannot say get out of here, they still come up, right? Because the outside has any other entity for the cats want to see, but I cannot see. 

Have you seen your cat, just stay there, they continue looking, what do they see? You try to see, you see nothing, but your eyes, the cat's eyes, Yin and Yang, they see totally beautiful. I've gone too far, want to pull back. That's also Yin and Yang. 

You reach out your hands, you send out your minds, you're holding back, that's always Yin and Yang. So now we go back to how do you really see this concept? That's called concept, the four rules. You apply these four rules in your daily life.

How do you see that? How do you apply? If you cannot apply the rule, just rule, concept, concept, useless. In my opinion, useless, right? You can say that doesn't mean anything to you, get out of here. Doesn't mean anything to you, so you have to find a way.

Now I give you one kind of good example, get out of here. Suppose, suppose, right? They say dating, right? Two people start dating. At the beginning, when you're dating someone, what's that? It's totally separate, right? It's a separate. 

You and me is opposite. We are not connected. We're dating each other. 

You are you, I am me. No connection, it's just started knowing each other. After you're dating, weeks later, what do you find? You find that your emotions, your love grow. 

Then what? The two lovers and together become ebbing and flow, right? You are so good for a couple of weeks, and now you start a fight, separate, and you don't see each other, no text, no answers. You get a headache, you see the BFB, you pop the fan calendar, you cannot do all the business, right? Then a couple of weeks, oh, you're stuck together again. So you flow, go through the couple of months, and some people go through the couple of years, right? Your love, just like it is in and out. 

A couple of weeks good, a couple of weeks bad. And sometimes you never stay the same thing. So you always try to find the connections. 

Little by little, all these things become smoothly. Then what? Called a mutual interrelationship. Then what? What's called a mutual? I cannot live without you, you cannot live without me. 

So you're stuck in my heart, or you're stuck in my mind. Then later you promise, what do you promise? You promise deep of your heart, you don't say, honey, you are deep in my mind, I love you. You won't say that, right? You will use the heart, because you know your heart can create heaven, your heart can create hell. 

So big, unlimited your heart, but you know your mind is not unlimited, so therefore you use the heart. So that's why five elements framework, the heart is the spirit. So you start the premise.

Now you find your true and the real stuck together. Now you're moving together, right? You cannot live without me, I cannot live without you. Mutual interrelationship. 

Then you find what's going on, that's too late. Now you're stuck together. Now that's not enough, then you still flow this kind of love and reach to the world. 

Transformation. Now what's happening? You don't know who are you, and she doesn't know who she is. So both transform. 

Then you become, you become her, her become you, totally change. Now you create a transformation. Now the child, the kids come, then combining the two things of both of you. 

That's a life. So that every life has that kind of Yin Yang process. That's the life. 

Every time when you pray, you pray Yin and Yang. Left is Yang, right is Yin. You pray. 

You pray heart to heart, Yin and Yang. You have to pray. Or you have to do this, and then you call this Yin and Yang. 

But Yin and Yang still is the two things that cannot be separated. So you have to hold it together. That's what you call heart to heart. 

The heart to heart. You pray with the heart, your heart, with the nature of the God's heart, whatever what you call. You have to pray with your heart, don't pray with your mind.

That's the way. So two can never separate, even though you think you can separate. Two entities.

Right? So I think this class, before that I tell everyone take the pencils, right? Now we're going to test your intelligence. How good you are at math. I wish each one of you graduate in the kindergarten, right? Or elementary school. 

It's not too hard. So we know life always based on the self-center. In your self-center, reach out your arm, or with your eyes, you make a whole circle and you see around you. 

Then create 360 degrees as the circle. Why circle? Balance. The most balanced, profound, all-one-ness. 

Right? 360. Each one get the pencils. Yes? Yes. 

Okay, good. Start. 360. 

Now I would like you 360 if divided by two. What is come up? 180, right? So no problem. You write down 180. 

So 180 take half again. 90. Write down.

Now 90 take half again. What is 45? 45 half again. 22.5. 22.5 one more time.

What's what? 1125. Right? We continue cut half, cut half, cut half. So if I say 1125, cut half again.

What is? Do you have a math? Do you have a calculator? Would be the 5.625. Okay, we just stayed in this. That's gone too far now. I'm going to stay here.

So if I tell you 5.625 is equal to 360. You say no, get out of here. Right? If you, that's the math. 

You tell someone, they say, who teach you? Which school you graduate? Right? I graduated from the Dao. Dao school, University of the Dao. University of the Dao teach you nothing can be separated, even though they are looking not the same, but they are all same. 

How can be same? How can this number, the root of this number is the same, which is the number what you see is young. The number what you see is young. Let me repeat again. 

The structure, the interrelationship after this number is the heading behind. Follow me, right? Now it's very good exercise. Now I want, I would like each one of you separate the first 606 of 360. 

It's what? It's a three, six, and zero. Three plus six plus zero equal to what? Nine. Right? Good. 

Now one plus eight plus zero equal to what? Nine. Wow, it's an accident. That's not true. 

I'll try one more. Nine plus zero or equal to nine. That's, come on, that's no brain. 

Four, 45, right? Four plus five equal to nine. Nine again? No, Master Lu, don't, don't cheating our intelligence. Hey, try it again. 

Two, 22.5, which is what? Two plus two plus five equal to what? Nine. No, it's not true. How can that happen? Now one, 11.25. Do it math again. 

One plus one plus two plus five equal to what? Nine. It's an accident, right? Now we say divide one more time. Divide five plus six plus two plus five.

What is? It's 18. No, it's not eight. Divide two. 

Nine. What's happening? Interesting, right? The interesting concept is means all, if we only see one side, we will see they never connect. But if we see the structure, interrelationship of all these numbers, they are all connected by the nine. 

The nine, the number nine represent the highest number, right? The highest number is young, can show, but what things cannot show? The zero. The zero is in, never show. And the zero is because it's in, so therefore zero has a capability to add anything there and still hidden behind how pretty of the number zero. 

Does zero meaning nothing? No, zero meaning everything. See, that's the beauty of the yin yang concept. Even though the yin doesn't look like it, very useful. 

That's very useful. Can you imagine I borrow $100 from you? It's one, zero, zero. When I return it to you, I say, hey, the zero doesn't mean anything. 

I take zero away. Oh, I need to return $1. No, you borrow $100, it's one, zero, zero. 

Why you take out the two zero? I said, zero meaning nothing. So therefore, oh, I need to return $1. You cannot do that, right? Zero meaning something. 

But if you move this zero to the front and to the back, entire structure change, the meaning change, and the consciousness change. That is the concept in our life. So when we learned this yin yang concept, it's the most, the most powerful and the most profound concept. 

So that's why I don't start teaching this as a class. It's so difficult because if you make a mistake, it's a 50% wrong way. So I'd rather teach you five elements first. 

If you make a mistake, you only make a mistake 20%, right? 500 divided by two, five, 20%. So you still maintain the 80% way. Think this different. 

So yin yang concept look like it's so simple, but it is not as simple because they have all this interrelationship. They have all this concept and behind it. And how to apply this in your daily life is very important. 

All the Chinese medicine, generally speaking, and the good doctor, they got to be so good in this level because they are always to be taught how to see something behind it, how to see something behind it. Now think of this way. When we're learning this, we are not learning this to become philosopher, we are learning this how to apply this concept. 

I think each one of you remember first class, we say this course, I want to teach you guys for what information and the knowledge and the system. And then later, if we are lucky enough, we can connect, we can discover the wisdom. Now look at this level. 

They are still in concept because it's just information or data compared for the knowledge. The knowledge data is a kind from the knowledge. So the knowledge you become in and the data or information become yang. 

So once you can see, once you cannot see. So for the one thing you can concentrate. So if information and knowledge compared for the system, the system become much bigger because the system has to apply this information and the knowledge. 

Then the information and the knowledge become yang and the system become yang. Now the system compared for the wisdom, system just yang because the wisdom is behind. The wisdom never show. 

You never show. You never show the sound. You never see someone has a wisdom show. 

They never show this power, but you always see someone so smart, so clever. They always show. Easy to see. 

But wisdom people, you don't, you're not easy to see. They always pretend that they are so, so dumb. Right? They don't show. 

Yin and yang. The yin yang concept apply so much in daily life. That's one of the famous story in the Zhuangzi. 

Zhuangzi called the Sai Wen Sima. It's one of the old man living in the, living in the, the, the, the, it's the, what they call the, if they say, or just do that, it's one of the guy, old guys, right? He, one day he lost the horse. The neighbor comes. 

Oh, poor you. You just lost the horse. So he said, ah, that's, you know, you don't know. 

Maybe that's good luck. He said, you are crazy. And you know, when you lost your horse, that is, that's a, that's a lot of money. 

You just say, it doesn't matter. You just let it go. Yes. 

There's nothing you can control. Maybe that's a good thing. See, for him, you lost something. 

It's good. It doesn't matter. The neighbors say, ah, that's crazy guys.

Few days later, the horse bring back so many wild horse. All the neighbors so happy. Wow, you are so lucky. 

Now look at that. Your horse bring all of this. He said, no, that's no luck.

Maybe that's a bad thing. Oh, you are crazy. You lost the horse. 

They say you are like nothing. And then you gain the more horse. You still thinking that's nothing. 

Something real wrong. Because he gained a horse back. Now his son feels so exciting. 

I said, oh, I want to try and try to ride a wild horse. Right? Everybody knows the horse without training takes a lot of strength, a lot of technique to ride a wild horse. Then the young, his son ride, rides a wild horse and broke his leg. 

See, now the neighbors say, wow, that old man have some kind of wisdom. He's maybe he already see the future. Now he said, maybe it's a bad news. 

It is. Now look at that. It's bad news. 

And he said, oh, poor guys. I'm so sorry your son had that kind of accident. He said, maybe that's good news. 

It's good. Everybody said, you gotta be real crazy, right? You think this, all of this past is good news. A few months later, the war started.

So the government need the young kids for soldiers. Now, who want to have a broken leg as soldiers? You cannot do anything, right? So therefore, his son will stay home. Every young kid will take, become soldiers and no one come back. 

So his son can continue to stay. So when the Zhuangzi write this story, give us a concept to say, in and young, good and bad, just our perception. We never see the situation, how this situation can change. 

You lose job, it's good or bad. Maybe it's good. You never see. 

You never see because everything has a visible and invisible. You never see just like a number. Each one just play this number by number itself. 

If you're not a play this, it doesn't make sense. You guys should continue with this number a couple of times. A couple of times, divided two, divided two, divided two, divided two, continues, do a couple of times. 

Then you see how far you can go. Then you come out and then you divide the two, divide, you might find it so interesting. The line is always hidden. 

The root is always there. So the line becomes one of these three circles. So interesting, this concept. 

So give us the story. In and young, this concept is not just theories. It's not a philosophy that allows you to state and tell the people. 

It's how to apply for our daily life. Now I give you one more concept. We say that the season, right? The season is yin yang. 

The summer is the hottest. Winter is the coldest. So we can see if we use the yin yang symbols again. 

Now you see the highest is on the top, summer sources. The bottom is the winter sources. It's the coldest. 

Now on the left side and the right side. Left side, if we cross this line to the center, the left side is the spring equinox and the right side is the fall equinox. So if this symbol represents the universe, not the universe, right? It is the universe.

So there's a much deeper. In our solar system, the energy, the qi flow. In our solar system, the qi flow. 

In our earth, the qi, how does this qi can flow? You will recognize. The spring equinox means energy, starter, balance. Spring equinox and the fall equinox, if we draw the straight lines, that means yin and yang is a balance. 

Balance. The balance is that moment the entire earth can get a balance. So that's why at the ancient time, if you practice qigong, then these four seasons, the four is not called a season, that's right.

The four points become so unique of the internal cultivation that these four times allow you become gateway, allow you have experience with that, allow you have experience to reset your body. So that's why when we do in our foundation every year and do the seasonal change, why based on the season? Because it's based on energy. Why I always tell the students, hey, catch this moment. 

You might be lucky enough because the time, because the space, and because the qi, and because the consciousness. Then every season has a consciousness, has a purpose, right? It's a purpose that just need one day, entire earth, spring equinox. A couple more days, March 22nd, a couple days, spring equinox. 

And that day, egg can stand up. The egg can stand up. The egg inside, have you tried, does anyone try to screw my egg? You crack egg out, yin and yang. 

Egg yolk and the egg white is yin and yang, right? It's yin and yang. See, my cats always want to go, something's wrong there, yin and yang. But what do you do? You cannot separate. 

You always see egg yolk and combining with that egg white. And they can flow no matter what they flow, and they're perfect together. Once you discriminate that, then they're mixed together. 

So this qi is the same thing. Allow the body, allow the body can flow differently. So catch this moment, will allow your body to change, to change. 

Qi, consciousness, and the purpose, and the balance, and the time, and the space, does all become yin and yang for us? In the last class, when we talk about the consciousness, when we talk about the qi, what do we say? We say qi has power. That's right. In the power, what do we say? Visible and invisible, right? Visible and invisible.

You look at the materialized world, you look at this, what do you see? You see the tree is visible, but can you see the invisible qi? You cannot. The season is the same thing. Can you see? You don't see the qi, but you see the effect of the qi. 

You see the space change. The season is space change, but you don't see the time, unless someone tells you. Unless you develop your capability, can turn it into the smell and the sense of the qi. 

Unless you find your body and the qi flow, most times you don't know. So all of these levels is based on visible and invisible. You can apply. 

That's called apply to the seasons. Now how to apply these seasons to the body? We say our body, outside is yang, you can see. Inside is yin, you cannot see.

And the qi and the blood, we have two things. We have a qi, we have a blood. Now blood becomes yin, qi becomes yang. 

Is this right? No. Blood is yang, qi is yin. Because you cannot see the qi, you only can see the blood. 

But doctor doesn't want to see the blood. Doctor just want to see the number of the blood. And the qi and the blood constantly change. 

Constantly change, right? Because yin and yang is a constant change. That's all we just learned. The four concepts, qi, blood and the qi can be separated. 

Yes, you can just look at the blood without looking at the qi. That's fine, right? They are opposite. They are opposite. 

That means what? When you see the blood, you only see 50%. There's any other 50% you haven't seen. So when you do the blood test, all you see is 50% of your body and the visible part. 

Now number two, what do we see? Which means your qi, your blood number can be all higher or lower. It's based on your qi, high and low. Now what is qi? Last week we said the qi can be your qi, can be nature's qi, can be universal qi, right? So your qi is directly connected to outside of you, not just inside of you. 

So therefore your blood is directly shown outside of the universal qi. Then blood just becomes a shadow of the qi flow. Now we say blood and the qi is what? It's a mutual interrelationship. 

You cannot separate, but you also can transform. Then this concept, I know somehow I'm afraid that this class, after this class might destroy your entire way to look at health, look at the situation, look at your own diagnosis, right? Think of this whole concept. Then how can you put your own body based on the blood test? Because in the other part that you discounted, you never put in, right? Think of this number, think of this yin yang being applied to the qi and the blood and you understand this kind of test.

Don't you think this concept? So you also can apply this for any kind of pain, any kind of emotions, blood pressure, that's exactly the same thing. You only see the pressure, number, high or low, but you don't know which organ, five elements, which organ, five qi, what makes the blood pressure to the heart, to the something, and the number can go high. You only see the number, but you never see what is the qi behind this number. 

Now if you don't see the qi behind it, then how can you see the consciousness behind? Then how can you see the purpose behind? It's scary, right? Then when give us a completely different way to look at the illness and the disease now, then all the illness and the disease, well, it's not just illness and the disease, just it's a purpose, energy purpose, qi and blood purpose. Now I'll give you one more thing, right? So we'll be over there. Language, right? Language. 

Since we are studying this Chinese, Chinese, that's the Chinese, it's authentic Chinese, right? Unlike other things, other foreign coming in to mix the country, that's exactly come from the China, and the Chinese make therefore language itself become so important. You cannot study the yin and yang, doesn't know how to pronounce the Asian of the yin and yang. So learn this language, right? Please, I'll just give you a homework, try to learn. 

There's four tones, right? Four tones, down, down, down, down, straight lines, up and down, up and down. Try it, yin is straight, yang is up, yin yang. Because why we say, when you pronounce it, when you say these words, it's the words behind these words is what? It's qi, it's the consciousness of the yin yang, which means it's a consciousness of entire laws, laws of the earth law, of our solar system law, yin and yang, this concept. 

So apply this concept, your vocabulary should be pronunciation as close as possible, particularly for certain important words, because the words itself is like a chanting, right? Like a chanting, like a mantra, it's a sound, tone, you have to tone, like a piano, you need to tone, you need to tone it into the same frequency. The words itself will give you your toning frequency, that's the whole concept. Okay, last one, it's very important, the most, everything when we talk about this is based on our earth, our solar system, you can see in our solar system, that's the yin yang symbol, which is like this yin yang symbol too, this is motion, moving yin yang symbol, it's yin yang symbol, it's based on our three-dimensional reality, and both sides should be balanced, yin and yang, there's always interrelationship, always in the balance of them. 

So the treatment in Chinese medicine, healing, is to try to discover the balance, try to find what is the invisible part behind this visible part, not just focus on the conditions, what caused the condition, why you have a condition that's a little bit too high, if you can find what is behind it, that's already pretty damn good. That's not enough, that's just in our solar system, our earth, then we want something to go behind, if without our three-dimensional reality, if without our three-dimensional reality, then this law, yin yang balance, doesn't apply, that's universal law, it is true, but in the universal law, they didn't tell you, in the universal law, the yin yang concept will change, and the universe, what you see out of our solar system, in always, big name beyond, invisible, always, big name invisible, whatever what you see, is it based on something you haven't seen, so that's why they call it the Dao, the Dao, nothing, nobody knows, the yin yang comes from the Dao, it comes from invisible, it comes from the infinity, I wouldn't say just invisible, it's infinity, so therefore, whatever what you see, whatever you can define, it is always limited, that's this law, it's beyond our three-dimensional reality, or even go to our solar system, they might find just out of this, doesn't apply, then it depends, how do we see, how do we see, how do we apply this concept, so I think after this, I don't want to go too much, because that's not yin yang class, that's just a delayed one of the framework for you guys, right, so you need to pray, so homework for each one of you, you have to continuously take object, or take a subject, anything, even your body, you have to try to see that, right, how do I see that, left and right, inside, outside, or even you can apply the conditions in yang, how do you see that, how do you see, and I don't want that you just see the yang, yang always easy to see, action moving, and the beauty is in yang, right, so beauty is in yang, so what is the beauty on the other side, can you see that, can you see the tenderness, the beauty, everyone wants beauty, not many ones want tenderness, then you never complete, you see, then you never become profound, you're always missing the other part, which is the most important part, for healing, for self-growth, for discovery, so yin-yang is the fundamental concept for everyday life, for everybody, for our entire solar system, entire universe, that's it, okay, open up for questions, all righty, so if you have a question, please raise your hand, and let's try and keep our questions very much to the point, okay, so please raise your hand, any questions, we would like to see your face as well, so master, while we're waiting for, never mind, Sergio and Claudia, hello, good to see you again, hello, dear master, hello everyone, I have a doubt, master, in related to the specific time periods, correspond to big energetic activity in different organ system, in the lecture, in the guided book, the different organs have different time spaces, okay, in the example, we only see the negative, the negative effects, for example, if you frequently wake up around 1.30 am, it may reflect an imbalance in liver G, for example, but if I, what happens when I practice Qigong in the different time space, how can improve my organ function when practice Qigong in different time periods, you know, yes, I know, it's a very good example, for example, today I practice 7 to 9 am, yeah, this is a Sanjiao space time, maybe around, when I practice Qigong in different kind of period of time, my organ function improve, you're asking me if you practice exactly the time, do you get it improved, maybe, maybe not, see the yin and yang, see how good it is, I give you the answer, I don't give the yang, I don't give the yin, I give the whole, maybe, why I say maybe, that's two things, here still go back to, if you practice at a specific time in Sanjiao time, different organ has a different frequency, right, and therefore different frequencies means a different qi, different consciousness, and a different purpose, and some organs, some areas, is not a normal Qigong you can get in, the requirement is different, you are not a president, then how can you understand president's headache, right, you only know your own house headache, even your own house headache, you still doesn't know the whole thing, right, think of this way, it's the same thing, then Sanjiao has a Sanjiao unique qi, in the Sanjiao with the Pericardians, they are unique one of the pair, yin and yang, they have other kind of responsibility and the capability, then based on that, that's your Qigong, and your practice can re-emerge, and that type of the frequency, if it doesn't, now put this, if it doesn't, still doesn't mean they don't help you, just means that you might be at the outside, the gate continues the baking, so you wish this gate can open for you, right, just think about it, each time has its own gate, but you're at the wrong gate, or maybe you're at the right gate with the wrong jacket, wrong path, understand, it's the wrong path, you're right, the gate is right, but the gate only for special code, you keep the wrong code, because your Qigong practice, your Qigong is the code, the code doesn't match the time which the gate doesn't open for you, understand now, I give you this kind of thing, so look at like a simple, yeah, something, like for example, certain things that can do for everybody, long, yes, in the morning, everybody long, right, so if I stay there, you all have benefit, because that's easy, everybody can do, but if you say, I wonder if the long can impact to my pinning, oh, that's a little bit difficult, just to say, can you, can you, how to call it, give us some tip to the, you know, security guard, they allow you to get in, if you go to the pinning, maybe not, right, the rule is the rule, the universal rule is universal rule, unless you are faked, unless your Qi can real match, sometimes the gate won't open for you, you just have to think in this way, yes, even though, yes, true, different time for different organ, yes, people will say, teach this, all this time practice, yeah, you try that, can you get in, you can, because of frequency, we're just thinking this way, the frequency has to match, otherwise it doesn't open for you, even though everything's connected, right, even though everything's connected, but you chose, now look at here, you chose specific time, which means you are choosing the nature gate with your human mind, you see that, one is unnatural, one is natural, how do you merge two together, only when you become no effort, but you don't have effort, I want to have enlightenment, oh, effort, so you never open, open for you, you got it, okay, thank you, master, thank you, thank you, hi, Joanna, good morning, hey, good morning, good morning, master Lu, I have a question about the homework you mentioned in the end, applying this Yin-Yang concept to whatever we encounter in life or in our bodies, like you said, the Yang is the visible, that's easy, to discover the invisible, I just want to confirm that this is correct, I then go to the spirit level, to the emotions, to kind of discover what the invisible is, yes, you should try that, but at least you can list, oh, if I don't get this, you have to try, right, if you have to go through that, you have to use Yang is visible, it's action, right, it's visible, it's action, Yin is invisible, it's the source, it's the source, it's the consciousness, it's the Qi behind it, so can I see this, right, you have to try something simple first, try something you can associate the first, then from that, little by little, adding in, take people whole life, that's in ancient times, the Yin-Yang concept is an entire system, entire whole school, people four times study and practice, and still not many people discover, it's easy, look at the school, only two classes finished, right, it's not an easy concept, but it's so powerful, because it's so powerful, not easy, many thinking is a philosophy, but they are not a philosophy, because as consciousness, as Qi, try the simple things first, try your own experience first, own body, own things, and then start with the simple, then you can add in, add on, add on, remember, even this Yin and Yang still can get deep, still can get deep, still can get deep, there's always layer after layer, right, there's layer after layer, so you need to create the called the high standard, I want to know more, I want to get in deep, I want to truly understand, so that's why ancient times they say, who can truly, truly understand the Yin-Yang concept, the entire universe is in your hand, that makes sense, yeah, thank you, you're welcome, hi John, go ahead, you're up, hello, so my whole life doing acupuncture, Chinese medicine, I'm saying Yang is Qi, and the blood is Yin, and now you're saying that the Qi is Yin, and the blood is Yang, so I don't understand, it's a conception, right, it's based on what you can see, visible is Yang, and the invisible is Qi, based on this concept, does the blood is visible, and the Qi is invisible, yes, that's right, and then therefore we should flip, and the blood become Yang, and the Qi become Yin, so if you are the acupuncturist, you should real flip, because when they taught it that way, it's the wrong way, then you treat the wrong things, you cannot manipulate the Qi, you only can manipulate the blood, because it's materialized, you only see the materialized, and the non-materialized is hidden, so if we can change this, then we say a blood stagnation, right, the blood stagnation, instead of trying to fight the blood, how can I get the Qi move, so this way your mind can suddenly change, if you use a needle, or I need to promote the Qi, it doesn't matter the blood, and the Qi can flow, blood can flow, I don't have to stuck in the materialized blood, right, yes, so you needle point to move the Qi, which moves the blood, that's right, it's much easier, right, yeah, well that's how it works, that's right, I thought I was moving the Qi, that's right, right, so because a lot of time, you know, the book is, you have to know the history of the Chinese medicine, the history of Chinese medicine, sometimes they deliberately manipulate the Yin and the Yang, do the upside down, because they believe that the true, only good for authentic people, who are looking for the truth, and the seeking to the truth, they can really see, because everything Yin and Yang in the book tell you, is upside down, depending on where you're going to see, and how do you want to see, so then is it safe to say the Qi is Yin and Yang, even Qi itself still has Yin and Yang, right, even Qi has Yin and Yang, even blood also has Yin and Yang, so therefore that's why we allow you going to see more, wow, I have been thinking this way, if I'm going to see Qi and Yin and Yang, how do I do that, and then blood is Yin and Yang, that's right, blood also has Yin and Yang, that become more exciting, so basically, that's my homework, that's right, good, that would be your homework, I wish you discover something, and then your treatment definitely will change, the result of your treatment will change, yes, all right, thank you John, thank you so much for this teaching, Master Liu, so everything has consciousness, everything has purpose, the element of my birth year, 1956, the element of my birth was fire, which is the consciousness of heart, but my birth date is in the winter, is that an example of Yin and Yang in my life, that's my first question, and my second question is, if everything has Yin and Yang, does that mean everything has potential for balance, and therefore eventually for harmony, okay, so here's everything has a potential for balance, that's the, from this sentence, it's true, everything has a potential for balance, that's true, then the second one, the balance is for whose eyes, whose eyes, then the third one is the balance at the where, where and when, time and space, so in your balance, you can say, yeah, my balance, but in whose eyes is thinking the balance, with who you get a balance, right, how to, in which level you get a balance, so the balance can be small balance and the big balance, how, so therefore that's called the position of the who you are, and the where you are, and how you are, so that's why we say, in the last class, is the Qi, information, see, that's information, you have to go grabbing that, who you are, where you are, how you are, when you are, right, so if we do this modern science the way, it's always a penetrate down, in the space, in the time, you balance at the space, or you balance at the time, and whose time, see, and where's the space, there's so many levels, it's easier at this class, maybe that's why first level, it's easier to say balance, the most time when we say balance is based on the three-dimensional reality we both can see. Okay, thank you, Vicky. 

Hi, Judy, good morning. Good morning, my question, and my train of thought here is about the five elements, and the consciousness, and the yin and yang, so if all the five elements are present, right, and one steps out during their time, I'm just going to talk about winter and summer right now, for helping me understand, so is the expression in the summertime, when everything is in its fullness, the yang expression of the fire element, so that is the yang, and the yin is still the consciousness of that fire element, therefore during the fire time, that expression, expression of summer, the element of the water is still there, right, and I'm sorry, it's raining right now, so I hope you can hear me, the yin element of the water in the wintertime, when everything is still in the invisible realm, that expression in the summertime, so sorry for this thunder, so I guess I'm asking about, like, so during the summertime, the expression, there is still the yin, there is still the winter there, which brings us back to the connection of the five elements in our organ system, it's helping me to figure out that, oh, that connection between water and fire, and on some level, that's very yin and yang, right, on that level, but within the consciousness of the water element, my kidney, also exists that supporting possibility of the expression of yang in my heart, or in the fire element, can you help me to understand this, I know there's lots of different levels here, the yin and yang expression of the elements themselves, but then how it is coming back to my organ system, and my connection to the fire energy in the summertime? Well, that's a little bit of a deeper, deeper question, so that question, suppose, is next level class, talk about the relationship, we will discover deeply, but in today's class, we have one chart tell you at the winter source, and the summer source, right, so when you see the winter source, the winter source already tell you, start with the winter source, after winter source, then what, winter source is the highest yang, after highest yang happens, what's happening, at the same token, the yin already start now, continues, see, that means that after summer source, that's the turning point, the highest yang, and the crater, and the beginning of the yin, then the yin will continue increasing until winter source, winter source, that day, is the turning point, then what, and after this, then yang will continue increasing, yin will continue decreasing, that's it, so you apply these kind of things, which is the summer source represent the fire, winter source represent the chemical, then the spring equinox represent the liver, and the fall equinox represent the earth, so these four dimensions is one of the unique concept in the Chinese medicine called the balance between heaven and the earth, from the past of the future. Thank you, and we're going to take one more question, Tanya, thank you Master Liu, for this conversation, I want to talk about, for just one minute, if you can help me, I want to dive into the interconnectedness between the yin yang, the visible and the invisible, in terms of acupuncture, which I do not practice, and medical qigong, so in medical qigong, it's invisible level always for me, and acupuncture, there's got to be an intersection somehow between, or and I don't want to say intersection, but this interconnectedness between the visible needle and the world there, and this invisible transformation that in the end creates balance.

You cannot talk about something you don't do, you have no relationship and no experience, that's too far, that's something you have experienced, that's why you don't practice acupuncture, what you practice, you are giving the prescriptions to your patients, you just have to look at the patient's condition, use the patient's condition as the yin and yang concept, whatever what you see, you only see the yang side, which is action, so that's why you can see, all the tests only show you can see, so whatever what you see is yang, whatever you haven't seen behind energetically consciousness or qi is yin, so your job or your responsibility, being a good doctor, is always to try to see what else is behind this, what else I haven't seen, do not be fooled by symptoms, so that's why this concept will allow you to totally open the mind to see, oh what I see maybe is not the whole truth, it's not maybe is, whatever what you see is not the whole truth, because it's based on what you want to see, so now you want to see the other things, you want to see more, that's the whole concept, right, that's the whole concept, because it's difficult, because the yin and yang is so easy to make a mistake, because it's 50% wrong, right, you cut your 50% wrong, so that's why this kind of beginning, this is a full course, you know, full course is trying to create the fundamental basic, now in the next course we are getting in the relationship, interrelationship of each organ and the conditions with this yin yang, then you'll be able to see, oh even though in the each element, five element framework, each element itself is yin yang, entire five elements behind is yin yang, it's so powerful, that's why five elements so powerful, because all is yin yang concept, and the qi and the consciousness concept, and the dao, all can blend into these five elements framework, everybody can play, yin yang is not everybody can play, it's not easy to play, right, but since no, they are no accidents, then we are meet each other in this time and space, I'm willing to share this concept, I wish someone can click this concept, then something will change, right, your practice will change your view of the condition, disease and health, look at health, that's all we care, we care health, but we always fight health and the disease, look at yin and yang, disease is based on health, we always worry about the life and the death, yin and yang, life and death cannot be separate, your life today is based on your death, you understand, without the death you don't have life, your entire life, the most interesting things I'm telling you is after your death, I'm telling you, after you die, your children will continue to talk about you, look at how interesting, you're already gone, gone, but your children continue, your grandchildren continue to talk about you, look at that, think about are you gone, no, physically you're gone, but energetically, consciousness, you still stay, now you tell me yin and yang, life and death, which one's more important, now your children, your grandchildren continue to talk about the picture, that's your grandma, the story, now look at that, look at the, look at the dollar bills, hundred down, look at that, who's in dollar bill 100, you know, dollar bills picture, American dollar bills, cool, they died, how many years ago, the picture's still there, everybody used, life and death, how simple this concept, health and illness, yin and yang, which one we need to hold, when we see the health issue, when we see the disease, what do we see in the other part, it's a challenge for each one of us, it's a challenge, I know, it's so big, so that's why, it's a whole entire class can develop for this concept and discover all of these concepts, right, if we can do something, so that will be the next time, but this time, just I want each one of you have a chance, at least play this concept, will be good for you, when we enter to the next level of the interrelationship of five elements, would be much easier, I don't have to state more time to explain the why and how. That's so interesting, because as you're talking to Tom and Tanya, all, at least on my screen, all of a sudden, their picture blacked out, and you're talking about yin and yang, and here they were, where you can see them, and all of a sudden, it was a black screen, this is great, thank you, Master Liu, I have tons of questions, but I'll post my questions on the community forum for us to discuss, that's always an option, guys, you know, post your questions in there, keep them real, all right, that's why community, you know, this one is yin and yang, guys, don't be afraid that you make a mistake, if you don't make a mistake, how can you grow, yin and yang, understand, spit out your mouth, turn it to the yang, holding inside your mind, that's yin, you want the action, you want the change, your yang put into community, they support, they create the yang, then everybody together, creating manifestation, transformation, guys, please, practice, concept, become real, otherwise, you only can be high-level BS, now, we're ahead, we don't want you guys, all right, headed in the other way, thank you very much, you know, do the homework, and the practice, and then we see you next class, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, everybody, okay, bye,