In my opinion, today is a very important class because it's the end of the, it's not the end of the, it's almost when I finished, so second, second module, we say the relationship. This relationship is a build up of individual elements, but the individual elements is a build up based on the consciousness of the each elements. I would like each one to truly understand we are build up, but we shouldn't, I shouldn't use the word called build up, because the build up is the Western concept, you build up block by block, you build up, that's called a build up.

We are circle, understand, as I say, the learning processing, we continue over and over and over again. Every time we're over this kind of vibration, it's like a tornado, anyone have ideas of tornado? Tornado is not that kind of, tornado is this way, but in our dimension, it's like a pyramid, right, you see the pyramid, they say the top of the pyramid space is a limit. My master always say, what does that mean? Top of the pyramid space is limit. 

If you want to go to the top, that's no party, because you cannot have a chance, you know, have a party over there, the only few people are capable, able to go up to the top of the pyramid, because they have to be unique, who you are. The five elements, it's like a pyramid, it's a five element pyramid, it's the same kind of concept, we from the elements to elements, and the circle up, right, you see what we do the circle, we do the again circle, again circle. So then therefore, for us, it's a concept, it's okay, so we need to know individually each element, what is element? So when we start the first class, each one of you, we say you need one sheet, you all have one sheet to download, all the ingredients, all the aspects of the each elements, right, from space, from the marine, from the body parts, they are all connected.

So that's, I say, that is one of the foundation, I give you guys almost two months now, supposedly, you should close eyes, you can memorize all the things. If you cannot, then when we go to the next module, you will find it difficult, I'm not gonna go back to this, I just dump it in, dump it in, dump it in, I'm assuming you guys is a grown man, right, grown man, that's not like a kindergarten homework, homework, homework. It's not homework anymore, it's your responsibility, right, it's difficult, so that's why we say this course is not for beginners, number one, also this course is not for tourists, you see what's different for someone as a tourist or someone as a resident.

Tourists come and go, they follow the flag, follow me, they tell you what you're gonna see, but what do you see, right, just follow the tourist, but discover, you want to discover the kingdom, discover the mystery of this framework, then you cannot follow the tourist, I'm not a tourist guy, all right, I just tell you, hey, I just write one kind of book, it's called the tourist guide, it is still a tourist guide, but it's a different kind, I'm still hiding, I'm still hiding, because I feel that if I say too much, it might confuse you guys, I know, no, your ego won't allow you, your ego won't allow you to accept this kind of, who the hell are you, can question my intelligence, right, I know, you are inside, to get you sooner or later, you think you know, I'm saying, I know nothing, so that's why I say, I know nothing, I'm just a deliver mailman, I'm gonna deliver the information, understand, I'm just trying to deliver, deliver to you guys the information, only difference, you don't need a signature, sign it, you don't have to sign and say you received, all right, I just deliver that in your mailbox, it's up to you guys, how much you want to put effort to really cultivate it, even though it's English, I have to tell you, even though it's English, my English is not English, it's the Chinese version's English, so therefore, it's inside that has Yin and Yang, it's not pure English, it's you just poured out the English, I'm not pure, you know, it's 100% pure English, it's not, I merged into the Chinese concept of the English, so that's why we say, we say that in this framework, xiang sheng, xiang ke, I'd rather you guys use Chinese instead of use English, because the words, what they, it itself has thousands and thousands of years, has the culture, consciousness behind this framework, it's the thousands of years, the men cultivated or used this framework in their life, in their healing processing, in their environment, they figure out some kind of knowledge, some kind of wisdoms, right, so they try to put it down, try to put it down, therefore, if we're directly going to translate as English, like a xiang sheng, it's so difficult to translate, even say, mutual creation, wow, like needing thinking, so then, therefore, they do the mother-child, you know, literally, and bring back to the reality, you with your mother, too literally, you understand, it's too literally, so if you have issues in the mother-child relationship, you might have issues with the real mother and with you, you definitely have the issue, otherwise you shouldn't have the issue, understand, because you will immediately use this language to merge this kind of relationship, you wonder that's true, but doesn't do that that way, so the mother-child relationship, just give you a concept, it's a merge, always from highest going down, right, the mother-child, they call the xiang sheng relationship, and the xiang ke, it is, right, the only difference here, I say, xiang ke has two levels, two levels, one level is everyday life's level, it's a majority level, it's in the clinic, all the time, what we see, we see exactly as a translation of the English, control, control relationship, out of control, that's why what we see is problems of the control, either over control or under control, see, all the physical issues, emotional issues, life issues, there's always a feed into over control or under control, even though it's the mother-child, what we call creation, xiang sheng, that's the same thing, same thing, either give too much or not give enough, you always complain, I need more, I need more, because the greedy is always itchy, the greedy bury inside, right, how much we want more, think about the xiang sheng, xiang sheng means child, right, we say, okay, mother-child, child always go get more, more, more, so what is more for you guys, think about, what is more, all the materialized things is more, non-materialized is not more, doesn't mean we are bad, we just means that we, mentally, we are slapped our concept called more, right, more, if we say we are the child of the universe, think of this concept, we follow this concept, please, we are the child of the universe, so the universe is a mother, we can get whatever we want, now think of this way, right, we can get whatever we want, now think of this way, when you go out, when you go to climb to the top of the mountain, what do you see, you see the beautiful views, right, everyone see the beautiful views, I know some people never climb the top of the mountain, so I shouldn't use this example, I should say, look at the moon, I think everybody have experience, know what's the full moon, right, how about this beautiful shining full moon, everyone, your entire life, you definitely have one or two times, having this experience of the full moon, but none of you, none of you will be so greedy say, that's my full moon, I'm gonna take home, does anyone do that, does anyone say, let me get more, a picture constantly doing this, none of you do these things, right, why, why, does anyone think about it, why you're not doing this, why not take more for the light of the moon, the energy of the moon, think this way, why when you do the breathing with the air, you are not bringing extra air back, try to suck out the more, and because I can take home, does anyone do that, why you're not doing this, you only do the water, water bottle, does anyone do the air, you are part of the air, right, you are part of this energy, you are deeply, deeply, each one of us at the biological level, we know what is in now, what is the relationship between the child and the mother, what is the relationship when we're facing to this unlimited wisdom, unlimited power, right, but only, only when we see some materialized things, and then we want more, we want money more, we want to materialize more, and big house, big cars, big things, right, other things you don't, now you should really look at this kind of angle, and then try to figure out what's happening of these kind of things, when we have a bad weather, when we travel, do we want to control, do we want to control the weather, we cannot, we know these things, right, at the biological level, we know our position, think about, I try to use my language, our position in this reality, your position, who are you, what makes your thinking you can control, so far, I think until today, most of you should have a little bit understanding, wow, everything is connected, try to control one thing, try to define the one angle, one disease, one body part, it's foolish, because every time when we think we know, we know, or I discover something, then immediately behind the discover is unknown, exist, immediately exist, so the unknown always what, bigger than the known, right, it's just like you're chasing the tail, unknown is always big, so that's why when we learn the yin and yang, in a reality, in this reality, yin-yang is a balance, in this reality, control is very useful, but in higher dimensional reality, invisible is bigger than visible, cooperation, harmony is the deal, is the real underlines of the relationship, it's another control, it's very important, so that's why when we study the Xiangsheng and the Xiangke, we must see consciousness level, we must see that invisible level, so that's why I say that these two, I want to share, it's not that I say, not to say I'm authoritative, I just want to share this concept taking me how many years, every time I think I got a master, yeah, smash me, you know nothing, that's why I say, oh, I know nothing, I just discovered that I just cannot sleep a couple nights, you still say I'm nothing, yes, you are nothing, right, I'm not saying you guys are nothing, right, you have everything, you know, you accomplish a lot, right, so we still, we just have to be a little bit humble enough to understand, that's the first class of what we say, we try to use it, Dao is the concept, right, what's the Dao say? In the Dao, the Jin says, the Dao, what is the Dao? It's everything, it's nothing, but it's not nothing, right, it's everything and nothing, understand, so called infinity, that's called the Dao, it's before the big bang, before the existing, that's the Dao, everything, so once it becomes this everything, then when the purpose, purpose rise, then existing happens, so there's always a purpose at the consciousness level, doesn't matter one star, doesn't matter it's one universe, in the other universe, there are many universes, right, does anyone watch the movie, they call the, well, the Doctor, I think it's, I forget the, what's the, oh, I forget what's the name of the movies, the guy's promise is that I will love you in all the universe, I love the lines, Doctor Strange That's right, Doctor Strange, you guys should watch that movie, understand why he say, I will love you in all the universe, what does that mean? That means at the different universe, you have a different purpose, you have a different body, you have a different position, in this universe, you might be the mother, you might be grandmother, you might be the woman, you might be the husband, in the other universe, maybe you are not, maybe you are alone, maybe in the other universe, you are different, so therefore, the guy said, I'm not just loving you in this universe, like what we say, that's the best, no, the guy said, I will love you in all the universe, it doesn't matter who you are, it doesn't matter what you are, it doesn't matter how you are, I will love you in all the universe, so what does that mean? That means exist, they are exist, they are all connected, so once this Tao can create this oneness, then the oneness can be understood, right? So it's difficult to understand oneness, we all wish one day, I'm oneness, but we don't, I love coming in, good or bad, I chose good first, or I don't see the bad, right, in and out, become two, two become three, three become everything, so what do we do? We follow this concept, we follow this concept to understand five elements, right, again, so what is in these five elements, so therefore, in these five elements, contain the oneness, contain the three, contain the two, in and out, and contain everything, understand the whole concept? So therefore, this five element consciousness framework can help us, can help us, for what? To discover the relationship between the human beings, between our micro, right, it's microcosm, the universe, our body, with the microcosm, nature. That's the framework we try to use, right, to discover the position, that's why in the Taoist concept called your position, what is your position, what is our position in this universe, in the front of the universe? We are not a boss, we are not a master, we are a system, we are a system, you understand what a system means? Just do whatever Tao tells you, just do, go with the flow, go with the flow, do the best of what you can, a system, you are a system, you are not a boss. Don't add your opinion, the Tao is a master, the Tao is the boss, you just a system, right, so that is the principle, that that is the position in Taoist concept of human beings, and therefore, when we use this to five element framework, what do we see? Right, at the beginning, what do we say? We say the first class, you need to learn this, and the second one, what do we say? We say each element has a unique own characteristics, right, we have to study each element, in each element, what do we see? We see control, right, we see each element's relationship, we see each element has many different yin and yang, we see each element has lines, xiang sheng lines coming in, xiang ke lines coming in, and the xiang sheng lines coming out, xiang ke energy lines coming out.

You can see the two coming in and the two coming out, and it depends on how you want to see, if we say yin and yang can be applied anywhere, anytime, anybody, and therefore, once we apply this yin and yang into each element, each element itself contains yin and yang, right, liver again, what is liver itself? Yin and yang, liver in the gallbladder is yin and yang, right, the liver inside the body, your liver, with the outside of your joints is yin and yang also, right, and it really depends on how do you play these kind of games, is how do you see, it's a perception, right, that's each element, that's what we say. So that's each one of us must study hard, so that doesn't have to study hard, you don't have to study, you just have to memorize, because for thousands of years, the masters already discovered, already has been used, you just follow the path, faithfully. No doubt, just use, and use, and use, okay, that's the number one, then what is number two, we're going to add in, we add in, we say it again, this is xiangsheng, right, xiangsheng can be xiangsheng, xiangsheng cannot be the xiangsheng, depends on how do we see, how much, like xiangsheng, energy has to go, that's the xiangsheng, we could do this, the heart, in all the heart, need nourish, your heart has to grow, what do you need, okay, forget about the heart, we say liver, right, we say 80% of today's condition, right, disease, illness, today's life of the balance is your liver, liver is being what, we apply the liver to the wood element, in nature, it's the wood element, in our body, it's the liver and the gallbladder, so when the liver and the gallbladder need help, what do we do, 1-800-GOD-HELP, buy the phone number, it's a toll free number, no, I'm just making a joke, you're asking the mother, right, so what is the mother, kidney, right, suppose the mother needs support, but if a mother under the stress, if a mother under the depression, if a mother under the fear, so how can mother continue support the child to grow, no strength, no energy, in the day, I'm too tired, the mother cannot, so when the mother cannot, the child will continue use, and the today, and the liver, yeah, while we are talking, definitely, someone get the texting message, right, what do you do, I don't see you, you immediately see yourself, immediately, so one, you're afraid of missing the sequence, the other way, you're afraid of missing somebody texting you, you immediately spread your energy to both parts, but this way is based on the fear and the greed, you have to look at the consciousness, that's what you do, so what's happening, then this Xiangsheng relationship never can be completed fully, so the liver never get enough wisdom, resource, from the mother of the kidney, right, that's what we see, so therefore, in situation, relationship, never enough, so talk about today, you know, one of the big, big issues of the hypertension, it's the same thing, if it goes to the kidney, if it goes to the heart, depending on which organ, impact, it's all, so when later, when we have a chance, discuss this concept, then you'll be able, see, you'll be able, clear, to see, why, why the hypertension happens, and which organs, right, why the treatments can change, and outcome will change, that's the Xiangsheng concept, right, so that's what we learn, in the Xiangsheng, excuse me, in the Xiangsheng, what do we say, it's a two, right, two, two cannot be separate, mother and the child cannot be separate, Xiangsheng cannot be separate, Xiangsheng can be oneness, so sooner or later, they still is the oneness, the liver is the kidney, kidney is the liver, so the liver contained, contained consciousness, contained, inherited wisdom from the kidney, right, that's Xiangsheng, so two still can be become as the one, now we learn, Xiangke, Xiangke is the same concept, right, so even though Xiangke is a different framework, so something supposed should be controlled at the first basic level, but also can go to the next level, cooperation, but most likely, we never see this level.

Because the most likely, we are busy trying to fix at the first level, either over control, or under control, right, because of the situation, this always happens, from the physical body to emotion, right, from the simple TMJ, to the little bit complicated, to the rebreath, and to the ulcers, and to the joint pain, you look at that, and each one can be called progress, until, and something worse part, and the cancers, look, stroke, right, they all related to control, either over control, or under control, right, the situation, but in the five elements, this framework is a natural framework, the natural law is what cooperation lies, based on the cooperation, so the control is foolish, is our main, is the people, is the main concept, I need to use these words, so we have to go beyond, so we're learning this, is to teach us, can we go beyond, can we look at the two, is a totally opposite, and control, and become oneness, reach to the cooperation level, reach to the transformation level, reach to beyond the level, right, so that's what we need, that's what we need to go to the basic concept, because now we see everything is a circle, right, why we use the circle, I say that many times, because we're using the Dao, Dao is called a circle, it's a circle, life is a circle, everything is a circle, circle is represent the Dao, circle is represent the oneness, one is one, right, so that's why we use circle, now you can see, individual can be circle, two can be circle, then the three relationship can be circle, and the four relationship can be circle, then the five relationship can be circle, then entire five element consciousness framework is circle, one and oneness, can you see that, can you understand that, and can you play that, right, I'm not here trying to make this more complicated, like a philosophy, no, I'm just trying to try, I'm trying, trying to let you see, they are probabilities, hidden behind what we see, that's layer after layer, that's interrelationship, cannot be just so simple and say that, oh, that's it, never can be this way, here still not included your personality, your life purpose, your genetic code, has nothing, all of these things has not adding into this path, and also your environment, you're living at which time, right, which city, think about that, you are living in the Chicago, wow, what do you call the Chicago, the wing city, what is the wing, the liver, you're supposed to be flow, right, but you're still stopping, you are not flexible, what's happening, you're living in the wrong place, you don't get the benefit, get out of here, no, I'm sorry, I shouldn't say it that way, but the nature will say, God damn it, I'm sorry, I give all the love, mother nature say, I give all the support, what did you get it, right, we are blind, we can look, we cannot see, have you heard it that way, we can look, we cannot see, so the five go back again, why did we have the five element consciousness framework, to help you see, that's your grass, that's what you call, can you wear that grass, see through the life, see through the situation, right, if you can do that, then you can see many things, and the basic what we cover, right, we cover the basic, then we haven't covered, excuse me, we haven't covered a little bit of difficult part, is when we say yin yang concept, apply into the five elements framework, the whole situation will change, right, and therefore, whole situation can change, why we say yin yang concept in the five element framework, look at the five element framework again, you see, when we see this five element framework, right, we say, xiang sheng and xiang ke is yin and yang, right, because the xiang sheng you will receive, if you receive is yin, you will control, or you give out is yang, receive is holding, take in is yin, give out is yang, right, understand, then therefore, look at what we say, we go back to the level again, so receive is yin, give out is yang, right, out is yang, yin is yin, now follow me, you might confuse, which is good, so if a killing come into the liver, is what, is yin, is xiang sheng, is yin energy, right, because yin, then the wood to the fire, or we say liver to the heart, is out, which also is xiang sheng, right, both is xiang sheng, but however, once this concept enter the yin yang concept, then turn to the yin and yang, the both is xiang sheng, but the yin, the yin yang concept can be yin and yang, right, the whole thing change, relationship change, so that's why we say that, I say the beginning, do not be foolish at the beginning, so I understand, which framework, how do you see this kind of framework, right, how do you see, you look at that, if a lung is metal, metal control, when we say control, or metal cooperating with the wood, the xiang ke, right, suppose, if you look at the xiang ke, but however, if you turn this way, oh, because it's arrow go to one, go to the other, enter, I receive, right, doesn't matter receive, it's over receive, or under receive, I still receive, what's that mean for you guys, I know I go too fast, but I think you guys can handle it, if you cannot handle it, you better go back to review the whole thing, what's the guideline, we say, everything happens for a reason, and the reason must be for good, can you see the good, that's the three guidelines, you have to repeat and repeat, repeat again, everything happens for a reason, right, so learn, coming in, so the reason must be for good, control, cooperation, doesn't matter which words you use, xiang ke, purpose for xiang ke is for good, only different levels, only problems because we as the main, we make mistake, because we discriminate, we are not following the natural cost, this relationship of the balance, then the body show the condition, but however, from the yin yang concept, for the xiang sheng xiang ke concept, they don't discriminate them, they just say that is one kind relationship, you better consider, you better understand, you better apply it, so into this concept, what do you see, you see so many things, even they are the yin, they still has the yang, even they are the yang, they still is the yin, depending on the situation, depending on the situation, so for example, I give you an example, right, again, if we use the kidney, the kidney goes to the liver, that's the yin because it's coming in, right, the lung goes to the liver, it's what, it's the xiang ke, it's the yang, but both coming in, still is yin and yang, because one pair, that turn as the pair, they can be the same time, they can be the different time, if you look at it at the same time, it's the pair, it's the pair, that means what, when I look at my liver, I look, I have two yin and yang, both come to me at the same time, one come from the kidney, one come from the lung, right, one is the yin, one is the yang, you see that, what I try to tell you guys, that's called the yin-yang concept, it's next level complicated, because we haven't really getting in this kind of study yet, because the yin-yang changes the entire relationship of the entire framework, but they don't change, they just give you different angles, allow you to see this materialized and the non-materialized, the relationship, the body parts, you see, the first chart, the body part, you don't have to put their name, first, you guys have to remember, I give you homework, I already said, you guys have to play this, you have to play this so many times, until yours, otherwise it's not, otherwise it's not yours, right, otherwise it's not yours, you have to, if you love this kind of concept, if you want to apply this concept, you better put effort into it, there are no accidents, why I say that there are no accidents, again, because most of you is western, you are not Chinese, most of you, so in the bloodline level, you don't have this bloodline, your bloodline is not based on the yin-yang concept, take earth to heal yourself, your bloodline is western bloodline, then why in this life, and you are interested in this kind of concept, do you know what that means? Usually, there are no accidents, you'll be able to explain, because at the spiritual level, before you're born, you already know at the age, at the time, you are going to receive, you are going to meet the one of the Chinese deliver boy, he's a deliver guy, I'm not a boy anymore, deliver guy, he's going to deliver this personal package for me, that's why, I'm giving your personal package to you, without your signature, right, the L, I'm received, I know you all received it, either you toss out, or you put it under the pillow and sleep on it, anyway, that's not my business, I deliver that, I fulfill my destiny, do you understand? I can go back to cash out my credit, anyway, that's the one, the yin-yang, right, so when one day, when we have time, if I have a chance, we will go deeper, try to truly understand this yin-yang concept, right, that's the other beauty of this, so that's why in the Chinese medicine, why say yin-yang, it's the fundamental laws of the entire universe, right? Fundamental laws, everything can be applied, so here, as in the other angle, we haven't discussed yet, which is the meridians, energy body, right, because we apply this for healing, we apply this for human body, and therefore, the human body parts, livers, hearts, stomach, and lungs, and kidneys, the body parts, always related to physical body parts, and energetic body parts, you have one energetic body, which is called meridians, once you apply this meridians concept into the human body, then space and time changes, the meridian has a meridian's time, meridian has a meridian's space, meridian runs through the body, and the different locations, and the changing entire concept, so that's why you might be able to see why, when the Chinese says, the liver associated with the tendon, and the liver associated with the eye, that's not a physical connection, it's an energetic connection, it's a meridian connection, okay? So, they are very important, because this part we haven't touched yet, because that would be too much for this course, otherwise I'm gonna stuck here with you, I know you get bored, you don't want to listen to me too much, come on, hurry up, finish, I need to go buy the chocolate bunny, you know, today's Saturday, I know, the line-up people, some chocolate store, local chocolate store, always line-up today, so anyway, that's different issues, right? Anyway, the meridians part, we haven't touched yet, that's another beauty, I love the meridians, because, why I love them, is they are so many secrets, so many secrets, you know, hasn't discovered yet, thinking this way, right? If we agree, human body is a microcosm of the universe, how big is the universe? How big is it? We don't know, right? So, if we don't know how big is the universe, then you don't know how big is your human body, it's exactly the same, because every body part has a counterpart outside your body, where are they? The only way to discover is through the chi, through the meridians, right? But you cannot do the materialized level, you cannot send the body to the lab, you know, try to cut it, try to see it, you're gonna see nothing, we know, the modern science already tell you, once you penetrate down until where they see the subatomic level, it's nothing, all they show is interrelationship of the energy. Why bother, why have to go through this, Chinese already tell you, it's a chi, it's a feel of the chi, it's a feel of the chi, it's a quality of your chi, so your chi, your personal chi becomes so important. Then your personal chi is what? It's not just your chi, until today, you guys should figure out this one, your personal chi, your liver chi, your lung chi, it's not your chi, right? It's the element outside you, it's the element of the nature, it's the element of the universe, penetrate down to us.

So the course until today, until this time, I truly wish each one of you, I'm not trying to confuse you, I try to make you proud of yourself, even though you screw up so deeply, you still receive this unconditional love from the universe. Why? Your counterpart, your counterpart is at the universe, is in God's hands playing, and you only play here, you think you can do it, and you go to the practitioner, they manipulate to take it out, and then they watch you, come on, why you do these things? Can you imagine one day you go back to the heaven, go through the security line, they check it, you're missing the body part, you better go down, something is not complete, sorry doctor, it's all the way, oh my goodness, anyway, that's a joke, right? But there's a fun way, but you're never thinking this way, if you're thinking this way, you wouldn't do this, right? So anyway, so what did we discover today? I know I talk too much, you know, a whole, how many, almost hours, right, hours, I try to put this back to the circle again, you see, what I try to tell you guys, at the beginning, first class, when we say information, knowledge, system, then it's wisdom. Information, at the first class, knowledge, I tell you, they are all connected, we're learning the knowledge, right, we're learning in these five elements, it has all the relationship, Xiangsheng, Xiangke, mother, child, control, transformation in young Marines, goodness, you learn a lot, right, that's knowledge.

What is the system? The system is what I learned from my master. This system is here through this angle, let us see these things differently, because you can study five element framework from philosophy angle, you can study the five element just from element level, but you can study the five element from all these Yin, Yang, consciousness, different levels, and put it together as the circle. The circle is the key, it's our system, our green dragon systems, one of the unique, because we must be follow the Tao, follow the Tao's concept, everything is a circle, you have to be complete as a circle.

So, until now, we covered the basic, I still call it basic, right, because it's a level, I know, we are into the chaos, chaos, it is five element, it is a chaos of theories, you guys are truly understanding, you'll be amazing, you are studying the modern science, and with the simple language. You should be proud of yourself, you know, you know these things, you really can play many different things, to understand many different things, to understand when you try to study for healing, right, you say I'm wonderful healing, how do you start? Which framework you want to use? So, you can do, you can start from many different kind of framework, many different kind of stuff, it's all based on how much they understand the relationship between you with your disease, you with your conditions, you with your natures, you with your souls, with your chief, right? You see that, this everything has to be in the one big part of the circle, you cannot put it out, so therefore, for each one of us, right, need to put effort into this framework, study it, play it, and become yours, apply it, not just for language, not this, you cannot hang in here to show people, oh, I reward, I receive the five elements, consciousness concept, come on, who knows what it is, you should apply this, make you different, make you feel different, make you look different, right? I know people want to just look different, they don't care to feel different, you want to both, a little bit greedy, right, because you know, if you follow the natural law, body never lie, your body will never let you down, why? Your body just as the mirror of the universe, just a microcosm of the microcosm, right? So you have to see this part, which is through this part, and through the course, and help you understand. I think I covered it, almost, almost, right, and the second modules of what we, what do you guys get? I think I delivered everything, right, four package, I didn't hold something, four package, only in the yin yang concept, yin yang concept, how to apply in the meridians, how to apply, hasn't discussed, but that's another promise in this way.

So down the road, one day, if I have a chance, we can continue, right? So in this part, you covered it, you all have to continue, play this, study this, try to understand, otherwise, next, we'll go to this, module three is application, apply this concept for the reality, for the basic condition, basic, whatever called the situation, then you will confuse, but the whole work you have to do, okay? That's it, we can open up for the questions, I know. All right, so who has digested all of this and has no question? Wow, you know, every time you talk, it just, it takes my blackboard, if you will, on it, it erases it, and it starts it all over again, there's so much within the relationships to, anyway, questions, Joanna? Hi, good morning, Master Liu, good morning, everybody. I had a question. 

So when you try to apply this, right, you said, okay, you need to form the circle to apply or you need to create that loop. Let's say I have a liver imbalance, do I, which other, because there's so many different options, right, to create the loop, how do I know which one will be the answer? Do I pull in other organs that I feel like maybe are also affected, or do I pull in the ones that seem more balanced because they might be stronger? Very good question, and the question is, how do you pull it in? Is it based on the knowledge which you learn or based on the older habit which you have? Think what I say. One is a habit. 

Your habit is that I want to see the good, I'm always to see the bad. See, depending on how you want to see, you will believe of yourself, you will believe of illness and disease, it's all the habit, right? So you're learning this, I'm trying to give you a new habit. I'm trying to help you see. 

Can you see the good? Can you form different angles to see? But it doesn't matter. At the beginning, it doesn't matter. Beginning, you have to apply for all the circles.

Like, just see, oh, I can form this angle, I can form this angle, I can form this, because it gives you an opportunity to see what's different. You have to ask the question. You have to ask the real question. 

That question is coming from you, not coming from the head. Because it comes from you, you will say, wow, I have a little issue. How do I bring the circle? You can bring the circle based on the mother-child, you can bring the circle based on the Xiang Sheng Xiang Ke, you can base on the circle of the entire loop, right? They call it a circle. 

So what circle makes sense? They all make sense. Otherwise, it cannot be the circle. Does the circle make sense in your minds or in the reality? We'll just go back to what I said again and again.

Bottom line later, it all depends on the level of who you are. So the level of who you are, you have to discover yourself. You have to discover your comfortable technique, or your confident concept.

The level later is all based on your qi and the faith, the faith between you and the Five Elements framework. Understand what I say? It's a faith. It's not easy. 

It's not easy because the faith that we often say, oh, I have a faith to try to build with a spear or build my faith to someone else. Not many people say, I have to build my faith with my car. You build a lot of faith to your car, right? Every time you get it in, you always put the seat belt or you don't put the seat belt. 

If you don't put the seat belt, that's a faith. That's not my time. I'm not going to die today. 

So you have to see this part. Excuse me. This part we haven't discussed yet. 

So that's the next level, which is module three. We're going to take a real case. I'm going to play this so we let you see. 

If I use this circle, if I use this circle, what is the outcome? How do we see it? Okay. Yeah. Thank you for that. 

I think that makes a lot of sense. I think so far I was very focused on the negative or what is wrong. And today, as you were talking, I was like, wait a minute, maybe there's another way.

That's right. It's taken me, I said, it's taken me how many years? I only changed this, you know, in these 10 years. Before everything, what I do is the same thing. 

Based on the negative, based on illness, disease, right? Based on this, until I reach a certain level, I have a confidence of my skill, my thing. Then my master said, now you have, it's time to change. Yeah. 

Thank you. You're welcome. Any other questions? Master Liu, do we limit ourselves? I know when we first begin to understand, we try and understand the function of each organ and the relationships. 

But if we mainly look at the Shang-Shen relationship, do we limit our outcomes rather than going to Shang-Ke? No, you don't limit that. You just have to apply this, that, even though in this Shang-Shen relationship still has many different levels. So that's why I say the Shang-Shen is based on the one goes to the other. 

The one we see will go to the other. One is their duty to support the other. Right? So that's why they call the Chinese literally translated to the mother child. 

It's the mother's duty. It's a mother's duty to let their child to grow. That's the duty.

So that how to grow is based on how do we want to see, right? Child abuse is also a part of growth, just a different angle in different society. That's illegal. And then the other society, maybe, maybe, but we don't know yet.

Right? So therefore difficult to say that this part, just have to say, it's one easy thing. In these five elements, Shang-Shen concept is give us, it's liver, from liver to the heart, it's a Shang-Shen relationship. It's liver's duty, give the everything when the heart need.

Right? However, doesn't mean the liver knows how to balance itself. If a liver out of balance themselves, abuse herself, how much she can give it to the heart, she still will give it to the heart. But to give it to the heart can be wrong concept. 

Right? When I think about it, when someone say, I help you, but that person helping person already under a lot of fear, do they help or they add more fear? Right? She will see this part. Good morning, Rosalie. Good morning, Elaine and Dr. Lu and everyone.

This may be more of a, of a philosophical question. I don't know. I've been trained in multiple disciplines, an exquisite five element acupuncture background.

Nearly 30 years I've been in practice and as a Western healthcare practitioner, nearly 40 years in the field of anesthesiology. I feel many days like I know nothing and I know everything. It's that dichotomy of being in that space.

And I love working with human people. The human tribe is my thing. But what my question is this. 

So, as we're talking about the, the, the mindset, the Chinese philosophy, imagery, the characters, which I've been trying to interpret for many decades. The language itself is so challenging to me, like Latin and French and other languages I can resonate with. But the, the, the, the, the sounds of the different tones, I'm very much challenged by.

My question, though, is this, is there a universal tone to this medicine? So, I was in a, a Land Rover in the deep mountains of Southern Greece in the mountains with my visiting on a family trip back to the ancestral village. And one of my relatives, many of them are Greek Orthodox nuns. And one of them was getting a little car sick. 

And I happened to look over and, and she was pressing on what I know now is large intestine four. But I didn't know that world at this time. But here I am deep in the mountains in Southern Greece with a, with a rather aged relative who's practicing acupuncture, acupressure on herself for a car sickness.

And, and I know just from my reading and studying and respect for this work that there are Vietnamese traditions and French traditions. And there, I think there's a universal language of this somehow that speaks to itself. I guess I want your, your thoughts, your feedback on that.

What is the one line, the real question is what? Does it have one sound related? Hmm, I don't, I don't know how to explain this because then it will take hours to finish this. Because once opened this wound, it is difficult to close. Hmm, okay.

The tradition, right? Even though today, that's what we do today. Today, the Chinese language, you have four tones, right? So four tones, you have to do the four tones. In the ancient time, they don't have four tones. 

They only have two tones. What's that mean? That means in many words, the tone should change everything. Even vocabulary, vocabulary can be different because the tone is the same thing. 

So the master will manipulate the different vocabulary into the same tones and try to tell you. So that's why the beauty of the Dao, the Zhuanzi, the second master of the Laozi, he really tried to show us he played this game because Dao is unspoken. So in order to spoke unspoken, he must use this, all of this kind of magic words and try to let you see what did he say? He say nothing, but he still say something.

So that's why it's very difficult. They say nothing is something, something is nothing. Then what do you try to say? He say, I say nothing. 

So why you say nothing if you say, I say, I say nothing, but I still say something. So that's why it's difficult. It's difficult to get this part. 

This part, in my opinion, is a hidden, is a real hidden in the culture, in the wisdom part. It's a hidden. It's a hidden.

The second one is because the Chinese language, unlike any kind of language in the whole world, only Chinese, other languages, because any vocabulary, most like English, I don't know the other language, they all have many different, many different, how do they call it, like tones. It's not the tones, like one word, how do they say, like a transformation, right? I use a transformation, but the inside that you have a two or three to what they call the, what they call, how do we call this? Like, I have, like, I don't know English now. Like, yes, yes, it's one tone. 

That's all the Chinese language, only one tone, one, one main character, which is one main words. It doesn't have two things add on. Just like the xiangsheng, right? I use the xiang, you see that the part of the words, I only can use this as the, right? You see that the xiangsheng is two words, right? So xiang would be X-I-A-N-G.

So in this way, AI, there's only one tone. They don't add two. They are only one, how to call it, the main, each words only one main sounds. 

They don't add two together, not like a xiangsheng become, xiangsheng is two words. Each words only have one specific tone. I don't know how to call this English concept.

Would it be pronunciation? Would that be a? No, each one, and they are only have, how to call them? Syllables. How to call? Syllables. Syllables, right, syllables. 

There's only one main Chinese one, there's only one. They are not two. So therefore make it easy to manipulate them because it's one. 

It's one. Unlike any language, they might have a two and it become one word. Chinese always has one, one. 

There's always one added there. Then once this adding in, now they can manipulate. It's so unusual.

So then therefore, the ancient particularly, all of these like five elements, that's ancient time, ancient language, xiangke, at that time, how do you know it's exactly that kind of translation? That's why I don't want to open this kind of wall, right? That's a totally different concept behind. And particularly, if you do that one more kind of different culture, different culture has a different body. A body might look the same thing. 

I will only put the body might look the same thing. Because the Maria's different will allow you to pronounce the ancient certain sounds coming up. The sounds are associated with the culture, with a specific Maria's vibration. 

That's a completely different course. So based on which sound you can pronounce it. So that's why I can use a sound for healing. 

Why? It's a vibration. You don't have this Maria's or this Maria's. You might have a certain Maria's, but that Maria's has a different, how to call it, different character or different quality.

Resonance? No, quality. It's a quality. It's a quality of your Maria's. 

So therefore, that Maria's doesn't come out a certain sound. For example, the violin with the cello, it's the same thing. Look, only size is different, but the frequency can be totally different, right? You see that? It's the same thing. 

I play the violin while the cello comes out a different sound, but different frequency because it can have something different. The Maria's around the soul are totally different. Then different Maria's will come to sound, come to the soul, will allow you to manipulate the certain sounds for different culture. 

So then therefore, now use a good positive, then therefore, the more language you can speak, the better you are. Because what? You just look at the language, it become Marian exercise. Wow.

Okay. Thank you. You're welcome.

We're going to have to practice rolling our R's. Transformed to you because at the consciousness level, you never can get it. So we need a Chinese class. 

So, so far we have so many people here can speak Chinese. If they are willing to create the invisible credit, they should try to do this service. Sounds good. 

We'll work on that next. Okay. All right, master. 

Do it. No more questions today. Gave us again a lot to think about and to study.

Wonderful. So you guys can. Yeah, I know you can all taste us as sweet chakri as today, this weekend. 

Enjoy that. Why do not thinking chakri will cause you a diabetic. Don't worry about the sweet is the best for the liver function.

So, right. So I'll help you guys do the homework name possible. We're going to next class. 

Start a new journey. All right. You are all get the B plus.

All right. Bye. Bye.

Hello, everybody. Where did you go? Bye.