Good morning, good morning, everybody. Great to be with you once again. How many weeks is this now? What do you think, Ann, it's about eight, nine? I think this might be 10 now.

Today's 10? Nine. Awesome. Yes, it's been a fabulous review.

I know for myself, just going back and listening to the recordings and then playing Master Liu's audio, it's really put together a complete package. So today we have a topic that is near and dear to my heart. It is sleep.

So we're going to move on and see how do we apply so much of the teachings that we've been learning. And Master Liu's going to start with sleep. So how many people here have difficulty sleeping? Raise your hand.

That's what we want to see. How many? So count fast. See your regular hand.

You don't have to wave your hand, just. Yeah. So this is what we see the average of what's the, what's the percentage in this group.

So therefore the least that we understand how deep I can go there. Or you might get some benefit for yourself only or first, put it this way. Wow.

It's a lot or nobody. It's quite a bit of people. Yes.

How many people have disturbed sleep? Let's put it that way. Wait, just raise your physical hand. You have, you fall asleep or you wake up in the middle of the night or you're in a light sleep and you're thinking about everything about during the day.

No, it's my cat calls, or my dog calls. It doesn't look like many people. We're pretty good, right? Okay.

A couple of people. All right. So we have a wealth of stuff going on.

Some can't go to sleep. Some go to sleep. Some wake up from their sleep.

All right. Go ahead, Masa. Doesn't matter.

You go to sleep or you don't go to sleep. Right? Or we can say the 99% of people never know how to use sleep. You waste.

Put it this way. 99% of the people. Right? So you think of this way.

Excuse me. Why when we do any kind of martial arts, any kind of study, you never catch up the master. You spend 30% of the time to the bed and sleep.

And the master can during the sleep and still practice. Think about it. Like how to use the one of the most, the most comprehensive practice between your body and your consciousness and your spirit.

Think this way. Then when you can really see your unconsciousness and your spirit and the lead you. And the way you have opportunity, taste, taste beyond the time and the space.

Right? And the way you have opportunity to real beat up the somebody you really have issues and without the feel guilty. And then you wake up. That's just a dream.

How good is. Then only difference. Can you reach the level in between you beat somebody and the next day he say, Oh, my rib cage hurts.

And you know, at the night, you just kick the area. Right? And it matches. Matches.

So why I say that this way, right? So remember when the whole course, we call the consciousness of five elements. We say the purpose of the consciousness is what? Purpose. Purpose.

Everything's the chi. The chi has a consciousness and the consciousness has a purpose. Purpose.

So then therefore, each one of us come to this class, we are learning. We are not just try to grab in the information. If you want, then you shouldn't come here.

You can go to the internet and you know, anywhere you can get enough information, but you won't get some like this kind of class. And to show you how to make this information or knowledge become practical way and you can use, right? You don't. So how do we use this? Otherwise it's just knowledge, just information.

Because we want to use this five element framework. The consciousness of a five element framework to make our own life more profound. Because everything happens for a reason, right? It's the reason.

It's the reason our life exists. It's the reason your life continues. Reason.

Even though you don't like it. Even though you have so many difficulty from the physical to emotions. Difficult.

But your life continues. Right? Every morning when you wake up, it's a groundhog day. Start over again, right? If you don't know what I say, I think most of you know that movies, right? Every morning we wake up, oh, again, again.

Until one day you're enlightened and it changes. They're called SSDD. But we don't want it this way.

We want to break through. So how can we break through? And how can we use the inherited wisdom? What's called the inherited wisdom? And come with, come with the package of the life. So since we've done this course at the now, now we go to the level three now, right? You are not a beginner anymore.

You are level three. You are level three is how to apply. You should know the basic concept.

What is the basic concept? You are not alone. The basic concept is what? Everything happen for reason. Your life, your body, your consciousness.

There's always beyond what you can see. Visible and invisible. Beyond is the body.

Invisible is what? Is your chi. Is your consciousness. Is the pattern beyond the time and space.

Outside of you. Hanging there. And still function.

So your body just become in one kind of machine be controlled, controlled by outside universe. Then if that things happens, one of the most profound concept is what? Purpose. Life need a purpose, right? Life need a purpose.

But we need this body. Does anyone say, I don't need a body. Oh, I can lie down and just use my mind, create everything.

Come on. Have you seen anyone can do that? Not many. Even Jesus has two different way.

Even Buddha has to do that. Even Lao Tzu has to do that. Cannot just say, I use my mind.

Can create it. Yes, they create. But the physical body still exist for purpose.

In order this physical body exist for purpose, then the one of the most profound system, we are download inherited from this genetic codes. But outside, outside physical body is what? It's a self healing. It's a self repair.

It's different, right? The body can heal itself. This concept is based on the system. System itself contain the wisdom can do these things.

And when, the way you're going to have this opportunity to repair your body, it's not like your car every 3000 miles. So now the new car once a year, you have to send in, change oil. They do for you.

It's not once a year you go to your doctors. They do. They don't let you check.

They don't repair you. See, they find the problem. You have to do the homework.

You have to repair this body in order the body can help your mind, your spirit to fulfillment your destiny. So repair system is inherited. Then the sleep is the only, only the activity for most people.

I say most people, right? What's called another most people. The only few masters reach the level. They are 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

They don't have to. They constantly body will do this. But for us, we are not reached that level.

Our five element framework, our five organs not reach the self represent itself. Self is the loop constantly 24 hours a day, seven days a week repair. We relied on the activity of the sleep.

We are relied on the quality of more sleep because we need this event to repair the body. I think each one of you know that in the class where we talk about in and out, the daytime is in, out. The nighttime is in.

Moving is in, out. Not moving is in. So when you sleep, are you moving or not moving? Now think of this way.

Your physical body doesn't move. Your mind continue to move, right? Your consciousness continue to move, right? So that's why they say you never sleep because your consciousness never sleep. So remember when I tell you guys put the Laozi and Zhuanzi book under your pillow because what? You never sleep.

Your consciousness can read. Can read beyond the vocabulary because they are beyond the time and the space. They know how to digest wisdoms, not digest information.

So that's why the sleeping is the most profound concept of events if we want stop natural healing. If we want to say I would like take responsibility for my own life, own health, and own healing. Then that is the first step you must accomplish and you must reach the level, the level can allow your body enter self-repair.

Systems, otherwise that system always be interrupted. Can you imagine you do something in the middle of this someone come? What do you say? Wait a minute, right? You tell them wait, you have to finish, right? So repair system is the same thing. The quality of the repair also is the same thing.

So we learned that these five elements associate the five different organs. Different organs has what? Has a different chi, has a different consciousness, has different purpose. Name therefore, their repair system, their repair time, space, and energy is different.

Name even when I say time, right? You understand the time. The time is not just based on our time. The time also can be based on the natural time.

The natural time is meaning what? Natural time, why I talk about this? Does anyone have an experience of why almost every night you wake up at midnight? If you go to sleep, night cup, you still wake up at 11 or one o'clock or some people every day almost, they wake up at three o'clock or four o'clock around this time. So if you don't know this, I think the first day we say that, the one of the charts, each organ relate the time, you better look at it. You better look at the chart, look at this framework to find out why at that time you wake up.

What's happening? Energy deficient, right? Just like a suddenly you don't have a power, then light is off. So if a body suddenly doesn't have a power, what's going on? The engine doesn't processing, then you wake up. Then the repair system until this time stopped, you wake up.

So the sleeping becomes so important, so important. That's the first, first, right? So first, natural healing ability. So we have three, I say basic, basic life processing, life requirement for health.

Number one, I say number one is the sleep, right? The sleeping is the number one. Then elimination is number two. Then diet, eating is the number three.

So the people, as of today, we turn upside down. We put the eating is the number one. How to eat, what to eat.

So that's why everybody based on the eating, make a business. All the business, all the store is to sell food, let you eat. Can you imagine a store to sell the way how to make you sleep? That'd be huge difference, right? Instead of store sell the product, store become like a bed.

You just go there, lie down, they let you out, put in like a car, let you sleep for two hours, three minutes, 10 minutes, based on the quality you want to pay. Oh, that'd be amazing. You're tired, just go to the store.

They lie down, they jack it up, put it in. Five minutes, recharge, you're fresh. Wow, that'd be amazing, right? It's a new project for, I think it may be, you know, 50 years later, something will happen.

This kind of concept instead go to store, buy the water, you just go to store, sleep, right? Recharge. The eating, we turn upside down. Make a fool is the most important.

Instead of thinking sleep is the most important. Because the fool is what? Is energy, right? Based on what we say, everything is the chi. Everything's the energy.

Everything's energy. So the energy can change. The fool can change, right? The fool is energy.

So if you have a quality of the energy, why worry about so much of the fool? So don't worry about that part. That part we're gonna go later. Today, we're gonna focus on sleep, the D most important.

Why we need it, I say, because that is the most important concept in the Chinese medicine. But I forget about the talk about the spiritual processing, right, the qigong practice. That's all, I'm not talking about this level, I just talk about the physical level, because body can heal, it is a repair.

So the entire Chinese medicine, the high level practice, the doctor always looking for, how can I stimulate the patient's self-repair system? Then therefore, they can do the job, I get a benefit, right? Have you heard of this? You go to the doctor, say, wow, this doctor is so good. You know, genius. I go to the other doctor a few times and never fix the problem, goes to her, one treatment done.

I say, she's just lucky, because when you catch a cold, first day, second day, you can continue to change doctor, no one can fix, until the seventh day, you just walk in, she just give you a kiss. Oh no, she cannot give you a kiss, that's against the law, it's here. She just give you one cup of the tea, fixed, why? Because the natural process in your organ has to change, until that day, you meet the requirement of the natural law, or she just give you a one cup, one kiss.

Now you think she has a skill, no, because she just knows today is the seven days. Doesn't matter, the sun gonna coming up, the condition just gonna gone, because it's natural process, just like a hay fever, right? Now the season, hay fever come. Symptoms is look like you catch a cold, allergy, but that kind of symptoms never go too deep, unlike other kind of cold, they can cause the bronchitis, cause the very serious issue.

Hay fever never cause the serious issue, just cause the itchy eyes, uncomfortable for couple weeks, and then suddenly, boom, they gone, consciously. That's the same, that's called the concept, called the time, and the natural time. So now we think about, we go back to the sleeping, it's a concept.

So the concept is during this time, the body must meet the requirement. Okay, while we talk about this, now you know your sleeping is very important, right? Even though you don't have a sleeping issue, even you don't have an issue, but you still have an issue. What are the issues? You don't know how to use these great opportunity and go to the next level, right? Because that is the time your body can repair, your body can repair itself, right? So how to provide this opportunity to allow the body to repair is very important.

Now let me go back to the beginning. We assuming has an issue, right? We assuming has an issue. Now we have to do that, based on this kind of issue, Eastern, Western concept.

You're a doctor, you're a professional, someone already tell you what is the in the Western minds or concept of your sleeping issue. That's what we see. What do we see at the Western way? I wanna each one of you think about it, where you heard it, you go to diagnosis.

It's another disease, right? Sleeping issue is not a disease, it's just a condition. They are not a disease and they are not illness, but they are just one kind of natural processing turned into the unnatural. You cannot treat it as a disease.

It's just treating your out of balance. So how does the Western way thinking associated for which organ? I give you two minutes, each one of you should write down this, should have this kind of, so therefore, I'm not continue talking, we can have some kind of dialogue, some kind of concept. What do you think? What's happening, particularly for you guys, if you have experience of difficulties? Hey guys, in this class, in the level three now, you should know, you should bring your notebook.

I'm not like, write down this, sorry, this new way, very difficult to do this kind of way. I just talk, so you guys should write down the least something, right? Okay. What do you got? What do they say in the Western way? They say relate the most for what? When you go to do the sleeping treatment, what do they give it to you? If anyone find they have a sleeping issues, what do you get? Most of the people, right? What do they do? They put something mask to your, not a mask, right? They give you a, what they give it to you? They give you something to help your brain.

Oxygen, they give you extra oxygen, they think your brain doesn't have enough oxygen. So therefore, you should carry this to breathe. So when you look like your breathing issue is oxygen, you don't get enough oxygen, so therefore your brain have less oxygen.

Your brain have less blood flow. The blood doesn't go there. The oxygen doesn't go there.

I think definitely someone, they will study, they show that all the chemical out of balance, hormone out of balance, but all of this is not a cost. All of this is effect, it's not a cost. You can continue adding in this.

Does it help? Yes, help a little bit, but you never can be cured because your body continue create these out of balance issues. So all you see is effect. All the test is to show the effect.

The brain wave, the oxygen level, the breathe, the heart rate, all of this is effect. It means this body system, so we say the five element system is out of balance. Okay, now we just based on the Western concept.

We put this Western concept into the five element framework, pull the five element framework up. What do we see? In the first chart, we say brain. The brain in Chinese medicine is called actual organs.

They are organs, but not belong to five elements, but they also belong to, has associated with elements. So which organ can control the brain? Well, you also, I wouldn't say control, which organ has a relationship with brain. Right now, come on, do the homework, do it immediately now.

So you guys should do it this way. Instead, I continue talk. You supposed to, should be able, so that's why I say do the homework.

If you don't, you have a first chart. We say the major one is what? The kidney, right? The kidney can go to the brain. The water, the kidney can go to the brain.

The heart, often related to the brain. Here, still doesn't see, in Chinese medicine, the other angle, which is the last time we say that in the five elements, the meridians system I haven't introduced to you guys. Because all the major meridians, the two of the major meridians go to the head.

One is the bladder, one is gallbladder. Then also, we can say all the young meridians, young meridians, so which means the small intestines, the stomachs, larger intestines, they are all, even san jiao here, doesn't have the san jiao, right? They are all running to the brain, to the head. So which means how many highways, think each meridians is a highway, truck go through this brain is the city.

You have one city, now you have six, or we can say seven major highways coming in. Now you think, if I have a traffic jam, what's happening? What kind of combination can coming out? Any meridians, any one meridians, or combination meridians have a qi deficiency or qi function disorder can cause you the brain function disorder. So if your brain function disorder, how can you have a peaceful night? How can you have a peaceful sleep? We can, right? So that'd be difficult now, right? So even though we say, okay, now I'm gonna do based on the Western concept in our framework, this five element framework.

How do we deal with it? How do we deal with it? Well, I can deal the individually, I can deal the individually, the organ, right? I can deal the heart. So we're gonna deal the heart. So how do we deal the heart? But we cannot deal the heart, because in Chinese medicine say the heart is the king.

King is untouchable. So you cannot deal the heart. So you only can deal the relationship with the heart.

The partner of the heart, you can deal with the mother. The mother of the heart is what? It's the liver. Or you can deal the child of the heart.

It's the what? It's your stomach. You have a choice. You can let the child take care of the mother, which is very difficult in today, because everybody, child, all the child has issues, physical issue and the mental issue.

Your digest system for the heart, the child is what? It's the stomach and the spleen. Then what kind of diet will we have? What kind of things will we eat? Can we do that? Almost difficult, right? But it's possible. So therefore, you can say, let me start my digestive system.

So therefore, you can go to the digestive system, make your stomach function change. How do you do it? How do you change? Based on the natural law. So that's why I say that each element, each organ has the natural law.

So what is the natural law of the stomach? They love warm, hate the cold. So that's why in our Dragon's Ways Qigong, the program, we say, do not eat the raw food. Do not have a cold drink.

Why? If you constantly put the cold and the raw to the digestive system, how can they function right? If they cannot function right, then what's that means? That means the stomach or chow of the heart will draw the more tensions of the mother. You cannot deal with that, right? Then how can mother have a peaceful mind? How can heart be peaceful? Then you can have a good sleep. You cannot.

And therefore, at night, the meal, at the nighttime, the dinner, do not eat heavy dinners. Do not eat big, heavy dinners. But today is the life.

The dinner is the most important, right? Lunch, we are busy. In the morning, just go. And the dinner, now sit, drink, and eat.

So your dinner get full. Now all the energy has to go to the stomach, to the processing. So then how much energy will you send to the heart? Send it to the brain? Then how much energy will give it to the heart? Okay, so we see.

That's one possible. So if you say, I'm going to start heal myself, I'm starting my first step of the self-healing, you can go to the one, or you can go to the mother of the heart, which is the liver, right? We said the liver is this organ control all the stress, all the emotional activity, right? So you have all the emotional activity. So now you have to look at yourself.

How much emotional activity every day, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, bothers you? So if your liver surrounded by stress, when I say the stress, it's a mental stress, right? Not just a physical stress. Then that means your liver function never reach the stage, can real support or nourish to the heart. When the mother is so busy, so crazy, and run out of energy, how much energy or tension she can give it to the child? Well, child still can grow, but just not to grow perfectly.

So we find that, okay. So if you say, my diet is perfect, I eat organic food, but doesn't mean you eat organic food, you are perfect, right? Just give you say, you can put it in, doesn't mean you absorb. That's a different issue, we are not talk about this.

Here, I'm just let you see what's called the possibilities you still need to put up, possibilities to see what's going on and what we can chose. How do we chose this kind of pairs, right? Now you say, individually, we can do this way, or now we go to the second step. How can we make a team effort, right? That's a nice fancy vocabulary.

It's a team effort, that's right. Which one you make it a team? So you pick up the liver and the stomach and the heart together. So we make a team effort, right? So I decreasing my mental stress, I straining my stomach function, now my sleeping quality optimizing will change.

Or you have any other kind of team effort. So which means you can pour the water, which is the kidney and the heart, that's a relationship. Because we know if a heart has too much fire, you need the water, right? So how can you increasing the water levels? How can you increasing the kidney functions? Be useless, don't be too useful.

When you be useless, you save the energy, right? Because we say the kidney is the engine, it's the power, give it everything, whole body. Whole body is the energy required from the kidney. As the business model, we say kidney is a COO.

Therefore, if not necessary, I don't wanna do, right? Save your energy, then you'll be able to increasing your kidney function. Now here's the issue, right? If, well, I'm not add one thing, right? For a lot of people, so if you already on the different kind of medication, so you have to understand the medication might destroy or might stimulate or might limit your kidney function or liver function. So if I based on this two concept, look at the chart, what do you see? You see the entire new relationship, right? You see the kidney cannot be support the heart.

And then the kidney cannot support the liver. And the liver cannot support the heart. So if I do the kidney, heart and the liver in this triangles, I create a different triangles, right? Understand that what I try to tell you guys, that's called all the possibility at the day.

Now, if I found in the other information, which is in the Western way, say, is unrelated to your hormone out of balance. Hormone out of balance, right? The hormone. So in the Chinese medicine, which organ control? Which organ is the primary organ control the entire body's the whole? It's not a heart.

It's the liver and the kidney. Most likely it's the liver, right? Think about it. Each one of you have experienced when your emotional flow free, does your hormone change? Come on, doesn't matter your age.

If you're exciting, if you're happy, if you feel good, your hormone will change. The most faster way is through the liver. So that's why the liver, so unique, so powerful.

They can stimulate it. Your strength can stimulate your hormone, better than any kind of medication. Because it's invisible, because it's the chi, right? Because the liver can change, liver has a capability, even though you cut off the liver for 60%, they still can grow back.

Look at that kind of power. You cannot cut your heart for 60%. Even put the one strain there, you feel you don't have energy now.

You cannot cut your lungs for 60%. Then you shut off the, you cannot breathe anymore. Only liver, you can do it this way, right? Still can grow back.

So therefore you have to see this apart, right? That's what I just say, based on the Western concept. Now I'm turning to different angle to you guys, follow me. Let me show you how to turn Eastern angle.

What is the Eastern angle? Consciousness. The consciousness is a Chinese medicine, it's essence. So we say, if you cannot sleep, sleeping issue, right? Sleeping issue has many different way.

The first way is sleeping, means your body off the balance, right? It's off the balance. So if I can bring you back to the balance, you would be easier sleep, smoothly sleep. It's a balance.

Daytime and nighttime is what? It's a balance. It's Yin and Yang. You see the powerful of the Yin-Yang can use now? Now the Yin-Yang principles in this sleeping concept, what do you see? Balance.

Daytime and the nighttime. Action, motion, moving, and the lie down on the bed is Yin and Yang. It is Yin and Yang, right? So how to balance, which is exactly, how to balance? So don't think the Western way now is related to the heart.

It's a thing about how can I start the balance? As long as my body can balance, my body can start heal itself. Now go back to the same concept again, called the repair. The body knows how to repair.

The repair itself is a package deal, is inherited wisdom. Body will do whatever needed to do to repair itself. To what? To prepare the future, the challenge.

Understand what I tried to tell you guys? Because the body always looking for tomorrow, unlike the mind always stuck in the past. So your body always knows the tomorrow, or day after tomorrow, or year after years. The future, you might need something else.

Your challenge, your life, you need to repair this body part. You need to repair these emotions. Then when you meet this challenge, you'll be able to deal with it.

You'll be able to avoid mistake. So the balance is the key words. So the Yin Yang concept and the circle become so profound in the Chinese medicine, so profound in our five element consciousness balance.

So once understand this balance, you can use this balance to individual organs. We'll go back to it again. Individual organs, individual organs.

Doesn't matter which organ you're gonna start. You can start your digestive system first, your stomach with the spleen. It itself need a balance.

Liver and the gallbladder, it itself need a balance. The kidney and the bladder, it itself need a balance. So that each organ contained their own balance.

The body balance, the emotional balance, the body, the organ with the body parts balance. So for example, if you suffer chronic knee issue, that means that your body already tell you, my kidney has issues, right? So at this time, how can you get a kidney? You shouldn't start with a kidney because the kidney is too low. You have to find the positive side.

You find that you're a strong organ first, not a weakness organ, even though your system is based on the lowest. But you have to use the light, the highest level first. This way, save your time, right? Just like each one of the, you know, when you clean, you start at the worst part first, or you start the easier part first.

And it depends how do you want to see, right? That's right. So you eat the food, you eat the delicious first, or you eat the lousy one first. That's a different thinking, right? Yeah, people will, some people will eat the bad first, and they say to the good, or the last bite.

So last one, you fall, you don't have taste enough. So why not eat the best first? So the least delicious, right? You're thinking differently. So forget, that's just called the balance, right? So your organ balance, once balanced, you can, what we do, the individual organs, now you can make what? Pair get the balance.

You find the individual difficult, okay, so I'm bring my partner, bring the one pair, right? What kind of pair? You can make a mother-child, a Xiangsheng pair, or you can use a Xiangke pair. Right? Bring the partner. You can bring the mother and the child, Xiangsheng.

Right, this time we use a Xiangsheng. Xiangsheng has always a positive concept, right? We bring the Xiangsheng coming in. So once you bring the Xiangsheng, okay, which one is more important? It's up to you, right? The Xiangsheng, they are always supportive.

They always love you, right? The Xiangke is not easy, because the Xiangke always difficult, right? Because someone always point to you, oh, you are no good, you are do this, because they are control you. They try to control you. But only few people can go beyond the control, become cooperation, become transform.

But most people in the life, in the situation, their organ doesn't reach that level, even though they are capable to perform at this level, but they are not. They stuck in control. But they are all out of control.

So whatever called out of control is mean, they are the responsibility, are the cooperation and the relationship. So if you find the two pairs, Xiangsheng, Xiangke difficult to do, then you have to bring one. You have to bring three organs into the circle, right? Then you make a circle.

Why you make a circle? No beginning, no end. The circle is a concept of the Dao, because that's everything, it's the circle. Into this circle, into the self-repair circle.

So you have to bring this one in. So all what you do this way is in these five elements, you are up to you. How do I choose the partner? How do I choose the relationship, the purpose? Go back to the consciousness of purpose is what? Balance, right? How can you start to keep the body balanced? Once the body can keep the balance and the body can heal itself, the goal is we know body knows how to heal yourself.

We know body contain the self-repair. Only difference is the level of the balance. The level of the balance, right? That is the Chinese medicine concept.

The other kind of Chinese medicine concept is this. We know if a sleeping issue, that means your mind not stabilized, right? Your mind still like a wave, high, low, high, low, high, low, like constantly is moving. But if we can make the mind be stabilized, be stabilized, be peace, right? Now this time it's the peace, stabilized.

Does the sleeping quality will change? We always say I want to sleep, stay there and all the way, whole night through, even without moving, right? Stabilized, right? Stabilized. So listen to me why I say this again to test you guys. Stabilized doesn't move.

It's a consciousness level. It's a consciousness that doesn't move. Among five elements, these elements, which element contained the stabilized consciousness? Which element? Earth, right? We don't want every day have the earthquake, right? When earthquakes, the earth is not stabilized.

Earth always stay there, doesn't move. So the earth is the number one stabilized consciousness. Doesn't move.

Sometimes water become number two, doesn't move. Peaceful, right? You go to the beach, you see that the water just smooth there and it makes you so peace. Why some people, when you go there and walk on the beach, you feel so good.

Consciousness of the water make you open, make you peace, but also make you move smoothly, right? So if that is, that is, the other concept in our Chinese medicine, in five element consciousness framework, it is your responsibility to enhance the balanced digestive system, which is your stomach and the spleen, right? It's your responsibility to make this organ stronger, balanced. Why? Because you want the consciousness of stillness. Understand this concept now? So based on this concept, also can use that for sleeping issues.

Because the sleeping issue, just each organ, they are vibrated, they are not peace. So you want the base, you want this one thing toning in and then nothing can move. Earth is the base, right? Toning in to this one, nothing can move.

That's the second concept of the peace. Each organ has a peace, has their own peace. We know the wood difficult to get a peace, right? So the wind constantly moving, but the gallbladder, gallbladder is the major organ to contain the peace.

For rose doesn't have a gallbladder, they definitely have issues of the sleep. They definitely have issues for meditation because they missing the organ. Number three, that's in the other way.

So everything, we can do the peace, we can do the balance, we can do the peace concept. In the other way, we can do releasing the concept. So why you cannot sleep? Because of too much things in your mind, right? If we can delete the mind, just like when you write something at the computer, and the way you do, you drag it to the treasure, drag it there, and then hit the button, delete.

Can you imagine every night, we can go to the computer, delete, you know, think about our mind, go here, go here, and then delete, send out, woo, your mind gone, right? I always dream that one day every store has this, go there, do you like this? No, no, no, no, no, and delete, your mind totally delete, right? So think about delete, releasing, smooth out in five element framework. Which organ deal this? Which organ is the most powerful organs can help you releasing things? Liver, finally go back to our liver, so that's why I love the liver, because to releasing is easier, to increasing is not easy, it's not easy, to eliminate it is easy. So if we can allow our liver function smoothly, then therefore all these emotions just coming in and come out, nothing stay, how good you are, right? They just one year, just like someone said, do you understand me? Do you hear me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I hear you.

They didn't hear, you didn't hear anything, just in and out, right? I hear you, I hear in, I hear out, so I hear you doesn't mean I know, right? I hope it's not the whole class, it's not that kind of ending, right? You hear me, just one word in, one ear in, the other ear out, you hear me, right? Go through you, that's right, go through you, right? I love the story, you know, then the monk eating, the monk hungry, monk drink, the monk suppose he's a vegetarian, so the monk can drink the wine, the monk will eat the meat. My goodness, everyone look at this monk, look at the master, master, you are Buddhist, how can you do this against your religion? He just laughing, he say, hey, that just materialized, the wine and the meat consume me, only Buddha will stay. Look at that kind of level, right? Everything is true, only Buddha can stay, that thing's never gonna stay inside of you, your body just like a hollow tunnel, like a tunnel, just pass you, just pass by you.

But if we can train our body, allow our emotions just through us, how good is it? What we can do, what's the easiest step we can do this? Change the belief, right? The belief change, emotional change, then you won't be stuck, your emotions, right? You won't stuck at the comparison, everything is a comparison, you're good, I'm bad, you're rich, I'm poor, you're pretty, I'm ugly, everything comparison, you have a big house, I'm small bungalow, so you drive the big SUV, I'm just drive the Toyota, you know, it's comparison, if no comparison, there's no headache, there's no problem. So that's why Zhuangzi tell us, it's life, there's so many areas, it's not the human efforts can control, why not? Just be peaceful, accept, right? So if we can use this concept, Daoist concept, apply for this kind of flow freely, then we also can deal the sleeping issues, because something doesn't flow freely, stuck. Invisible part is emotions, visible part is what? Constipation, so if you have a constipation, you definitely will have a difficult for sleep, because the colon has a special relationship with your brain, I said one more time, your colon have a special relationship with your brain, which is today in the Western medicine hasn't understand yet, if they understand this, that's the other business can open up, you should real thinking this way, so powerful of the colon, and so powerful of the lung.

So that's why our practice Qigong, if you see that, they say liver has to rise, the lung has to go down and turn to the circle, left side up, right side down, see the yin and yang turning, right? When you can turn, when you can move, and nothing will stay, then your body will be what? Peaceful, if you can eliminate any noise, noise, unreal, unreal information, just like today, so many people go to the internet, watch the news, the news is not real news anymore, it's made the news, now you make yourself confused, right? Unnecessary, so you see, all right, I'm gonna to just, you see, I'm just, they are still have a couple more, that's much deeper, I'm not gonna go there, so just by this concept, now you can see, what you learned, the five element consciousness framework, just based on this concept, simple, the most important events and sleep, how do you can start your own natural healing? It's up to you, there are so many choices, right? There's so many choices, so for me, right, now I have to go back to, for me, all right, I still prefer, I love organs, so that's why it's my system, that's why, it's not just, it's already in my blood now, so naturally, because in the thousand, in order to receive, you must let it go, you see that? So even though I can use the Xiangsheng, Xiangke, Xiangsheng, I get it from the mother, Xiangke, try to control someone, even I can use this, I still have to empty myself, so how to empty myself? Release it, so to release it, to allow the flow, is the first requirement, without let it go, you never can receive, so the liver is the first priority, so the liver function always first, so if you guys, if you wanna do this, you better start with the partner first, start with the digestive system, and with the liver, make these two paired, even though at the physical level, they look like it's a Xiangke, right? Look like it's a Xiangke, but you have to remember, you remember, at the consciousness level, it's the liver's responsibility, I say this one more time, at the consciousness level, it's the liver's responsibility to help the stomach discover the capability, the potential, to make life become more profound. If you believe your life still contains so many possibilities, and ability you haven't discovered yet, focus on the liver, because it's the liver's duty to make the stomach change, right? So that's why I love to use the liver, it's my system, which is not my system, I learned this system, always go through this way, and it became easier to see the benefit. So when you are sleeping, the one of the 50% important self-healing, or called health requirement, be accomplished, then your body knows how to repair itself, how to heal yourself, may you be able facing to the many different levels, the physical and emotional challenges.

That's enough for today, we can open up any questions? Alrighty, please raise your hand if you have any questions, okay, I can't see who you are, PW701, oh Joe, Joe and crew, it's us. You're on. So Master Liu, it was interesting to listen to you talk about not sleeping, and then saying you wear the mask, which I assume you're talking about sleep apnea.

That's right. Interesting, in sleep apnea, usually people have no trouble falling asleep, they'll fall asleep with the light, waiting for the light. That's not, like a lot of times we think about sleeping problems, we can't fall asleep.

They can fall asleep, they can stay asleep, but they supposedly don't dream. So probably they don't process, they wake up tired. How much different is that than the people who can't fall asleep? Like they fall asleep, they can't fall asleep.

They're up, as opposed to, I've got sleep apnea, I can fall asleep listening to something so interesting as this, I can still fall asleep. But those other people can't fall asleep, what is the difference between that, is it just? They can't fall asleep, it means that they can, just like you cannot, you cannot get, just like, you know, just like go to the bar, has a party, you can't get in. Once they get in, they never listen.

They just sit in the corner, drink the wine, and they forget it. Thinking this way, do I make sense? You can fall asleep, that means you've met the requirement, your body balance, you're okay to make a first enter, you enter the gate, you can sleep, your body quiet, you can go, but you cannot stay too long, why? The body start to heal, right? Once you go to sleep, then the body start processing. Sleeping is not sleeping, sleeping just the stage of the other kind of walking.

Guys, you have to understand, yin and yang, when the body lie down, look like yin, where's the yang? Invisible part, body start processing, body start doing many different levels of communication with the outside, you think it's your body? Or you think of the, look at the, you know, the sci-fi movies, something lie down there, and then the other part, and then try to repair and give the information, upgrade the software. Right? So if your body get sleep, then after sleep, your body start to heal, start to prepare, then until certain level, because the inside of some organs doesn't meet the requirement, when the body need to repair until different levels, then run out of qi, run out of gas. Doesn't have enough gas, the qi deficiency, then body suddenly just system disconnect, power off, then wake up.

Then once wake up, some people difficult go back because the second time, you cannot re-entrance, then just like a ticket, only not another multiple entrance ticket, you only can enter once, right? Well, what's happening with the sleep apnea problem? They can fall asleep, they can stay asleep, but they wake up like they never slept. No, that's what you see. They look like they never sleep, right? They never sleep, it means that they never sleep what they think should be clear, because that means that that person owe too much of the energy of death.

Whatever the energy body have to prepare, you're behind, you're so many energy go to the prepare, pay your interest, you have nothing left. So you wake up and it still doesn't feel fresh, because most of the energy during the sleep with the guys continue fix the problem, fix the older problem, then every day he or she facing to the new challenge. They never tell the whole story, right? So anyone go to the sleeping, the sleeping doctors want to know their emotions, want to know their people, so want to know the child, you know, child pay.

They doesn't want to know all of these things. Do they want to know? They don't, right? So they don't care, that's not the issue. Issue is separate, but you have to look at that person suffer and the big issues, he or she need a challenge, he need more energy to challenge it, next day wake up the energy.

The body doesn't support, that's what I look at. Thank you. So are you saying that the accumulation of all our emotions basically prevent the body's natural repair system from working optimally? Yes, yes, everything what you've done to yourself, they are not just like automatically disappear.

You don't want to know doesn't mean they are disappear. You just have to pay sooner or later and the different levels Okay, hi Anne, go ahead. Thank you Master Lu, this is a wonderful talk.

What about movement during sleep? Somebody who can get to sleep, but then finds themself maybe being awakened by movements, even like Shagong movements, I mean, or movements and stretching in different ways, what does that signify? Deep pain, so that's why I'm just to say that deep pain, you know, so that's why deep pain that the person in the dream is the level, you have to understand, sleep, don't look at the sleeping, you don't do anything, sleep is the nyada levels, nyada level of activity. This activity, in our activity, our wake up activity, only deal three dimensional level. The sleeping has to deal four dimensional level.

So how do you know why you were sleeping when you do this? It's not to try dancing with the ghost. Yeah. Or dancing with your spirit, or dancing with someone you loved before or past life.

I'm just making up the whole thing, you understand? You don't know because sleeping is allow your consciousness or spirit sometimes out the body experience, right? So that's why in the sleep, the state of the sleeping, you can manipulate the time and manipulate the space. How can you put all of this someone or your grand grand mothers already died, or your teacher or the somebody all together in the party is impossible, but possible in your dream? Nothing's impossible in your dreams. That's right.

Nothing's impossible in the dream, you cannot in the reality you cannot convince somebody, right? Give you a story. You cannot convince somebody need to do, but in the dream, you find that that person and then meet your grandmother and then your grandmother say something and then the person will listen. How can that happen? You created this possibility, allow these things happens and the next week that you go there, you're suddenly the person change.

You don't understand the change and then something happens because what happens. That's amazing, yeah. Because we don't know, that's why I say do not, do not look asleep, just sleep.

It's one of so unique, how do I explain? I don't know how to explain this, so unique activity in the human beings. We haven't truly understand this meaning. What's the true meaning behind this activity? It's activity.

We think that's a very important, right? We think take herb do this important. Sleep is better than take herb, if you have a good sleep because sleep is natural. The herb is a natural, but also it's not natural.

You understand what I say? But your definition of good sleep then can mean movement or not movement, it can mean anything. That's right, doesn't matter. The movement just to say, oh, my body need this way.

For what, for how, you don't know because you don't have memory. Number one, you don't have a capability how to use. This is just like sleeping is a different kind of qigong movement.

You have to learn that knowledge hasn't been disconnected, lost for centuries. There's no school teach you how to sleep, but we don't need to learn, right? Your mother never need to teach you how to sleep. When you're born as a baby, baby never need to learn how to sleep.

When the baby need to sleep, to what? To grow, right? So thinking this, baby need to sleep to grow. Then why? Why we discriminate ourselves and say, oh, you are old, you are old age now, you need less sleep. Why are you discriminated? The more I sleep, the more I turn to the baby, that means I'm what? I'm longevity, I'm return.

Why you're not thinking this way? Why you have to put yourself associated with old? Doesn't make sense. Thank you. You're welcome.

That's it. Thank you, Anne. There are a few references in the chat when we go back to the release stage of sleep.

If liver is the first requirement, where does the lung and the colon come in? Why aren't they the first requirement? That's a different kind of subject I'm going to give you guys later. That's much deeper because the constipation is one of the second topic. It's difficult.

You think you are constipated? No, your mind constipated. But people always say my constipation is my colon issue. No, your mind constipated, your breath has colon constipated.

Cost, mind cost, emotion cost. That's what we learn, right? Yin and yang. So you're always looking for invisible, not always stuck in the visible.

The visible just give you your guidelines, give you your hands, let you see, oh, that's the area, that's the issue. But the real issue always behind. The real issue always at invisible level.

So we try to learn the five element framework. At least this framework give us guidelines give us the blueprints to see what is the real truth behind the activity. So the tendency is to jump to the visible before seeing the invisible.

So if you see the liver first, that's the real power. No, the liver is not the liver, just like our system. That's why I say in our system, I love the liver as the ancient part because the liver always related to all the emotions.

It's all the chi. So that's why the, you can start with the colon part, you know, eliminate it, but you still need the liver to do that because it's a big real problem. It's not that you have constipated because it's the mind constipated.

Good morning, Tom. Morning. So is there any benefit to sleeping during the day? Yes.

Do you get the same result as sleeping at night? You have, depend on the level, but depend on your level, right? The sleeping, we just say sleeping is the activity. So the activity happens. It has nothing to do with the daytime and the nighttime.

It's the level of what you, in this activity, what you be able to accomplish. You understand? It's your level, your chi level, your body's balance level, and also your consciousness level. How much would you reopen? How much your consciousness mind change? How much your belief change? If you doesn't believe the spirit, you doesn't believe beyond the time and space, then you even sleep in the daytime.

You just piece of meat and sleep. You need a rest. But if you believe that that's the Neanderthal opportunity, me, at that moment, a nap, even 10 minutes nap, right? I can freshen myself.

That's different, right? So therefore, your purpose is different. Your consciousness is different. Now, the outcome will be different.

So when we talk about sleep, you mentioned that when we wake up, it's because we have an energy deficiency and we wake up. However, how do you know you had enough sleep? I mean, because sometimes you sleep four or five hours. Sometimes you sleep eight hours.

How do you know what's, how does the body know what's enough? The body knows. Only mind doesn't know. The body knows that enough, you wake up.

So whatever you wake up, if you wake up, you can start a life, start a new day, feel fresh. It's cool. If you wake up and say, oh, I got it, not enough.

You're gonna go, oh, go back to the day. Maybe you know you're not enough. Your body is saying, no, I'm just not enough, right? Maybe you just lie down there.

You don't do lie down there and still texting someone and checking your email. Then you're screwed, right? You're supposed to lie down there, real dream of your future. That might be better, right? All right, thank you.

Okay. Good morning, Nora. Good morning.

This has been amazing. I think I have to get rid of this one, thank you. Hi, Master Liu.

Hi, everybody. There's still an echo? No, you're okay. Okay, thank you.

I think that this, the idea of sleep is like a portal to me somehow from what you've been saying that we go through this portal to this magical place with boundaries that we're used to disappear. Anything and everything can happen. The last questions were wonderful because I find myself falling asleep, sitting up frequently, watching television and I'm just out.

I have no idea what I've missed can happen repeatedly. And what I'm taking from this is to not have a negative attitude towards what's happening, but somehow just let it be. That's right.

So you still wake up and watch the television. That means you still want the more. You're very greedy.

You're thinking you don't get enough. I'm sorry, can you repeat that? Yeah, you wake up and still watch the TV. So that means you wake up and still want the information.

So that means you still want the more. You want the more information. It can happen at seven in the evening.

I mean, it's- Yeah, that's right. That's right. So one day you should wake up and doesn't see the TV in front of you, just some kind of flower in front of you.

I think it will be better. That's lovely. All right, thank you.

I feel like there's just a lot to think about and somehow just let be, not put my Western mind on this. I also think things changing constantly. So sleep happens, the same thing can look externally, but it's a different process inside today, tomorrow.

And if we try to put a very distinct, discrete definition on it, we're losing some of those possibilities. I mean, that's what I'm feeling now. That's right.

Thank you. We're gonna move on. We have a few more questions.

Tom and Tanya. First of all, my dog determines how much sleep I've had. So- That's wonderful, right? So therefore you should communicate with your dog and make a team effort and say, honey, I need more.

And you cannot speak the language to the dog. Dog doesn't listen English. Dog is a bilingual, you understand? The dog is based on the feelings.

So if you can pass the information through your thought, your dog will pick up. Okay, I'll tell her she can't go to the bathroom right now. No, she can go.

You put the different dogs and let them lay out. Yeah, right. So you're training the dog at the different ways.

Okay. The real question I have regarding this topic is when we talk about REM sleep, is that also a reflection of the level of Qi that is going on, the quality of Qi? Yes. That's always required the quality.

It's called the quality of the sleep. It's the quality of the sleep, right? But the quality of the sleep still depends on the purpose. It's the purpose of what you need.

So the body knows how much sleep what you need to pay off your energy debt, to repair the future you might face into the challenge. Understand the concept? It's two things the body knows, deal the past and deal the future and meet this moment. So you have to ignore this kind of power what you inherited with this body.

Okay. Thank you. Shannon.

Good morning. Good morning. So interesting that Tom just asked about REM because that was my question.

If we're experiencing REM while doing Qi Gong, so is that a rapid liver release because it's the eye movement, rapid eye movement during a Qi Gong practice? I shouldn't give you this kind of answer. I just say then whatever happens is for good. Okay, but we're able to access potentially at times as a restorative sleep state in an awakened state.

You cannot say this directly, just to say you have a potential. Okay. Don't try, I'm telling you guys, you have to learn this.

Don't try to find the final answer. Once you define the final answer, you are limit. Okay.

Every answer is a circle. Every circle is outside the circle. Every time what you know, there's unknown behind, unknown in front of you.

You would rather say that don't know because then you can continue. Okay. Thank you.

Good morning, Fran. Hi, Master Lu. Thank you so much.

This is a really important topic for me. I was thinking about when I do wake up and I have trouble going back to sleep and I wake up at different times or sometimes I can't fall asleep. Sometimes I wake up too early.

Is the time that you wake up, does that help determine what you might do while you're awake? Like maybe I should stay in bed and meditate or maybe I should get up and read. They always say get up and read, don't stay in bed too long. No, for you, you should get up and practice because you practice Qi Gong.

So you have to use Qi to reset the pattern. It's a pattern, right? You have all the pattern. The pattern is a habit.

It's all the habit. It can be related to your emotions, which is definitely related to your emotions. And also, excuse me, related to your body levels.

So if you are constantly doing this, then you have to find which way, what is the natural way can help you reset, right? The most natural way to reset is go back to your Qi Gong practice. Because Qi knows is that you'll read. What do you read? You read the more knowledge.

The more knowledge what you have, the more worried you are, the more thinking you are, right? You should be trying to believe the more things, then you become useless. Now there are different Qi Gong movements. Can I pick something that feels right? It doesn't matter.

Just do whatever what you needed to do. Yeah, you just do whatever you can do. You just want to see, you just want to use Qi Gong practice to help you break the pattern.

Thank you. Thank you, Fran. All right.

Just two reminders before we sign off today. This is our last Saturday meeting of the sessions. We are going to move to Monday nights starting May 5th at 7 o'clock PM Eastern time.

If it turns out that that's inconvenient for you, please know that the recordings are available. And if you have any specific questions, you can always post them in the community. So for next week, we will see you hopefully on Monday night for Master Liu and Joe Kessler's discussion on high blood pressure.

And of course now this group, especially we'll have greater benefit because we understand some of the angles that you're coming at. So thank you very much, both of you for offering that course. All right, Master Liu.

Thank you. All right, so everybody have a good sleep or you want to fix your problem. It's not a good sleep.

You have to take this opportunity to appreciate it, to appreciate that your body still knows this capability, these events or this movement to help yourself, to help yourself repair, right? It's the most, the most important events behind everything where you try to do or you want to do. All right, thank you very much. Now I'm gonna see you next class.

Make sure you guys do the homework, all the tasks, all the things that we talked about before, you better prepared. Otherwise, you might feel lost, all right? So I'm just gonna dump everything into this one. That's it.

Thank you. See you next week. See you.

See you. Thank you. Nice to see you.

Thanks very much. Thank you. Have a great weekend.

Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you for everything, thank you.

Thank you. Have a good weekend, everyone. Yes, have a good weekend.

Yeah.