Good morning everybody. It's Saturday with Master Liu once again. Master Liu, why are you fanning yourself? I'm getting hot, hot flashes.

Male menopause, you know that, you know, the female menopause is easy to treat. And when the male menopause is 10 times difficult, finally the woman, you guys have said, yes, it's a time to fight back. Now see how powerful we are. 

Yes. If now I get a male menopause, totally screw, point and no return. Well, now you know how to relate to us, right? That's right. 

This life I try, you know, I make a mistake. I said, let me try to be the male of this life. It's unfortunate, doesn't, it's no, no way out. 

They say it's back to the circle again. In the menopause, we all need it together. Only who has more hot flashes. 

We have none. We've, we've achieved balance. That's right. 

It's a pause. I let it go. Send it to the cloud. 

That's right. They have all my records. How many times a daytime and the nighttime anyway. 

So what's going on? So I, I heard that they are not the main complaints or not the questions. There are a few questions. I thought it would be a nice way to start today. 

If you don't mind view some of the questions. First of all, for anybody listening to the videos, or even after these calls, questions come up, post them on the community forum. And then, you know, don't be afraid to answer this. 

Yes, there's a right and wrong, but because you're learning the digestive process happens when you try and put your answer out there. And maybe somebody disagrees with you and ultimately master who can weigh in and then we'll have resolve, right? Or we'll be guided. Let's put it that way. 

So the first question I want to talk about, someone had asked about frequencies. You mentioned the various relationships, and you mentioned that the organs also have a unique relationship based on frequency. For example, the kidney is the same frequency as the heart or the blood is the same frequency as a small intestine, but in studying or looking for in acupuncture literature, this person is not finding much information.

Is this something that is in the books? Or is this something that your master was able to see? The person, they read English, but he's not reading the Chinese. If he's reading the Chinese, he definitely says, oh, that's a Chinese saying. The Chinese always say, tong qi xiang qiu. 

Tong means similar, qi, I don't have to translate, xiang qiu means cooperation. So as long as you are in a similar qi frequency or similar qi field, you are always one family members. For example, the brother with the young brother is the same family, both are male. 

So therefore, let me do one thing, so I haven't done this one, or suddenly make a mistake. Anyway, called the tong qi xiang qiu. Ideally, it means if they are same frequencies. 

Frequency is translated from tong qi. The qi is difficult to translate, then only easier to translate, called the frequency. So the frequency, I think in English has some kind of understanding. 

Frequency means in a range, understand? I have to say called a range. So in this range, that's all same frequency. So in the other words, we can say maybe like if your frequency, if the frequency from one to hundred. 

So in this one to hundred can be many different stations, but in this arranged frequency, it's below to one category. So therefore, the frequency means in a similar, called a similar qi, they are belong to the same family. For example, the brother with the small intestines is a frequency. 

It's a brother and the young brother. So they are at the same frequency. The kidney and the heart is the same frequency. 

So what is this frequency going to help us? The frequency gives you an idea. Sometimes the heart issue is not a heart issue, it can be a kidney issue. It's like a twin brother and a twin sister. 

Think about it, it's twin brothers. Now the kidney has yin and yang, right? The kidney is yin, the brother is yang. So you look at this way, if you just look at by kidney itself, it's male, female, yin and yang. 

But if you look back to what we call the xiang ke, right? The relationship, support the relationship, the kidney must be support for what? For the heart. So what is the heart relationship? The heart and the small intestine. Then you look deeper, find out the heart with the kidney is similar. 

It's the same frequency. They are twin sister. They're married to the twin brothers. 

Son of the god, there's no way out. Therefore kidney problem is a heart problem. The heart problem is a kidney problem. 

Now you understand why sometimes the heart, the high blood pressure is difficult to treat. It's a kidney cost or it's a heart cost, right? So that's why we call it. In the Chinese it has this, but I don't know as today's English translation why they are not translating this concept. 

That's the one way to say. Because this, how do I put it, this concept we haven't discussed in this course yet. Because in order to discuss this, we have to introduce one more concept, one more category, which is Maria's. 

That will take us a little bit longer. So which is I will think you need to postpone next time will be the next course. That's the entire system, right? We say that the three major Chinese medicine foundations, the concept of Chinese medicine foundations. 

Number one is Yin-Yang series, right? Because that's the rule of the Dao. Everything must be followed. So the Yin-Yang concept is the number one. 

Everything is about the Yin and Yang. Number two is five elements. Number three is Maria's, right? So the only difference, I'm gonna say number one, number two, number three, doesn't mean they are levels different. 

They are similar level. They are all these three things, three or concept or whatever called the three entity or three consciousness and the three different kind of Qi, right? You guys should be able immediately thinking this way now, right? Yin-Yang is Yin-Yang Qi, Yin-Yang concept, their entire concept, their entire different kind of Qi. Then we say five elements, five elements has own Qi, own consciousness.

Then Maria's, the Maria's also has own Qi, own consciousness. So the Maria's is entire your energy body, right? You have a physical body, you have an energy body. So that's, you know, big concept about this because that's the one thing, only one thing you cannot carry with you.

That's only can discover in the life body. If you are dying, the Maria's disappear. So entire Qigong practice is to try to stimulate the Maria's. 

That's because that's your energy body. So as long as the energy body exists, you have chance, you have a chance to keep life, physical body, life. So when you say I'm dying, which part dying first? It's Maria's dying first, right? Then definitely Maria's cannot die. 

Because Maria's doesn't belong to you. Maria's just like you leasing the car, you understand? When you leasing car, car is yours. No, you just leasing that. 

You understand? Four years later, three years later, you can return your leasing car. So you leasing this Maria's with you in this life. One life, one Maria's.

Unlike the car, every three years you can change, right? No, the Maria's only with you in this life. You die, gone. In the next life, you can leasing different type of the Maria's, right? So therefore, it's not so profound. 

All the mystery of the life, all the magical healings, all happens at the Maria's level. So that's why acupuncture is magical. The acupuncture is not like, you know, what's called a WHO tell you can treat the disease. 

No, it's treat acupuncture to treat the pain. It's like they use a missile to kill the fly. It's such a waste, right? It's such a waste because it's a deal with the life. 

So because the Maria's name, different Maria's has a different frequencies, right? It's called, they vibrate at a different frequency. So that's why we call the frequency. So does that, if the bladder, if the bladder and the small intestine are on the same frequency, and yet they also have a support relationship, does that make that pair more powerful because they have a dual relationship? Yes, they can make it a more powerful, but also can make it there more vulnerable.

It's a double-edged sword, depend how do you use it, right? It depends how do you use it. For example, I'll give you guys an example. Many, many, many of you definitely have experienced, right? The bladder might be difficult. 

Stomach, stomach and the colon, stomach and the colon is the same frequency. So if your doctor recommend you every two years and now every five years, I don't know, so how many years you need to do the colonoscopy, right? Every time you did this, your digestive system screw up. Why? Because same frequency. 

You see that? And why you eat some kind of food, food, you get a food allergy, you eat the food and a few hour or few minutes later, immediately you're sneezing, runny nose. What's happening? Because the small, large intestine meridians start for these fingers all the way up to end here and then go to eyes. You see that? So that's why, because that's meridians. 

That's when we do the chi dancing, we're dancing with the meridians. We are not dancing at the physical, right? So that's why you see because it's the meridians, they are functioning at the same frequency. So you eat the food, even goes to the stomach, but the allergic, what they call the allergic reaction will pass easier to the same frequency first. 

So it will show at the one note, right? So that's why. Thank you. Then the second question was relating to the mother-child relationship, but in terms of a human being. 

So if the mother is always supposed to offer unconditional support to the child, however, the mother herself has so many issues. The child now is taking care of the mother in real life. How does that impact the child? Does that draw the energy from the child to the mother? Most likely. 

So you, we say the one thing, right? That's just a concept. When you apply this concept to the specific situation, cannot be literally doing this. Sometimes it's a big concept. 

So the bigger concept is generally speaking, right? I try to apply this in my English. It's called generally speaking, generally speaking, not specifically speaking, right? It's generally speaking, this concept, most likely, most likely, you see how much time I try to use limited English, try to describe this kind of unique relationship, a mother-child relationship, that often is the mother take care of the kids. Very odd to see the child want to take care of the mother. 

So the only thing can be explained for this type of the situation, which is almost difficult to see is, how do I say, is the means to be. You're born to be this destiny. That's your destiny. 

As a child, the destiny has to play this kind of position to take care of the mother. And the mother has to be shown in this life, even the position is the mother, but has to receive the other kind of life. But we never can see the past life. 

We never can see the future life, right? Because life never ends. So who knows? So unless you can see many different lives, then you might be able to see this processing. So how do you know you are practicing is to try to fix the past issue? And how do you know in this life that you try to prepare in the next life? You don't know, right? You never know, because you never see. 

But you never see doesn't mean they never exist. Well, those are the two main questions that came up on the community. And I do encourage people use that for dialogue. 

And I know that also there are some people who are having difficulty getting into the community. So next Saturday, we are going to start the call 15 minutes early. And Jenny will walk you through how to get into the community and just show you around before we officially start our Saturday morning call. 

Well, in my opinion, for you guys, it's your responsibility, right? So depending if you're thinking you've got the knowledge, that's enough. If you're thinking you've got the information, maybe too much. If you think you've got the system, no, you haven't touched it yet. 

So it depends. If you say I'm going to come in here to take the wisdom, good luck. Takes many years, a lot of chewing, right? No, I just say good luck.

So everybody understands that kind of sound coming from which movie is good luck. So anyway, so we're going to do, since we're going to do this now, today's class, we've done the two of the circles, right? We did this concept because we say this class is not just to talk about the five elements. We talk about the five elements from Daoist concept, right? Daoist concept, one of the the major concept is circle. 

The circle is always so important, so unique concept because circle itself will represent the oneness, right? So from that angle we should continue to see. So we see the first one is what? Xiangsheng circles, right? We see the Xiangsheng circles, then we see also five elements can turn into the Xiangke circles, right? So we can put the Xiangke circle and the Xiangsheng circle in the together, then you also we see from the five element circles can spread in the three circles. So where are they? So that's right, you see the five element circles. 

That's what we learned at the beginning and the left side. Wow, so exciting and outside the circle inside the dark lines. Then that's right, it's a confused, but they are not confused depending on how do you want to see. 

So we can see first the outside the circle, then put this one will be the outside circle called the Xiangsheng. They are mutual creation, right? One help each other because position change, right? The position change, the purpose change. So in this purpose they are Xiangsheng circles. 

Now that's in the other circles, once they change the pattern, we change a different pattern become Xiangke circles. Then that's in the other circles. The circle meaning is the line can be completed back. 

Now today we are follow this circle going because now we all talk about the five. So how can I get a limit, limit the concept? You don't have to take a picture, we can put this one out, you can download it, it will be good for you guys. It's another, it's a public domain. 

I just give the, you know, give us some kind of declaration, don't worry about it, okay? So I'm not gonna say copyright, you cannot do that, you cannot sell that. If you turn this for business, we go after you. Now, I won't say that way, right? So anyway, that circle, now we go to the different concept, different concept. 

You think of this, if you're front of this circle, then you see five elements. How can I take a different relationship? It's a combination, right? So ideally, so we learn this to say nothing can be separate, everything's oneness. So how can we change this concept and make this unified element consciousness framework become easier to understand? So today we're going to do this different way. 

So think of this the same concept. The first way, I'm going to start with the earth, wood elements again, right? We say because we are green dragon system, so that's why we put the wood element on the top. We still start with the wood. 

Any three elements, any three elements pick up, how many possibilities we can pick up the three create the circle, right? So I do that. So come on, follow me. You have any, most people have a pencil. 

Draw the circle, right? Draw the three one. Can you draw it? You start with the wood, fire, earth. It is one, the fire, earth, metal. 

It is one, earth, metal, water. Metal, water, wood. Come on, hurry up, hurry up.

Metal, water, wood, fire. How many circles? How many triangles are there? So in this triangle, what's the character? If we chose from the outside, use Xiangsheng as the base. Does anyone see the pattern? We use a piece of Xiangsheng as the base. 

Therefore, there's always two Xiangsheng, always connect one Xiangke. Two mutual creation that's always end with the one mutual support. Make sense now? That's one kind of circle, one kind of pattern. 

So we say, oh, I can use these three make us the team. It's called the team effort. In this team effort, so there's two generations, mother with the child and the mother with the child, and then become a grandchild. 

Then the grandmother with grandchild. What's the relationship? With the support relationship that they are not a mother child. You don't walk into your daughter's house thinking that's your house. 

When your daughter come back to your house, she always thinking that's her house. That's right. When you go to your daughter's house, you are polite and say, hey, I'm just grandmother. 

I'm coming here. Therefore, it's a support, not the control. It's not real Xiangsheng. 

That's why you do the two Xiangsheng, there's always one Xiangke. That's one kind of circle. Three elements can be together, which means three organs can create us the team. 

Now, changing this as the element of the organ, your mind has to be immediately thinking this, what's happening? Therefore, my liver, my heart, my stomach, that can be function as the one team. My heart, my stomach, and my lung can be one team. How many possibilities when you have a physical issue, then why one medication cannot fix? Because it's a team effort. 

Now, we see the second possibility is here. Now, follow me. Hurry up. 

Your pain has to move fast. Now, we still started with the liver, the word element. Now, you do the word stomach and the kidney. 

You see that? Now, you do the wood, right? Wood, stomach, and the kidney. That is the one. That's the Xiangke, right? Now, do the wood, fire, and the metal. 

Fire, earth, water. Earth, metal, and the wood. Metal, water, and the fire. 

Do you see the difference? Come on, hurry up. Exciting. Make me excited. 

Come on. I need the things. Oh my goodness. 

Let's get hot now. So, did you guys see that now? How many relationships? That's a different kind of pattern. You see this kind of pattern? So, in this pattern, it's a two-supported relationship always connected to the one of the generation, one of the creation. 

So, in that type of the relationship, the arrow always goes to the loop perfectly. To follow the arrow, you naturally go through the circle. The first one, you follow the arrow. 

Then, the last one, which is not on the same direction because the other one is the wood has to come into the earth. Instead, the earth goes to the liver, goes to the wood. You see the difference? That's the difference.

So, the one is more easier because we say by natural law, the image always goes from the one flow easier to the other side. So, you want the thing against it. So, you need it for additional additional support and something has to be changed. 

So, which is like first, some people say, how does my kids, you know, the child take care of the mother? See, it's unusual. Naturally, it's the mother taking care of the kids. Very unusual is child play back, try to take care of the mother. 

The mother still not feel good because the mother angry, still say because the mother think you are my daughter. You are my son. You should know me.

You should know me. Until here, yeah, you know. Let me add on one of the famous stories.

The Italian mommy, you know, many, many days doesn't talk. You know, doesn't say the son call mom. What's going on? My mouth is hurt. 

So, why? Why you not eating? I cannot eat. If I eat, my son gonna call me. I don't have time to, I'm too late. 

I cannot answer the phone immediately. So, the mother doesn't want to eat. You got this joke? Because the mother need to waiting for the son to call her. 

Unfortunately, he never does. Now, it doesn't matter. Now, now, or anymore, they can't see. 

So, that doesn't have to directly contact. Can be indirectly. Texting is indirectly. 

Doesn't want to show the emotions. I'm telling you, texting, you will see the consciousness level behind of the texting. People doesn't want to show the real, true feelings. 

That's another our issue. So, our issue is the five elements, right? We go back to the five elements. Master Liu, let me ask you within the five elements, there's a question that just came up. 

You mentioned various triangles, but the question becomes, our emphasis is on the wood, the green dragon system. Is it preferred that we always go to the liver and use the liver, or are there times that we just cannot? That's a good question. That's a question I'm going to give the answer later.

Okay. All right. So, we see these two types of the three triangles possibility, right? Now, we see.

Now, what's the purpose for when we go to one step deeper to see this relationship of five elements? They give us opportunity to see there are so many levels about the cooperation. There are so many levels of the interrelationships. Unless we truly understand each element, or we say each organ's purpose, each organ's function, then it's very difficult to diagnosis or treat the conditions, or illness, and the disease. 

So, that's why when you put all the information at the first class, I tell you each element, each organs are related, all of these things. Now, you see how many possibilities can be flowed into these five elements. So, that's why the five elements is an ancient chaos framework. 

It's a modern science. Today, if I tell you we are studying modern science, chaos theories, you wouldn't understand, right? People say, get out of here. That's not true, but it is true. 

Even chaos theories, this one's more chaos than the theories. Why? The chaos theories are only used for weather. We are here to weather only one ingredient, right? You look at the five elements. 

The season, only one ingredient, right? The season, only one ingredient of each element. Four seasons, right? Relate the four of the major organs. It can be five major organs, right? Elements. 

So, therefore, it's not compatible, right? Not compatible. Cannot be. That's another way we are going to discuss today. 

So, let's go a little bit deeper. If these are three angles, three organs, cooperation create the teams. You guys, right? After this, you need to do your own homework.

I just said, I just suggest it's up to you to really allow you to see if that's the possibility. How do you play? How do you see yourself? How do you see each organ's function? That's why we say each organ's purpose, right? What's happening? What's happening for the first, when I have a headache, then I start the medication. Then why when I have started the kind of painkill, the pain medication for my headache, my stomach caused the issue, right? Then why when I started my stomach issues and then do the one more medication, add in now a few months or a few years later, I have kidney issues. 

You see that? Now, we allow you to see you just put yourself in the deeper and the deeper and the deeper. I'm sorry. That's it. 

Then give you a proof, evidence to see you did this accidentally to yourself. Right? Okay. So after this, now we get more exciting, right? So if it's three organs, three elements we put in can create a circle. 

So how about four? So I give you guys two minutes. Draw the four circles by yourself. Come on. 

Hurry up. You need to do this homework with me. Draw the four, bring any four, right? So try to do the four. 

You can start with the wood again. The wood, earth, right? You can do the liver, heart, then do the this and then four, make it a circle. Four. 

Every four make circle. Every four make circle. Do that. 

It's done almost? Raise the hand. So I think it should be majority of people down, right? If you are too slow, so we need a special class to make you fast, right? Come on, hurry up. Do I need to do that kind of music? Making us nervous.

That's it. Okay. That's the answer. 

Okay. What did you see? Now I wonder you guys, come on. What did you see in this four elements or four organs create a circle? What do you see? In these four circles, how many xiang shen, how many xiang ke, how many pairs inside of these four circles? There are three xiang shen and three xiang ke. 

Perfect balance, right? So for example, if we do liver, heart, stomach, and the metal. Outside there will be wood, stomach, and the fire is the xiang shen. Fire of the heart to the stomach is the xiang shen.

Stomach to the lung is the xiang shen, right? Then the lung goes back to the liver. It's a xiang ke. Then the liver goes to the stomach. 

It's a xiang ke. Then the heart goes to the metal, goes to the lung. It's a xiang ke. 

So every four organs you pulled out make us the circle. They are always contained. Three xiang shen and three xiang ke. 

And the balance buried inside of you. The pair always there. Visible and invisible always there.

And to create a unique balance, the four is an even number. It's an even number, right? The four is an even number. Three is an odd number. 

So in this even number, let me tell you, it's even. Xiang shen and the xiang ke. Creation and the support is even. 

It's exciting. Now you see, no wonder you think you know, right? No wonder this framework can be used in Chinese medicine for the society and a thousand years. Still can be used, right? Not yet. 

I mean, that's just beginning, right? Now we're going to take another level, another angle. Because the five, I don't have to say that. Five already go back to the five elements now, right? So we're done to the two for the xiang shen, xiang ke pair. 

We're done for the three. So we're done for the four. Then we go back to the five. 

Then we make a completed circle now, right? The only difference is that we didn't start with the one. One, I don't have to say. One is you guys homework. 

So that's the first level. It's the first class. Each organs has yin and yang, right? Each element itself contains the yin and yang. 

So the yin and yang at each element. So that one, we're going to do this completed with the next class, not this class. So that now in this class, one more exciting is, okay, I'm going to go back to the one of the individual wood elements. 

So we focus the one. So what did you see in this one? You see the two lines in and the two lines out, right? You see that? Could you explain? You see stomach getting, it's the oral getting in, right? So we say everything in and everything out. In and out. 

Do we see that? So whatever coming in is what? Receiver. Whatever you take it, you give it out, it's releasing. So that's in and the yang balance.

That we learned that these yin yang theories at the first class, right? So you see the wood, which is the liver, has one of the lines, mother, child, or the kidney coming into it. But you also see the lung with the liver is a support also coming in. So which means the liver receives two kinds of support. 

One is the mother-child support. One is control type of the support. The both, the both is destiny. 

The both is the born to be. The born to be. They must fulfill the destiny. 

Which means the kidney must fulfill the destiny. No matter how crazy you are, your mind may always draw the last blood out from your kidney. So that's why even you are so tired, your exciting mind still draw your energy from your kidney until you're totally crushed. 

Then the lung constantly support to the liver. But unfortunately the lung cannot support anymore because the mind always go beyond. Mind always go beyond. 

Just like we are walking into the buffet. Did you eat by your mouth or stomach or eat by eyes? The eye, look at the desserts first. Oh, that's a lot of different kind of color, different kind of sweet, right? But your stomach is the limit. 

Your eyes, your desire is unlimited. So that's why the buffet is good. Now you see these two lines in. 

Now it's a two lines out, right? Two lines out. So what is it? So the wood has to be the mother of the fire. The liver has to be the mother of the heart. 

And also liver has to be the support to the stomach. Now question become the same question as the first one asked the question. Supposed the child will support the mother. 

Supposedly, supposedly the liver doesn't get enough love from the mother of the kidney. Suppose the liver will continue give out the love to the heart. You guys need to think in this way.

Suppose the liver doesn't get enough support for the lung. Does the liver will continuously support the stomach? Even though you eat the junk food, most likely in our life, these patterns never happens, never happens. No wonder we all total screw up. 

Naturally, naturally, this natural framework, this natural framework provide opportunity to us. That's the guidelines we have, we must follow. But in the society, our minds, our beliefs limit us, doesn't allow us to follow this natural law. 

So that's why we screw up. So that's why the situation become more difficult. Unless we are lucky enough to meet somebody, practitioners can guide us. 

So that's why, in my opinion, it's a five element framework. It's the most comprehensive and the most easy, not easy, most unique step can help us follow this kind of framework to start our natural healing. If you are looking for the natural healing, you want to follow the guidelines, follow the laws, and use the one of the pattern, then it is one. 

Then we are going to the concept now, right? So that's too much, right? In my opinion, it's too much. It takes many months. I just dumped into the one class to you guys, right? So there are no accidents, right? They say, you guys must be can handle it. 

They say, you know, God only give it to someone who can handle it. It doesn't mean I'm the God, right? I just say, I'm a lousy teacher. You guys are good students. 

So I hope that's the truth, right? The in and the out, upside the way. You know, there were some concerns, and somebody addressed it nicely in the chart, that this is complicated. And this is a lot of information. 

There are so many layers and patterns. This is an advanced course. And in the very beginning, even if you think you already know, go back to the beginning and study the duty and the characteristics of every organ.

And then we listen to what Master Liu is saying many times, is it's you, we think we understand Shang Chen, Shang Ke, and how to create triangles, but we don't know how to really infiltrate them, why and how. So Master Liu, I like the way, you know, you went back and reiterated what is the responsibility of the mother and the child. If the mother and the child, though, don't have that kind of balance, how does it affect the support relationship? So you're difficult. 

So that's why you have to base on this concept. You have to base on the level of the understanding, right? And then you create the team efforts. You have to create the team efforts. 

So how to create the team efforts, then that's the level of the understanding each element, each organs. So therefore that's called the system. Different system has a different understanding of each element, each organs. 

They will use different doctors. You will see different Chinese medicine doctors will use a different kind of framework, different kind of cooperation, and treat the same illness, the same disease, because they have a different understanding of each elements, each organs, and their relationship. And it depends on whether they use the five elements framework or they use the Yin-Yang framework, which framework they are using. 

But for us, right, at least for what I learned in the system, I always stuck or I stayed in this framework, because if you follow this framework, you'll never make a mistake, right? They say safety is a first priority. If you really know this, why you need insurance? Because you never make a mistake, right? How can you make a mistake? You follow the natural law. I give example. 

Now it's example. How do I use this? So first of all, I use this is to come out one kind of theories, one kind of program we call the Dragon's Way Qigong program. In the Dragon's Way Qigong program, we use this one because 25 years ago, I think 25 years ago, everybody want to lose weight. 

So how can you lose weight? How can you help somebody lose weight without making a mistake, right? The concept of safety is the first priority. So how can I make sure the patient or whatever the, you know, participant can be safe? What is the goal? Why the body gain the weight? From what we see now, they gain the weight is the balance. The balance of the balance. 

But each organs are the balance. The body five major organs cannot work as the team. They cannot work on the same page. 

So how can we step in in this chaos situation and create the team effort and can achieve a good result? Why we can achieve a good result? Because the body can heal itself and the body can repair itself as long as we provide the opportunity, now they get balanced. That's the goal. So therefore, in the Dragon's Way, we chose liver is the number one, right? That's Intel.

That's the first Qigong movement. Dragon toe dance. The liver, why we go to liver? That's who we are. 

We are green dragon system. We are goes to the liver. Why liver? We say that many times now. 

Because the liver is the unique organ contained in and out. The liver contains all your emotions. That's one of the major concept we haven't discussed yet. 

It's a time and a space in and out. So liver deal the time. Even though everything overweight condition, they are all space. 

But the real problem is time. You don't treat the time. You only treat the space.

Then they are going to still exist. Do you understand the concept? That means no wonder today how many surgeries you do the cancer. You can remove the cancer. 

You only remove the cancer space. But you did never move the cancer time. Then therefore, according for modern science, time and space never can be separate. 

As long as time exists, even though space can be disappear, then the space will also come back at a different space. So that's why you see all the cancer treatments many years later recurrence. Because what they do? They only remove the space. 

They never deal the time. Liver is the organ can help you change the time because of your emotions. So that's why in the Dragon's Way Qigong program, we focus on the liver is the number one. 

And the stomach is the number two. And the kidney is number three. They are these three triangles we hold as the main organs we focus on. 

You see the triangle when I use? I use this triangle, the liver, stomach, and kidneys. That's in this program. Then many years later, then I find all metabolic function. 

Metabolism function is so sexy and many people want to know all metabolism function. What is the metabolism function? Can you digest? Can you process it? What is the metabolism? Do everything go back to the earth? Earth is the most comprehensive. Earth can process anything. 

Look at that. We are living in this earth. The earth also represents our stomach. 

It's the same frequency. The frequency itself also has a consciousness. We say it's a consciousness. 

What is the consciousness? Earth consciousness. What is the earth consciousness? Everything can be processed and digested and transformed. In this earth, we are living in this earth. 

In human existence. How many years now? Thousands and thousands. How many kingdoms? How many illness and disease? Have you seen the human being disappear? No, we continue, right? Therefore, that means it doesn't matter what kind of wars, it doesn't matter what kind of illness, doesn't matter what kind of disease. 

The earth knows how to process it, how to digest it, how to transform. If we can readjust our stomach, connect to the earth consciousness, can vibrate at the same frequency, what kind of disease and what kind of illness, what kind of mental issues we cannot process and digest. You see that? You see this concept? So this concept, we are applying into our digestive universe, the book I wrote. 

That's the concept. In order to do this, we pick up the same thing, liver, stomach, and kidney. Why we do this? Because it's a destiny. 

Kidney is the organ that contains all your genetic code. So that means what we bring in this life has a purpose. Everything is contained in the kidney.

So if we can make these three organs together, we create the team efforts. What kind of things we cannot do? Our metabolism function, our digestion will get perfect, then everything can be healed. This is the second program. 

I use the same concept. Okay, this circle, I use it, right? I learned it, I applied it, I used it. Many, many years later, I say, ah, still too complicated. 

People know it. So how can I get much simple, much easier for anyone want to step into today's complicated life, today's complicated illness and disease, and you can start for healing and never need, never need to worry about it, make a mistake. I have to come out of this kind of program, right? So therefore we come out the shout out program. 

The concept is that anything, anything give you discomfort. Doesn't matter if it's a physical or emotional or spiritual discomfort, that means we can look at the discomfort as something we cannot processing, we cannot digest, right? The shout out is a Chinese word. It means I can processing you, I can digest you, I can transform you. 

So this concept can be used for anything because the ending discomfort is something stuck, doesn't move. So in the shout out concept, what do we use? We use the liver and we use the stomach. Again, for this type of the concept, but in this concept, I want everybody stop here one moment. 

If I use, I only use, I only use liver and the stomach. I only use, now listen to me, right? I try to use the English play that kind of way. I only use, now I should do it this way. 

I only use stomach and liver at the superficial level. What is invisible level? The probability of other organs can be support. That would be the homework for you guys to think, right? Even though outside look like this, but inside it can be still. 

Kidney also can be inside it. The lung also can be part of this triangle, but that triangle never exist. Then depend, depend the level of the practitioners. 

So that's why in the shout out, what's called the program, the end of the class, what I said is a practitioner's level. What's level? So how can you introduce invisible organs become invisible support and behind these two organs, liver and the stomach, and create this shout out practice and without making a mistake. Okay. 

That's why we say how to use, that's what I give it to you. That's the three major program we use for this. And also you can see like one of the, you know, breast cancer is the same thing, you know, the all over there, menopause, it's the same thing, right? Nothing changed. 

It's all there. Just as long as you know this, just focus different, because a different kind of condition has a different kind of consciousness, different kind of frequency, even though it's the same organ, but they show at a different purpose. They have fulfillment, different outcome.

That should be enough for today. There's a lot for today. I'm telling you, right? It's a lot for today. 

Look like nothing, but it's a lot. Take you guys a lot of processing. So I highly recommend you guys draw the circle, where you see that it's a good game, right? Good allow you, allow you feel more humble, allow you feel you are more proud of yourself, allow you feel, yes, there are something at the there. 

If I can merge into this frequency, you understand what I say? The five element consciousness framework has their own chi, that has own consciousness, has own patterns, it's dependent on your level. Understand what I say? It's your level. You guys, you want to get in this system, it's your level. 

You don't want to be just a superficial level and can talk useless. There are many professors can talk, they can talk very good, 10 times better but doesn't mean they can really apply this for healing, for life. So I would like you guys, each one of you through this course, can really apply this to your own life, for your own healing, at least that can allow you to see, doesn't matter what kind of illness, disease, or you got it, and it doesn't matter which level your illness and the disease, there's always a hope at the there, because what? That's a natural law, that's a natural consciousness behind it. 

That should be enough open questions. Okay, do we have any questions? No, that's it. Hi Sergio, go ahead. 

You can unmute yourself. Sergio? Oh, there you are. Hello, hello, good morning Master, thank you, thank you very much for this real beautiful class, for sharing with us your wisdom and your master wisdom too.

I have a doubt, a question in relation to this green dragon system. In this system we learn in the triad, pancreas, what about pancreas? In different systems, spleen, stomach, and pancreas are related to the earth element. Why in this system, pancreas is not included in this earth element? The pancreas is not the earth element, because they don't see, they just think in the pancreas, because they put the pancreas as a diabetic, diabetic is a sugar, so that's automatic, they just do this, but the pancreas is not a materialized pancreas, it's a frequency, they don't see the frequency, at least the mind must see the frequency, pancreas does not belong to there. 

We based on the frequency, that's the one of the advantages, you see what's called an advantage, an advantage is that I'm lucky enough to have one of the master can really see, see the real chief and the related to which meridians go where, so therefore I just get a shortcut, I don't have to study, I just say hey that's a disease, which meridians, what they related, once done, I don't have to do that, I just follow the natural law, but sorry master, okay, I understand, by a different system, pancreas is included in the triad, stomach, spleen and pancreas related to the earth element, you still can see that, you still, if you do that way, you still will have a result, but the meridians never touch, you still have a result, why? Because everything's connected, everything's connected, if you treat it by your stomach, you still have a result, but then you have to go to the stomach, and the stomach has to be strong enough, then one of the days may be able to back to the kidney, may be able to back to the heart, right, maybe, but most of the time, most of the time, in the clinic, you don't see, because they run out of time, you see, that's why I call the treatment, you still can do that, doesn't mean it's the same, so that's why has so many practitioners, okay, so many systems, they go through the different organs, different gates, because the goal is that everything is connected, but the question is, when, when, when they connect, right, will run out of time, run out of time, sometimes the fast, fast line, you know, you're driving the car, you know, the highway doesn't mean the faster, right, in the highway bumper to bumper, you're stuck at there, you can't, so tonight's a party, you can't just stuck in the highway, you have to get out, or sometimes you think airlines are fast, hey, you know, whether you stuck in the airport, right, you rather drive, it will be much easier getting there, so therefore, how, what is the shortcut, even though, I give you, even though we think, even though we think the Marines, but the Marines also has levels, in the today, what we tell in the book, give us the Marine, the first level of the Marines, even in the, this Marine still has inside the Marines, we don't know yet, so that's why, that's why the beauty of the Dao, the only way we can explain this is to bring the Dao, the Dao is everything, from visible to the invisible, it's infinity. Thank you, Marsha, do you have a question? Yes, thank you very much Master Liu, it's, all of this is so exciting, I was thinking about what you said before, that the Shang Sheng cycle is Ying, and the Shang Ke cycle is Yang, and that brings up my question, which is, if you have an imbalance in one of the elements, for example, wood, and say it's mostly Yin, that you've got a lot more Yin in that element in your body, does that mean that the wood element would have much more influence over the Shang Sheng cycle, and less influence over the Shang Ke cycle, because there's more Yin and less Yang? You can use it that way, because how do you know you have more Yin, how do you know you have more Yang, that's my first question, right, so that's the, most schools teach these kind of things, Yin and Yang, and look like they are so profound, and can catch the things, I don't use this kind of vocabulary, more Yin, more Yang, I just use one kind of vocabulary, say function disorder, I don't care, I don't care you have more Yin, more Yang, as long as I bring back your function, then it itself will automatically readjust to the balance, who cares, you see that this way, so this way you need a diagnosis first, Yin and Yang, if you make a mistake, you are 50% make a mistake, if 50% make a mistake, you know at the school as well, you get an F, you don't get a C, that's right, you don't want to get a 50%, you want at least a 60% and get a C, right, because once you do this Yin, Yang, look like oh, so sexy, so profound, more Yin, more Yang, more Yin, more Yang, you are more mistake, because you will make a mistake, and the discriminator in the two categories, you see, if I use the five elements, if I discriminate, only 20% wrong, thank you, I understand the concept, if I use the five element discrimination, I'm only 20% wrong, because I do the one element, I do two elements, only 40% wrong, but you do the Yin, Yang discrimination, it's a 50% wrong, now you're more Yin, more Yang, that's more wrong, understand that concept, yes I do, thank you, that's right, so highly recommended, don't use this kind of concept, that's very useful for the scholar level, to talk about like a language, in the practical, in my opinion, it's not a real practical, if you make a mistake, you are easy to make a mistake, because of discrimination, thank you, you're welcome, morning Heather, hi, good morning, thank you Master Liu, and hi everybody, I may be a little slow on this, so if it's an elementary question, you just let me know, I'm looking at that triangle, and I'm thinking, okay, wood in a support comes to earth, and in a support earth goes to water, and then water supports wood, in that generational mother child, is the fourth organ, then in the fire, is that the second line, that completes that four organ system of two supports, and two generationals, you can use the fire, or you can use the lung, it's up to you, or you can don't use, you understand the goal, right, so you have to understand the fundamental goal, is that body knows how to heal itself, the body knows, the body is a body, body is not a body itself, I know this makes you confused, the body is a body, is my body, I'm controlled, but you are not controlled, because each organ, they look like they function, but they function is based on this five element framework, outside of you, outside of you, does the weather change it, make your mood change, yes, right, does the hormone come, make your hormone level change, yes, but you don't see this part, you just feel today, I don't know why, I'm headache, I'm like, you're full moon, but no one say, no one complained, because of today's full moon, right, invisible, so therefore, which one you bring in, it depends on the level of the practitioners, so if you can, you have to say, the body knows how to use limit, limit the energy, to create the maximum benefit, the body knows how to save the energy, for real need, only our mind, we don't know, right, so if we can use less the organ, to create the maximum benefit, and the heart say, hey, I don't care, go do whatever would you want to do, don't bother me, right, so why you have to bring the actual more organ in, that time, more is not good enough, less is more, so you need to thinking this way, so if you can use one organ, it's the best, so that's why when I see my master, he only do one needle, I said, give him more needles, he said, why you need to waste the needles, I said, you need to feed people's mind, see, then they think you don't know, why you give me the one needle, you're so cheap, only giving my one needle, I said, needle is cheap, just stocking more needles, who cares, right, see, different minds. Thank you very much, appreciate it. 

You're welcome. Master Liu, if the body already knows how to heal itself, and we start using the five elements to understand the body, but then also to encourage the body, can we make a mistake, can the practitioner make a mistake? If the practitioners follow the natural law, what's called the natural law, means each organ has their own capability, for example, the stomach of this organ, love the warm, hate the cold, most organs, none of the organs love the cold, so if you constantly give the cold, constantly give it the raw to the one organ, you are constantly discriminated, and then make it a function bed, right, so if you will follow the natural law, understand each organ when they love, what they can do, what they able to do, then you'll be able to never make a mistake, generally speaking, so that's why we say, in order to study this, you need to understand consciousness, the consciousness of the wood, first, to grow, to feel this, to be flexible, that's consciousness, then later, this consciousness manifests to materialize the wood tree, now look at the tree, to understand, that's your visible example, now you look at the tree, fairness, right, visible on the upper body, above the ground, invisible under the roots, then make this relationship, you never see the root, or your testimony, and they say, it's not fair, you have a beautiful flower, it's a human name, oh, you know, human always loving you, how about me, I'm working so hard, you know, day and night, suck out the energy, support you, no, right, each one understand the cooperation, visible and invisible, the root connect to the invisible, and then received, and the leaves say, hey, I'm connected to the invisible wings, right, then I show you, see, the both have to work on the together, so that's why we have to see, how can we follow the natural law, so that's why I highly recommend each one of you, go back to study again, each element, each element, what is element, the element based on the consciousness, then this element is a consciousness behind, then later, these elements can apply to the organs, so therefore, each organs are capable and able to do the elements, right, element, because the word element can perform this philosophy, name, so do your liver, thinking this way, you will be ahead of the game. Last question, good morning, Teresa. 

Yes, good morning, Master Liu, thank you so much for your teaching, I have a question regarding what you said in the previous lecture, about the Xiang-Xiang cycle, referring to being outside of us, and then the Xiang-Ke cycle, referring to be more inside of us, so my understanding, I want to clarify that, the Xiang-Xiang cycle is the generative mother-child cycle, so the child never can be the you know, the mother is the mother of the child, now is the controlling Xiang-Ke cycle is about transformation, is about reaching or attempt to reach oneness, therefore, we as human being in a clinical practice or let's say practicing Qigong, are we working at that level, like is the outside generating cycle which is continuous forever, for eternity, we have no direct impact on that, but we have a direct, we can have a direct impact in the Xiang-Ke level, because it allows us to create transformation, is that correct? We can do both, then which way is easier for you, so for example, Xiang-Shen, Xiang-Shen level, right, Xiang-Shen level, okay, so today, tonight is a full moon, right, tonight is a full moon, the moon is in, right, the moon is in, the sun is yang, so the moon is in, in related to the what, liver is in, right, the heart is in, depending on the organ, all the organ is in, the bowel is yang, so then therefore, if today is a full moon, the moon always related to the water, right, because it's in, every time full moon, earth water change, so the kidney always change with the full moon, the hormone always change with moon, so in this moment called time, time will happen in the space of the earth, this energy is a free energy, it's a free, so then therefore, this free energy will come down to the earth, either you like it or you don't like, other elements we will use, only our mains we don't recognize, we waste, we don't have a, we have a solar to get the sun, we don't have a solar to get the moon, right, can you imagine some of you got the solar to get the moon, that'd be amazing, right, so if for us, we say tonight, I'm going to do my meditation, see, effort, then maybe tonight your meditation will support to deliver, does it make sense now, because this kind of Xiang-Shen is automatically, and give it to you for free, but your consciousness mind must be aware, then also your liver function must meet the requirement, otherwise even though you go out to do something, still doesn't mean you can receive, all right, so you cannot go out, you cannot go out tonight and do the liver, do the movement, it doesn't relate to the liver, right, you do other kind of qigong movements, they are not stimulate the liver meridians, they stimulate other meridians, let's get a benefit, yes, since everything's connected, but not directly, you see what I say, so you need to think in this way, so if today, tonight, your meditation can get a benefit for the liver function, then tomorrow your digestive system, or maybe even tonight, you're asking with that, and TMJ will releasing it, because what, liver received unconditional love, right, just that's always go back to the level of the understanding. Thank you. You're welcome. 

Yeah, there's so much for us to go back and study, we do, we learn and apply. Thank you. All right, guys, do the homework, do the homework, all right, please, for your own benefit, not for me, for me, I'm just sold things to you guys now, all right, you know, I really wish, yeah, that's the, that's the things I just pass, I only can pass the knowledge, and I cannot pass the wisdom, so you guys have to go through this processing, and transform this knowledge to become a wisdom for you, otherwise, you only can duplicate it, and repeat it, information and the knowledge. 

Thank you very much, see you next week. Thank you.