Good morning. Once again, Saturdays with Master Liu, always something wonderful to look forward to because we never know what he's going to talk about. But today for me anyway, this is a very exciting period where we start getting more into the five elements and the relationships.

So this morning, Master Liu is going to start talking about Shang Sen. Master Liu, teach us a little bit more about Shang Sen. Okay, so before getting in this concept, right, so we are finishing the first module which is the foundation. 

I think each one of you have some kind of idea what are we going to, right? So we need to lay the foundation. So foundation is very important. The foundation will help you how high or how deep you want to go. 

I won't say how deep you want to go because that's the words people say go too deep or we say how high you want to go because high is a limit. Deep is unlimited. Deep is a limit. 

How deep? The earth. How deep? You can go all the way through. It's China, so that's the deepest you can go in the earth, right? High? You don't know because out of our solar system, out of the universe, out where? We don't know. 

Can all the way change it before the big bang, right? So that's why high. I think it's better how high you want to go. But no matter what, it's the foundation. 

We say there's a foundation, foundation, foundation. So what we're going to do to study this, we say that it's not just a rational mind, right? We need this mind. We need the mind to help us to analyze, to see, to see these things. 

So this module, we're going to talk about the five element framework. So the framework, just a framework, but the framework includes the five elements. So when the five elements are put into that framework, then position, you have to understand it's called a position. 

Each element has its own unique character, own chi, own consciousness, and own purpose. Each element, but once you put into the system, they can contain their own integrity, own chi, own consciousness, but the relationship can be totally different. So think about that. 

If a water element, we all can say, yeah, water element. So if a water element by itself, that's easy to say, right? Beach, ponds, your backyard, water flow, waterfalls, whatever, it's water. Maybe drinking the water, that's a water element. 

So you can say we are all connected. From the natural elements to the unnatural elements, they are all connected because it's water. But once this water put into different processes, then change it, change it. 

So the water element can be natural, water element can be unnatural. What do you call the unnatural? Main mate, or main manipulate, like a dams, we manipulate. So we think, oh, we need to save the water, we need to build up this, so what do we do? We change the entire energetic flow.

We change it. So by our limited understanding, limited understanding, we think it's a benefit, but we're missing the other side of it. Because the limited understanding, the purpose of what we do, and the manipulated natural law, right? Fire, right? Fire element, everybody understands. 

Fire element, in your house, a fire element, you don't play this stone. How many times you go to play only when you cook? As today, not many people want to cook, and they call, even call Uber to deliver the food. Who's going to cook? Who's going to play this fire element? But unfortunately, nature is going to play, right? Look at the California, wildfire, wildfire, you can play it, but bad good happens. 

How do we know? We don't know, but we know at the front of us. We see the damage, we see the people's house, but we don't see after this, what's happening. We don't see. 

We will not going to see many, many, many years later. What's the whole purpose? We don't know, right? So that's why we say the element itself has own consciousness, own chief, but once put in together, whole concept will change. So today we are going to talk about the first concept, which is in the five elements, why we show the five elements framework. 

Everybody knows this framework. I think you all have this framework in front of you. You see that these are five elements. 

It's nice. It's a circle. It's beautiful. 

It's a relationship, but you see the outside the circle inside the lines. That's called a five element framework, but we only make this called a five element consciousness framework. So ideas remind us to say, hey, do not stuck in this materialized.

We have to go beyond the materialized, beyond the materialized. Once we go beyond the materialized, what do we see? We see the chief. We see the consciousness. 

We see the purpose. That's the framework, but the first framework we see, because we say that at the first class, not today's first class, we say they are many different ways to understand this framework. We try to understand for the Taoist way. 

So the inner Tao has many different concepts. The first one of the unique concept in the Tao is everything is circle. Zhuangzi say huanzi wuduan. 

I said Chinese. Ideally it's a circle, no beginning, no end. So beautiful.

So give us to see the circle is one of the concept in the Tao. One of the concept make you see everything is a circle, no beginning, no end. One day is the circle 24 hours again, again, right? You wake up and you do all needed to do. 

You want to sleep the next day, wake up again. You repeat, right? Day after day, week after week, year after year, life after life. That's all circle. 

And sometimes we say, no, that's enough. I want to get out of the circle. Yes. 

Which can happen. You don't happen. You just enter the same problem again because you enter the same frequency. 

The other circles, circle with the circle, always connect, connect differently. So the circle is the concept once in the Tao. So in this five element consciousness, this framework, we can see the circle, right? We can see outside is a circle. 

It's a big loop. It's a circle. The fire, the metal, and earth. 

But the other circle is a loop inside. Even the stream, the inside the dark lines can be also a circle. So they show you the two of the circles that they are all circles, right? The first circle is outside the circle. 

And then when we say, okay, based on the work to the fire, to the earth, to the metal, to the water. So that's the first circle. This circle in the Chinese framework is called the first circle we have to see. 

Chinese called the Xiangsheng. That circle means Xiangsheng. Why is it so difficult to pronounce it? If possible, you guys should know how to pronounce this concept, this word, right? So we're missing the second one. 

You know, the sun at the above of the E should be straight lines. The straight lines, meaning they are tone. That's a tone. 

Chinese words has a tone, has four tones, right? They say tone, first, second tone, third tone, fourth tone. There's four tones. Xiangsheng, both is the first tone. 

Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Tone. So this vocabulary hasn't been used for thousands years. 

Thousands years. So therefore these two words together create the own chi, own consciousness. So if you try to learn the Chinese five elements framework, I highly recommend you try to, at the least, when someone talk about the Chinese, if you cannot say that, then at the least, when someone come out of the mouth for this, you should realize, oh, that means mutual creations, right? If you translate that to English, you would call it mutual creation. 

Something can be created. So the Chinese also use these words to say, ah, it's difficult. So why not? They give you a more visualized concept. 

It's called a mother-child relationship. So which means each one is the mother. Each one also can be the child.

For example, the wood is the mother of the fire. But the fire can be the mother of the earth. Earth can be mother of the metal. 

Metal can be mother of the water. And the water still be able to be mother of the world. So therefore become circle after circle. 

Remember we say that one's element itself has own integrity, own chi, own consciousness, own purpose. But once they put into these Xiangsheng circles, the position, location, location, location, the location itself, the position itself never change. So therefore whole relationship will be settled down. 

The purpose will be settled down and cannot change. For the mother-child relationship cannot change, right? Many of you have experienced, no matter how old you are, no matter how successful you are, how famous you are, when you go home, Christmas, or your son go home to see your mother, hey, you still child. You still as the daughter. 

You still as the son. No, man, you don't say, I'm the president come home. Hey, come on. 

No, the mother always the mother. In mother eyes, no matter how good you are, you're still my kids. Understand that relationship? And I think most of you have that kind of experience. 

No, I want to change. Hey, when you be the mother, have you heard it? One day you will know. That's why one day you will know, right? It's one day you will know.

In this relationship, they changed because the position, right? Once the work itself enter, now what can be the mother? Also what can be the child? Depend who, right? The relationship depend who. So the here in the Xiangsheng, they are feel the most important concept, which is today we need to discuss, right? We need to discuss the first one. We say the energy, right? This energy, what we call the Xiangsheng energy, mother-child relationship. 

I'm going to change a little bit, right? Xiangsheng, mother-child, this kind of relationship change. So when the relationship, mother and the child, the mutual creation is called a mutual creation. Once mutual creation, the chi can be create mutual creation. 

The consciousness can be mutual creation. The purpose can be mutual creation. Depend how do we want to see.

Now, first, the concept is energy, which is a chi or consciousness. That's always easier from the mother to the child. The energy always is not high. 

I'm not saying mother's energy is high. That's not what I say. I'm saying that's always from the mother position, give it to the kids, give it to the child. 

This one is unconditional, never change, never change. No matter how old you are, does your mother always worry about you? Even they say, I'm not worried about it. I don't care. 

I don't care. The more they say I don't care, the more they care. Otherwise they won't say that. 

So no matter what, that's always worried. Most of you, I think that you have experienced, you still worry about it. Now, some people even worry about their grandkids.

Kids are not enough. Their grandkids, even great-grandkids still trying to work. Why? Think about it. 

That's the nature. So apply this nature to the wood, to the fire, to the earth, to the metal, to the energy. Always from the higher go lower, non-change, non-change.

This concept, this concept in the clinic, in the clinic, right? Otherwise, why we use this? We say because how to use this concept? You often see, you often see the child always need more, right? More. You see the kids always want more. Not to say enough is enough. 

More. They want more. They want more. 

They constantly draw the energy to the mother, from the mothers, because the mother is so easy to give it, right? The wood is easy. The wood killing, water element, right? According for the body is the killing energy, killing and blood, right? It's always easy. Every time your emotions change, you suck out the energy to the killing. 

So the end of the day, you feel tired. The blood pressure go high. How can blood pressure go high? So we try to fix the liver. 

No, it's the killing because the mother energy be sucked out. The one of the which is today, right? One number one killer in the clinic, we say heart disease. What is a heart disease, right? Corneal heart disease. 

That's one of the particularly heart disease. Always. It's not coming from the heart. 

It's coming from the stomach. The earth, stomach and the spleen is the child of the heart. It's a pericardium. 

So therefore, they constantly need it. Why need it? Because function disorder, right? Look at today's diet. Look at what you eat.

So if earth function, which is digestive system function disorder, then what's happening? You impact to the mother. You constantly want more energy and the mother has issues, right? That's the number one. So we need it. 

We understand it's one of the first important concept. Energy always from the mother come to the child. It's very, very difficult to see the child payback, child support. 

You're always difficult to see. The kids always say, mom, don't worry. I will take care. 

I'll take care of myself. I will take care of you. Not the many times you will see that. 

And sometimes you see that you're so grateful, right? You pray, finally, right? My kid wake up, right? Do something. That's the one thing. Now, the second one, the second concept into here is a child always be the child. 

Because the child needs to grow. So what do they need? They need support. They need energetic support, chi support. 

They need the consciousness support. They need the knowledge and they need technique. So therefore, the level of the mother will directly impact to the level of the child growth questions. 

You think of this way. So suppose you say, I want my heart will go on, right? I want open my heart. But if your liver function screw up under a lot of stress, emotional stress or physical stress, spiritual stress, how can you allow your heart open? How can you add that kind of concept? Say, I go out, I go, you know, go weekend workshop to do that, you know, meditation.

My heart will open. Impossible. Excuse me. 

Impossible. Look at the framework. The framework, no matter which master, they have to follow this framework. 

None of the master get above this framework. None. You haven't seen any master say, I'm above the five element world.

No, I haven't seen anyone will say this. So they still have to under these laws that called the natural law. If they teach you the truth, the natural law is a natural law. 

You cannot above the natural law. You can above the human law, but you cannot above the natural. So therefore the mother's balance, mother's harmony, mother's wisdom will directly impact to the child will grow. 

So in the clinic, what do we see? We see many times this happens, right? Like, for example, today, you know, many, many people experience chronic cough after COVID. COVID-19. After that, how many people suffer this chronic cough? So you think it's a lung issue.

You think it's a lung issue. You constantly treat the lung, but it's not. It's a mother.

Digestive system function disorder. The mother doesn't have enough resource. The chi.

As of today, all the chi based on the food. For majority of the people, your chi only can based on the food what you take, but also based on how much you are inherited. That's only two resource. 

Not many people can say, I can get the chi for the sun, for the moon. Your body is not solar system. Have you seen anyone carry the solar panel and walk around? No, you carry the cell phone.

You don't put the solar on your head and walk around, constantly have the chi, have energy you can use. You don't. Even though we eat the food, right? All the plants, veggies, flowers, all the they are solar. 

They are mini solar system because they can get the chi from the sun, then transform to light. We cannot do that. We don't know how to do that. 

And because the majority of the people doesn't know. Only a few people discover that, but they never tell them. They hide it. 

So therefore, if a digestive system is not good, how can they support the kids? How can you really heal your lung issues? Impossible, right? That's what we see. So the mother's level will directly impact the child. That's the second one. 

The third one, third one you see, because the mother and the child relationship, the idea is allow the child to grow, right? Called a mutual creation. So the old, excuse me, I get too excited. Yes, every time I think, I can think that, you know, a lot. 

So which is I can see my master and tell me all of these things make me so excited. How can I get, how can I get, right? So when the child need to grow, right? That's why the Chinese put this kind of image. It's like a mother and child relationship. 

So the child would need to grow. Each one of the little kids for the coming up babies grow, grow, grow, and push it to the school, kindergarten, elementary school, college, PhD. Wow. 

Push, push, push, push to grow mentally, physically, and emotionally. We want to be stronger. We want to be the top. 

We want to stay the top of the mountain. Grow, right? But no matter how much you grow, you're still who you are. You only can be more profound, profound, discover the potential of the who you are. 

Each one of the us contain them all the different potentials, the probabilities, and opportunities. We only can be this, but we cannot go beyond the mother. So you cannot be that way. 

You can be better than her, but you're still who you are. You cannot one day go back to you, tell your mother, hey, get out, I'm the mother now. I'm the boss. 

You don't do some people do that. I know they'd be punished. I'm sorry. 

That's another what I try to say, right? The position never can change. No matter, you only can be more profound of who you are, but you cannot go beyond, right? You only can be more profound. You only can discover the more potential right? So that's why you're in mother's eyes. 

You're watching, you have more potential. Why limit yourself? Why you do this? Limit your potential, potential, right? In somebody's eyes, your master's eyes, your mother's eyes, your teacher's eyes, and elementary school, do you have, remember the first day good at the elementary school, the teacher, they can see the kids immediately. That's a good kid, right? Good kid. 

They see the potential, but there's so many other issues, ADD, all of these things, limiting, right? Limiting the potential. That's what's called the unique character. It's a child never can go beyond. 

Then has one more, it's very important. When? When the mother, the element of the mother be balanced and harmony. If a mother itself discovered, then the child also can be discovered, can be at the right nurture, nurture, right? Nurturing and the teaching and the support, finally, and the child will grow up themselves, discover more. 

Then the mother and the child relationship can be mutual, tend to the oneness. That is the highest level. That's the highest level. 

In the clinic, it's so difficult to see, even though we know, right? In the clinic, we say, mother and the child, same issue. Sometimes, most likely, the clinic will only see it's the same issue. They suffer in the same problem, right? It's the same problem. 

Therefore, in order to fix the visa and the mother-child should fix it at the same time, we go back to the same concept, it's a chronic cough, right? Chronic cough. You look like a lung, we think that the cough always long, right? But it's not, can be mother. Most likely, if you don't know how to do that, go to the mother, never make a mistake because it's a mutual correction. 

The energy is easy to go there, right? So we think this way. So when these things happen, how do we deal? We have to deal with the earth, digestive system, and the lung at the same time. We cannot just treat the lung without considering mother. 

I'll give you another example in the clinic, high blood pressure. The high blood pressure can be emotions, which is a liver issue, but also high blood pressure can be a stachyne issue. You run out of gas, you run out of qi, you're so tired, what's happening? So we have to deal the liver and kidney at the same time.

We cannot just treat liver without treating kidneys. Otherwise, impossible to deal. That's the way we often see the clinic. 

But only once the blue moon, the miracle happens, and the mother is so healthy, so balanced, and the kids are also healthy, then something can be mutual correction. Then turn it to the oneness. Then that's the oneness. 

For example, I do the liver and the kidney again. When the liver and the kidney can be oneness, so that means what we heard is every mother's prayer, every child knows. Have you feel that? The mother can feel the child, thousands of months, no matter where the child is sick, mother have a feeling. 

So does a child have the same kind of feeling? My mother's sick, my mother needs help, without calling you. Feeling, right? Non-rational minds, intuitive minds, in a quantum entanglement, because mother and the child is connected. It's oneness. 

That's what we want to go there. That's the spirit, that's the consciousness of the five element consciousness. What else? I think I should, I covered it, how fast today. 

Wow, I get it done. So therefore we finished. I do have a question for you, Master Liu. 

When you talk about the potential of who you are, I see that as understanding the organ, understanding the element, the consciousness, the chi, right? Understanding its purpose. And then when you say the organ can never go beyond itself, are you saying then that, for example, the lung has its own duty, its own consciousness, its own purpose. It can be more balanced, more enhanced, but it can never be what the mother is.

They are each individual entities. However, together, they can create a harmony. The liver only can become the perfect liver, right? The lung only can become perfect lung.

Right? Each organ, once they're in this kind of framework, they have to fulfill their destiny. They cannot say one day the liver say, I don't want to be the liver, which is we'll talk about the story, right? One day the fish doesn't want to be the fish, it turned into the bird. Couldn't want to be the pen, huh? That's in the dao, right? You can do, but in these bodies, materialize the level of the this, you cannot. 

Each organ, just like a cell, at the beginning of the cell, in the mother's womb, the cell is all equal. Once the cell spread to the different, once it goes to the liver, then the cells agree. My entire life associated, devoted, be a perfect liver. 

They cannot say, oh, I don't like, I can change your mind and go back to the know, right? So that's why we say, I say that the, each element only can be profound, profound to understand she, who is. Okay. We're going to open the questions. 

If you have questions, please raise your hand and please keep your question to today's comment content so that we can continue to digest what we're learning. I also want to say, I love the fact that you bring in the Chinese language of the fact that shangshan has been used for thousands of years. That consciousness allows us to see the mutual creation, how profound that is. 

Okay. Cheryl, did you have a question? Oh, there you are. It's Tom. 

Hi, Tom. Good morning. Morning. 

So when we talk about looking at the five elements and we're trying to create that triangle relationship for healing, does that triangle always include the mother and the child plus the dirt organ? Always say, when you try to look at the relationship, try to create a, a triangle through the five elements. Does that have to include the mother and child? And then we look for the third organ in that relationship. There are always, there doesn't matter. 

That's called the level. So that's why I say, I say that this week, I'm going to introduce in this circle, that relationship. Next week, we're going to introduce in the other framework, in the other circles. 

Then we're going to see the big five element circles, say five element circle included. These are two of the unique relationship, but the ones they put together, it's different because just like how to choose somebody be your team, right? The team, how do you choose? So each one of us has own position. When you're at home, you have a position in front of your wife, your husband, you go back to front of your kid, your father, front of your grandkid, your grandfather, look at the position change. 

Do you change? No, you still time code, but in different eyes, a different relationship is a change. Now you have a party. Who's going to in charge? Your wife in charge. 

And then you think, don't think you are in charge, right? So you have to think of this and suddenly team. So you, once you bring her in, that's it. But once you drive, hey, you charge, you holding the wheel, right? See, that's the different. 

You have to think about that. That's called the team. Each one is different. 

So that's why next week we are going to talk about the Xiangke because these are two basic concepts, unless you truly understand, otherwise just vocabulary itself useless, right? So ideally, since Tom bring up this, I want each one of you really do the homework and try to see each element itself, but also see that each elements can be the mother, also can be the child. What's the difference? You know, what is the difference? They are the child. This relationship when can change, when they can be harmony, they can be oneness, they can do together.

I know it's sometimes difficult. You go out shopping with your mother and sometimes they say, wow, that's your sister, right? No, they say, that's my mother. Now you feel guilty.

My goodness, my mother just look like become my sister, right? Sometimes, you know, it's a funny way, but how come, right? You guys have to see this part. How come you go out with your mothers and other people's eyes, you two like a sister. What's the difference? Sisters and a mother and a daughter. 

See how interesting in your position, you know, that's my mother. In other people's position, wow, you two just like a sister. That's huge difference. 

You guys should really choose this concept, right? You want to be good, that's the way to be good. So that's why I say, it's consciousness make this framework so unique and so powerful. So I just want to bring up at this point that Master Liu will be hosting more sessions until the end of June. 

It was in your email and it'll be posted shortly, but the Saturday sessions will continue through to the end of April. And then we are moving to Monday nights. And the reason is so that he can gradually comb through the entire course and be able to really strengthen our foundation so that the application is pure. 

Sergio, good morning. Hello, good morning. Why is it that in one person Yin Yang is not balanced? No, I just, it's a trick.

Hello, dear Master. I'm just curious, what about in this framework, this consciousness framework, what about the father and child relationship? You can tell that it's the same thing. You can tell that the mother become father and the daughter, but the most likely, that's the words what they use. 

That's the words what they use, because the mother can create the baby. The father cannot create the baby. Father only raise the baby. 

You see the difference? That's the one thing different, right? But we say the father can be all in this reality. Yes, we see the single parents. We see that some fathers still raised, but the father only can raise the baby. 

Father cannot create the baby. So that's one thing right? So you have to look at the other angle creation, what it comes for. Okay, thank you. 

Good morning, Heather. Hi, good morning. Thank you, Master Liu, and hi to everybody. 

So my question is, as I'm holding this framework and I'm hearing you talk, it's really helpful, and I'm trying to, I'm wondering if you could speak, and maybe it will come later in the course, about when we're thinking about that mother and child relationship about the young meridians and organs, like when you're using that COVID example, and I'm hearing about the earth supporting the lungs, I'm wondering about stomach and spleen, or I'm wondering about lung and large intestines, sort of, if you could just speak a little bit to both, if this is the time for that conversation about both the meridians in each element, and how they mother-child relationship. I will, yeah, it's a very good question. That means you want to be thinking further now. 

Good, that's a good way to thinking, but I will put it called the how to apply. After basic foundation later on, now we can play. So I'm going to show you how do we play the same concept, right? So suppose we say yes, how to the lung. 

So here, lung issue, right? It's so simple, lung issue. If I chose the mother-child, so how do I, I can put the sickness, you know, the lung issue become mother, and the child can be a kidney, right? Asthma. Asthma is one kind of issue. 

We treat it totally wrong. We think that the asthma is the lung. No, asthma is kidney. 

It's a child. So how do we see that? So if I look at the asthma and the lung and the kidney, the relationship, right? It's the mother's sick, but it's not the mother's sick. It's the mother's suffer for the kids. 

It's the kidney issue. Understand when a child, when the kids has a fever and the mother doesn't sleep overnight, right? And the next day mother get a headache. So when the mother get a headache, when the doctor get it, you think that the painkiller kind of can fix the mother's headache. 

It's a worry until the child, the fever break, right? Then the headache will go down. That's exactly what we talk about. Thank you very much. 

You're welcome. That will go down. So after this basic, when I lay down this all the relationship, now we're going to play this again. 

So I will put the one of the case because we need real see this case. Otherwise I say that this course is not for theory, not for concept. We want, I want each one of you learn this can be applied. 

You see at least you understand. Oh, no wonder, you know, I continue to take this medication doesn't help because you only need, you only look at one angle. You never look at it. 

So you guys for roles already on the medication, you might be able to real see yourself. You treat the lung. It's my real lung issue or it's my kidney issue. 

Oh, it's my digestive system issue. Oh, it's a bowel issue, right? It's a greater way. Put yourself into this framework. 

Then you might see totally different pictures. Thank you very much. Hi, Alexandra.

Hello. Good morning. My question is if there's no liver, let's say there's no liver health issue present. 

How do we know that the mother is really supporting the child? Like is it I'm trying to not conceptualize it too much. So I understand that the mother, the kidney is associated with the mind and intuition. But how do we know that if there's no health issue? How do we know that that support system is really in flow? Is it the communication between the child and the mother or? So that's why I do remember the homework I give you guys at the first class, I give you a chart. 

So each elements, all the ingredients you should know. The first one is the one piece of paper everybody should know in the kidney. So what is the organ related to the kidney? Bones and minds and feelings, the colors, the taste, all of these things. 

Then you'll be able to see if you don't know this kind of ingredients, which is called a puzzle. Now, how can you put it together to see the picture? Right. So right now, yes, the picture, you try to see the picture, but you're missing the puzzle. 

There are so many other areas, layer after layer. So that's why we say that from the visible to invisible. Visible is a condition, it's a sentence. 

Invisible is a chi, it's a consciousness, it's a relationship. So difficult. So try to get the visible part first. 

Then add the invisible part. There's always an issue. Who doesn't have an issue? Who doesn't have a liver issue? And who doesn't have a kidney issue? As of today, who doesn't have? You don't find any healthy people. 

So that's why today is so difficult for the acupuncture school. Try to listen, feel, try to learn how to feel the pulse. Because you never feel the healthy people's pulse. 

Now, how do you know what kind of pulse is healthy? You have to see the healthy first. You have to taste the real good food. You don't taste the real Chinese food. 

Now you think your local Chinese take out Chinese food. No, that's not Chinese food. Is the sign different for every person? The sign of a healthy liver, let's say, is the sign like flexibility and a certain feeling are we looking for? You can be flexibility. 

That's only one potential. There are other things you have to consider the whole, right? That's one angle. It doesn't mean say, hey, my liver test is perfect, and then I'm perfect liver. 

No, depending in whose eyes, depending in what framework, right? I just say that the framework is different, the position is different, the purpose is different, depending that you are at the different framework. Like a framework within a framework. That's right. 

It is. So that's why I call the beauty. That's the beauty of the life, right? That's the beauty of the circle. 

Circle connected to the circle. Life connected to the life. So that's why we say that nothing can be separate. 

There's always a connect, just a connect at the which level. Okay. Thank you. 

So Master Liu, I just want to reframe that question a tiny bit. If you have a medical test and it shows that your liver, your blood work, everything is fine, but you're stuck in an emotion, maybe anger or frustration. Does that mean that the mother, the kidney is not supporting the liver enough? No, that cannot just simply say the mother. 

You only can say if a test of the liver is a perfect number, but still doesn't mean your liver function is better. Because liver function better will perform at many different levels, many different levels and many different ways. So that's why when we go down this course, then we will come out the example to say, how do we see the liver? Yeah. 

Your test can be shown you are good, right? You are good, but you still have a liver issue. So how do we define the liver issue? Anyone today have an eye issue? Does your liver function good? No, none of the guys. The liver can be function good, right? There's so many, I can point out there's so many areas. 

So, you know, look at your nails. It's shining, right? The liver, look at your tendons, right? There's so many areas. It depends on how do we want to see.

Okay, Shannon. Hi, Master Liu. I'm curious about the mother-child relationship with regards to nurturing your actual mother, biological mother, or mother-in-law with your TCM gifts.

Because strangely enough, my mother and my mother-in-law are two of my most profound clients with regards to Qigong and my classes and medical Qigong treatments. And I'm wondering, like, did you ever get the opportunity to treat your mother? And if so, did you feel profound benefits after you treated them? Because if you're working on the meridian level, your treatment of your mother or mother-in-law or whomever is in that mother role, you should then immediately feel the benefits of the child. Is that correct? Like from a meridian level? Maybe, maybe not. 

Only can say maybe, maybe not. Because you still treat. The treatment is natural. 

The mentality what you use for treatment is natural. But the treatment is unnatural. Still is unnatural. 

The Qigong is unnatural and the medical Qigong is unnatural? No, medical Qigong is natural. But the treatment is unnatural. That's Yin and Yang, right? The Qigong is natural. 

The medical Qigong is natural. But to use the medical Qigong for your mother to treatment is unnatural. Why is it unnatural? Because you give it to them. 

You force that. You try to force the Qi. Give it to her. 

It's natural. She just sitting next to you. You hold the hand.

Then the Qi just flow just like a movie. Suck it in. That's natural. 

Treatment without the treatment. Oh. So you want to put this way. 

So therefore even you put effort into that still doesn't mean because it's outside force this Qi into the somebody. And it depends how much she willing to open. And it depends how much you the position. 

Your position is 100% in that position or just need to get it down. Yes, I'm a mother. I have to do that. 

That's my, you know, that's a requirement. That's something my duty. Then you have to do that.

Depend. So that's why I only can say depend. Maybe. 

I cannot say 100%. Oh, she's doing it in her heart to nurture my skills. That's right. 

You go to practice Qigong. You are fulfilling your destiny. Then she proud of your Qi. 

That's a natural. Yeah. Thank you. 

That's a natural treatment without the treatment. I wish we all can get to this high level. Right. 

That's just a many, many, yeah, many years ago. So when my mother has, you know, stroke at that issue, I tried to fix. I tried to do that. 

That's my master tell me exactly. You do natural, but it's still unnatural. That's what I learned and how much I can do.

But I still do the best of what I can, but I only can do the best where I can. So the only one way is that when my mother goes to sleep, I go to practice my Qigong. So I wish I can break this fears in unconsciousness level. 

She would be better because I am part of her life. Thank you so much. Yeah. 

Nancy. Hi, Nancy. Thank you so much. 

I want to go back to Alex's question. It feels to me like she doesn't, let's not make it individual. If you're experiencing something pain and you decide to try this path and follow you, then you look for the place in the framework that's responsible for your joints. 

And then what you do is think about what's the mother of that. And that's where you're going to put your energy. So, but if it's subtle and you don't think you have a liver issue, then these other places in our system is where you would look your nails and that would tell you, but what if, and then, so there's always a visible element that tells you which organ.

No, sometimes it doesn't need to be invisible. There's always something in front of you, you never see. Right, right. 

And the thing you see, then you put it in the framework. That's right. You put, yeah, whatever would you see that you put it into the framework.

So whatever you put that in framework, you should ask yourself, if it's the framework of fulfillment, that is all the puzzles I put in, because the level of the who you are. Okay. Thank you, Nancy. 

Good morning, Natalie. Good morning, everyone. Hi, Master Liu. 

I had a separate, I had a different question, but then after Shannon's question, I wanted to know more because probably like most practitioners, you know, we do treat our family and we do treat our parents. And yes, I would totally agree with Shannon that it could be my most profound patient, my most difficult patient. So I want, if you could expand a little bit on what you just said, um, see if I heard you right, that the, it is unnatural for the child to potentially treat the mother or in my case, the father, um, through a visible treatment, but in an invisible state, I can kind of understand the work that needs to be done upon both individuals. 

But what if the parent doesn't want to give as much as the child or in a way it's, it's all relative, I guess. See, here I go. I'm going to start to spiral. 

So I'll stop. Whatever would you see, go back to the, you know, first class, you know, first module we learned in Yang concept, whatever would you see is Yang, whatever we haven't seen, whatever would you see is based on the, all the things that you haven't seen, right? Contained this concept name. Therefore we make a choice based on the world we see, we jump into fast conclusion. 

That's number one. Number two, when I say, when I say it's unnatural, it doesn't mean the treatment is just means that everything from outside to push, to give it to the patient, just always unnatural. Understand? Because it's outside in, not inside out. 

Based on this concept, no matter what you do, still is unnatural. Just like I give you the other, much easier cancer, right? Scary. Cancer is natural in the human body, human life. 

You get a cancer, it's natural, but to get the treatment, it's unnatural. When I say to get the treatment, to get the treatment and the chemo, that's unnatural. But if a patient themselves are going to eat the dandelions, get this, you know, get some juice, maybe that's a natural because they do this on their own processing. 

Understand the concept? Yes. You have a, for example, you have a, you know, you grow the ones here, the skin, people, oh, that's a skin cancer. Skin cancer on your face is natural. 

To try to buy a disease and to take it off, that's unnatural. You understand the concept? Because it's a body from inside out. So how to create it? That's why most of us, you know, good way. 

So that's why you guys are so good. I believe most of you in the discourse, I have that kind of passion, you know, one or another child. How can I really understand this cancer? You want to be paid back. 

You want to create a harmony. Remember, answer lies within. You have consistent, you is a part of creation to your parents. 

It doesn't matter your mother, your father, you still have a 50% of the end, 50% of the herb. So therefore you are the other part of themselves. So that's why sometimes when they look at you, what do they see? They see themselves.

You don't have to do much. Sometimes you don't need to do much. Sometimes it's just a hold the pain. 

Better than the needles. Because the whole, the pain is a natural, right? Compare the needle is unnatural, right? You got it? Yes. Because the hang hold is a biological natural. 

So the natural itself is a much higher level because we cannot perform the natural healing. We perform the unnatural of the natural healing. And then we're proud of ourselves.

Ooh, I give you a natural acupuncture and a massage. We forget that I just touch. Nice kiss. 

And the cook the dinner, right? Because we say invisible is better than the visible. Invisible is more powerful than the young, right? If that's the theory, we are following this kind of Daoist concept. Why not? We apply. 

So that's why when I see patients, most of the time it's talk. After talk is done, then I say the main course is already finished. Then they say, where's my needles? Yeah. 

Needle. Oh, I tell my patient, I give you a needle that's a deserves main treatment already done. Main treatment is done. 

Then just to make it, they feel they got something, right? So I can put the one needle. They are not satisfied. They say, I go to other acupuncturists and they put all the over. 

I say that, let me put them all, right? Because how can you think, right? How many times I tell my master, put more needles. Because they don't believe that you only need the one needle. The other needle is for mine.

Thank you. Thank you. Okay. 

Hi, Vicky. Good morning. Well, good morning. 

Thank you. I want to make sure I understood this. You said oneness. 

Consider the whole yin yang cannot be separated. You said Xiang Sheng will lead to Xiang Ke. So what I'm hearing is oneness also always has yin and yang. 

So oneness actually also is duality. Is that true? Oneness is another duality. Oneness is just a oneness. 

Okay. Duality is you separate that from the oneness out and then turn it to the yin and the yang. Oneness contain the yin and the yang.

Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 

Joanna, good morning. Good morning, everybody. Good morning, Master Liu.

I've been wondering or thinking about how all this connects to my Qigong practice. I've heard you say several times, we can't fully understand this with our mind, but we have to understand it with our heart. And so I think that's where the Qigong comes in, maybe meditation, trying to be still.

I wonder if you have any advice on that, or is it just a matter of continue to do my Qigong practice that I'm doing? If you want to discover deeply, or you say discover true, you will need the qi. Because the bottom line is the qi. Each element is elements. 

Qi is not an element. It is self. Then the qi is invisible. 

Qi is invisible. Elements are visible. Fire is visible. 

Water is visible. Right? Earth is visible. Yeah. 

Earth I can make the cup is visible. Water I can drink is visible. But the qi of the water, the qi of the earth, that's invisible.

But to understand invisible exists, you must have a true personal experience. When I say this experience, it means experience without the mind. Without the mind. 

If you use mind to experience the qi, just like so many Qigongs, feel the qi from the down, up, down, and warm. That's mind manipulate the qi. Some people doing this feel the hands warm and that is mind involved.

My question is, without the mind, does your qi can make a body have that kind of feeling? If you can have that experience without the mind and the qi can do something and can show you something, then you can jump from the concept of the qi become experience of the qi. The real qi. Just like we cannot just read the poetry and watch the love movie and think love exists, unless you are truly falling in love. 

Then you say, wow, love is real. Then why after this, and some people get the divorce still want it because they don't satisfy. They want more.

Right? You have to experience something is real beyond the mind. Then you will understand, oh, it's real because the qi is real. Each element's qi is real. 

You just haven't seen it. Then the next level, which is what we do in the real practice, next level, the real qi must have to take a student to experience how to communicate with elements, with the trees, the qi. Now, how can you differentiate that? This tree, pine tree, and the oak, what's the difference? You suppose it should be feel the difference. 

If the qi is real, but unless you be real, you cannot use the mind. Mind can differentiate that. That's still not the qi level. 

That's without the mind. So the first level of the qi is try to discover the qi is real. You have to reach this level to say qi is real without the mind. 

Otherwise, inside all this is real. All the Chinese medicine talk about the qi, ya, qi, liver qi is real. It's not real because you haven't experienced. 

You just follow the theories, follow the book. The deeper down, you're still not a hundred percent. You need a hundred percent. 

That's it. No matter what, no matter what you change, the qi still is real. Would something like, you know, having certain dreams, would that be an example of starting to, let's say, get messages about that? The dream just to give you a message. 

You still have to use the message, right? Dream just like someone wire the money to your account. You have to spend it. Otherwise, just see the account, see your account. 

You only look at the number. You haven't used the money. You have to take the money, get a nice vacation. 

Then you see something different. Then you feel good and come back. Ooh, that vacation is good. 

Otherwise, the money just sit in the bank. All you see is number change. Okay, thank you. 

Last question of the morning, Edna. Yes, I'm interested in the child never can go be the mother because the child will be the mother of another organ. So, it will become as good, the child will become as good as the mother when it becomes the mother of another child. 

So, how does that work in terms of, you said something about like liver and heart only coming oneness when the mother give everything and become balanced, but then everything has to be balanced because there cannot be two organs. I mean, everything oneness, but all the organs have to be, there cannot be two organs in that relationship when there's another one that doesn't reach that level. Like, I'm a mother and I have become a better daughter because I understand now my mother in a way that I didn't when I didn't have a child. 

So, good. The child becomes as good as the mother because it's a mother to another organ. You know what I'm asking? No, I know what you're asking for. 

You don't be too, you know, you put the one of the, you put the concept too literally as the personal as the mother and the child, right? The mother and the child, they just give you a one concept to understand this kind of relationship. So, when I say this, child never can become the mother because the child only can be profound then. That relationship cannot change. 

Look at how successful can you say, I'm replace my mother. You cannot replace your mother. You only can be more profound your life. 

See, discover who you are and the more areas your potential, your capability, you can be more profound. That's what I say, right? The child only just liver can be more profound of the liver itself, experience all the possibility, but the liver can never become the kidney because the liver can never become the kidney, which is the liver never can be the organ to inherit the wisdom and store it into the liver. Doesn't do that. 

Yeah, I get it. Understand that cannot have changed this natural law because once you are positioned into this Xiangsheng framework, that relationship cannot change. That's your agreement. 

Understand that's called the natural agreement. You agree. You are in this relationship with the framework. 

Understand that you have to look at this concept. It's in this framework. It's a mother-child framework, Xiangsheng framework. 

You never can change. You only can be profound of who you are. You cannot go beyond, go change the position, ideas. 

You change your position. You cannot change. You only can be profound of who you are.

Understand that you cannot say, oh, I'm so good. And now I be the fire. You cannot. 

You cannot say I'm so good that now I'm the heart. No, the liver only can be the liver. I get it. 

Thank you. All right. So do you have any homework for us? I think the homework is that you guys have to use this concept and look at yourself and maybe look at the leather bed of your outside mother-child, whatever this kind of relationship, truly understand and maybe use a condition, use it this way. 

Dive deep, right? Not a superficial level. And otherwise, you're not going to use this wisely. Okay. 

It's simple. So that's why I give you all, you guys, children chewed deep. Dive, right? Dive in. 

Real processing. All right. Well, we covered so much today. 

Qi, qigong, consciousness, mother-child gives us a lot more to chew on. But I think folks just know that the more you study this, the more you experience it, the more trust and faith you'll have in the framework, and then you apply it more deeply in your life. So thank you, Master Liu. 

Thank you, everybody. So do the homework. See you guys. 

Thank you, Master Liu. Okay. Bye. 

Thank you so much. Have a great day. Thank you so much. 

Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye. Have a good weekend. 

Thank you all. Bye. Very enlightening.

Thank you. Bye. Great. 

Thank you.