Welcome, welcome to your Saturday with Grand Master Liu. Always stimulating, right? Gives us so much to think about. So over the last few weeks, we've been really diving into consciousness, qi, yin yang theory. 

And now as we move forward, we're going to be completing that whole module and then moving into the elements. So Master Liu, what guidance do you have for us today? Nothing. That's why they say nothing is everything. 

So I promise you get nothing. So today is the last module, or last class of the first module, which is the lay down the foundation. So the foundation. 

So foundation always very important. And particularly when we study Chinese stuff, there's always a foundation. But the foundation has two aspects. 

One is visible, one is invisible. So which means that we just talk about this class and the last class, yin and yang. So that is the most important concept. 

The most important concept. Why we say that the most important concept? Definitely you guys will say that's so important, why not start this class first? Because it's so important. If I started this class, if you make a mistake, you get a 50% make a mistake. 

Right? We say that. Yin and yang, 50-50. If you mistake one, you're 50% wrong. 

Then you never passed. You rather do five elements. You're missing one element. 

That's only 20% miss. So you still get a B plus. This way you get a C minus. 

So you get an F. You fail. So I'd rather do five elements first. But that doesn't mean five elements is not important. 

Five element consciousness is a framework. The most profound framework, because they perform this. They bury everything what we learned into this framework.

So depending on the level, how can you use? Each element you can see in yin and yang. Each element you can see visible, invisible consciousness at the qi. There's so many areas we discussed in this couple of classes. 

So fundamental is always important. Without this fundamental concept you build in, you don't have enough resource to allow you to continue to grow. Later on, how much you can grow is dependent on how deep, how profound this foundation built inside of you. 

Otherwise, you still know five elements. Then five elements, just a superficial level, almost like a last class. When I say yin yang, what's the concept? Yin yang. 

So you translate the English, it become yin yang. So I will strongly recommend you guys study Chinese yin yang. Why? You supposedly, suppose after today, you should be able to use all the knowledge or all the information what you learned at the first couple of classes to prove why you need to use Chinese. 

Why you use Chinese? Instead you say yin yang. Why? You supposedly should be able to prove this. You supposedly should be able today to prove, to stand up to say there are no accidents. 

Why? Can you prove? You should be able to prove. You should be able to learn to use the knowledge and use the information which you learned to at least to prove there are no accidents. Everything happens for a reason.

You supposedly should be at least at the high BS level. At least at this type of information, in this type of the concept, you should be able to prove there are no accidents. You should be able to prove everything is achieved. 

Everything has a consciousness. Have a consciousness that they have a purpose. You have to, right? So if this concept cannot be buried inside with you, cannot be so naturally coming out, then later on all your learning, just a superficial level, then you know superficial level is so little. 

At least today, at least today we know science, right? At least in modern science point of view, how much would you know? How much would we know? Modern science already proved we only know four percent of the entire universe. Only four percent of the universe. Now, follow me carefully, carefully. 

Four percent of the universe in a modern science point of view, universe is still limited because it's a universe. It's a universe, but it's not a dial. It's a universe. 

Universe is a confounder dial. The dial is much bigger than the universe, guys. If you're really thinking what's happening here, universe is to come after the big bang. 

The dial is before the big bang. You see the difference? You have to really see that before the big bang, something already there. Then the big bang is called the universal exist. 

Now, even though in this universal exist, today's science only tell us we only know four percent. The four percent what we know is based on what? Based on the knowledge, based on the information, based on everything we can see, or based on the everything we are maybe, maybe we try to discuss. So that's why we send the people out of space. 

Unfortunately, they stuck there for a couple months. Right? We send out, we thought that we can go there, find more information. But we think we can out and bring back. 

Something happens. Why something can happen? They are no accidents, guys. They are no accidents.

There are two people stuck in outside the space in a couple of months. Does anyone ask it? What do they see? What do they really see? What is the purpose that they are there to meet something? Hey, they might bring back a lot of information, a lot of longevity, a lot of something we don't know out of space. Since everything is the cheap, everything is connected. 

Understand what I try to say here? So you guys are real thinking this way. So if that's the way, how do we deal with the information? So we say that we are teaching this class is called the consciousness. The more important, we are not just focused on five elements. 

We want to go beyond the elements. We want to know something before the elements. What is purpose? We go backward.

Reverse, they call the reversing energy, right? The engineer. So you have to go back. What element exists? Why they exist? Because they have a purpose. 

What's the purpose? Because they have a consciousness. Why the consciousness? Because they need the cheap. So what make it they can be exist? Power, information, make everything conscious. 

So therefore, when we look at that any event materialize, there's two things, events or matters, right? There's two things. One is events. One is the matters. 

Matter is like a cup. That's exact. Oh, cup, that's easy to say.

That's easy to say. How about events? Events happens. Parties. 

Tonight, today's a Saturday, Saturday night, eh? Some people they be backyard has a party, has a barbecues. It's all going to happen. That's called events. 

Like today's class, that's called events. Events, but the events also contained consciousness, contained the cheap, contained the cheap. So this way will focus, help us see, try to see they are something beyond.

I don't know the whole work, how many people really try to practice, right? You need to really try to practice of the elements of the yin and yang, yin yang concept. You have to practice, you must. So this way will help you, at least help you to see things differently. 

If you cannot see things differently, then how can you discover little bit of truth, little bit of truth, just a little bit of truth. That's the number one, very important. The second thing we say important is concept. 

In the first, this module, we try to build up this concept is that we have to know. There are many different ways that can learn this framework, many different ways that therefore many universities, many masters are there to teach, right? So we are teaching, I'm trying to teaching this, is based on the system, right? We say information, data is knowledge, then is the system. Which system you are using this concept, that system is what we learn is try to base on the Laozi and Zhuanzi, they call the Laozi and Zhuanzi, which is based on the Dao concept.

What is a Dao? We say that Dao is a Dao, then the Dao can manifest as the oneness, then the oneness can manifest two, which is yin and yang. The yin-yang can manifest many things, then the many things can be also expanded for everything. So therefore, everything contain the yin-yang, everything contain the Dao. 

So where is the Dao? You are the Dao, I am the Dao, everything has the Dao, can we see the Dao? That's the goal. And that's the goal through this class can help us to understand how can we use this framework to make our life, to make our health different, to make our relationship different, and particularly for those suffer, what we call the suffer, at the difficult situations, you are stuck in the different situation, that always has a reason, that always has a challenge. Okay, that's the first one. 

The second one is, since we say concept, we are using system, the system what I learned, that's a system what I learned, is my master say, it's through the element, the word element is my, what you call it, it's not mine, it's the system what I learned. Why I saw this, now we go to the word element, why word element so unique? Because in the other elements, thousands, hundreds of years ago, in the classical science, classical Chinese medicine, some master already discovered it, they are already has a system through the water elements, they are already has a system through the earth elements, right, there are no systems through the word elements in Chinese medicine. So the word elements has a unique, why word elements so unique? The word elements so unique, because they exist for purpose, purpose. 

So at the word element, one of the most important, it's not the element itself, it's the consciousness of the element. So consciousness of this element is a role, different, be flexible, right, can be bent, can be changed, can be changed, right. So this element itself can be flexible, so flexible as one kind of English, but the beauty of the word element, the most important word element is tenderness. 

Particularly this concept applies for the human life, for the healing, is the most important. Tenderness contains the essence of the Dao. So in the Dao, which is this system, when we try to follow the two things, one is the water, in the Dao De Jing, there's always use of water element as the example, as the method, as the mirror, and tell us, Lao Tzu is trying to tell us, the best, the highest level, you must pertain, performing yourself like water, flexible, flow, right. 

So the water, I don't have to say much, you got to say, but tenderness becomes so important. But today you can say, if a tenderness with the beauty is in and the yang, the beauty is yang, the tenderness is in. Entire whole world, everybody is focused on the yang, how to become more beautiful, right. 

The queens, masks, technique, everything's beauty, beauty, beauty, beauty. The beauty, right, how to dress is for beauty. So therefore, you are constantly focused on the yang, how much yang you can accumulate.

Four percent, maximum is a four percent. Think of this, so entire beauty, no matter how beautiful you are, it's a four percent of your total beauty. So the other 96 percent is tenderness to make the beauty. 

The more beautiful you are, then you need more tenderness. Then why not the build up your tenderness and the beauty will just grow through. Can you imagine, we have a new class on how to become more beautiful and not become more beautiful, how to sustain the beauty for longer time. 

It's a different concept. You can be beautiful. Yeah, it's much easier, plastic surgery, up to this, how long you can keep it. 

A few months, a few years later, they tighten, then eye doesn't move anymore, mouth doesn't move anymore. But how can keep this longer? The yang and in, there's always cannot be separate. See, that's what you learn. 

That's what we understand. But how to apply, how to apply this? So that's why when we say, when I learned from my master, say through the liver, because the liver has one of the most profound category or most profound, what do you call it, the essence near to the bow is tenderness. But also through the five element framework, you see the wood element is the child of the water. 

So the wood element is the child of the water. The relationship here is a generation. So therefore you come from the mother, right? Each one of you, each one of us, we are come from our mother. 

You are not saying you come from nowhere. You come from your mother. So therefore you are contained essence, you contained consciousness of your mother. 

Then therefore you are contained the consciousness of water. Now the wood element contain two of the essence or two of the consciousness of the Dao. Right? Water, tenderness. 

Think this. So that's why the wood element so important. Then therefore you put this wood element is between water and the fire, right? Look.

So therefore the wood is a middle. Water and the fire is yin and yang. If water and the fire can be oneness, then the wood also can be the oneness at the between. 

So the wood have this capability to transform the yin and the yang. Water and the fire. Two days ago is a spring equinox.

The spring equinox also contain the information of the wood element. It's a spring. It's the what? It's the liver. 

So now look at this whole concept. Summer source, winter source, water and the fire. Yin and yang. 

Now the spring equinox, fall equinox, spring equinox at the between summer source and the winter source. The entire energy is transformed. Now if we can balance at this moment, then we'll be able to balance yin and yang. 

We'll be able to balance visible and invisible. So entire concept is here. How to get a balance. 

So that's why wood element itself becomes so important to get a balance. So that's why in wood element, if you apply this concept into our human body, then we say it's the liver. Then the liver, the wood element of the liver has what? Has yin and yang. 

Also the liver and the gallbladder is the yin and yang. And the gallbladder meridians running through between the yin and yang. The front body is yin, back of the body is yang. 

The gallbladder meridians running both sides is yin and yang. So the energy network is make your visible body become totally connected. Right? So you have to see this path. 

Everything is connected. Nothing can be separate. So that's why. 

That's why. That's not just why. That's the one of the reason what I learned. 

My master say go through this path. That's unique because they can transform. They have so many aspects of the Tao. 

The other so important concept of the wood element which is the liver, this path, is the emotions. The qi, right? We say everything is the qi. We'll go back to one of the concepts. 

Life is the qi. What is qi? Qi is power, right? Power, information, consciousness, and the life source. So how do we define your life or death? Qi.

With the qi, you are alive. Without the qi, you are dead. You're just pieces of meat and the light down there. 

Then what's the difference? No qi. Every piece of your organs still there, but you don't have a qi. Nothing can function. 

All you're missing is invisible qi, in despair. Young body still lying there. So why you need a body without the qi? You need a qi. 

You work so hard to go to the gym, all through the body, then you go to the gym, try to build a qi. Can we go to the store? Can we go to the Amazon, buy the qi, purchase the qi? They are, they deliver to you. How do you know they deliver for you? You know, deliver means just suck out the qi first. 

No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that that kind of way, right? We know the product from your house. They take a picture. 

They cannot take a picture of the qi. Yes, I send qi. And then you say, oh no, the car always change. 

I know qi, you know, has a leak. Right? And then we say, oh, you have a qi leak. Now you have an energy leak. 

The qi is very important. So everything needs a qi. The liver qi is very important. 

So we need this qi. The qi can spit out just that moment. And the qi can change just that moment. 

So that's right. And this moment you are peaceful. Next moment you get angry. 

You get angry. What's happening? Emotions. Emotions is a qi. 

The qi will change. When the qi can change it, what happens? The blood can change. Yin and yang can change. 

If a qi can arise and the blood can arise, and then your blood pressure can arise. After rise at a certain level, suddenly you have no qi, then the blood stuck there cause the blood clog. Then if you stay at the, the blood stop at the wrong place, then stroke happens at the wrong place. 

And then the outcome will be different. Now you can use this qi to explain why you get a stroke. Qi. 

Qi make blood flow, make a clock moving. So if you have qi strong, even you have a clock, doesn't matter. I can move this clock and transform this clock in a different way. 

Because you say Yin Yang concept can be changed. Interchangeable. So that concept is another important way to let us to see why liver so important. 

Because your life, your life, entire our life is based on the qi. Our life is based on the qi. But unfortunately we are constantly use the qi.

Then we constantly waste the qi. Waste the qi. I know many of us have experienced how difficult to save money, right? You save money, you save money, you save money because you want to put the down payment. 

You want to pay off the student loan, right? It's very difficult to save. You have to allow the discipline, you know, control. No, I'm not going to buy this. 

I have to pay off my debt. Control. But you never control your emotions. 

You're such a waster. Can you imagine every time you have emotions, it's one more wrinkle going to get deeper. Ah, suddenly that's so depressed. 

If I put that, your emotions associated with your wrinkle, my goodness, it's so depressed, right? But we wouldn't say that this. And then that's why someone just read the lines of the wrinkle knows what kind of emotions would you have. Can you imagine that? That would be the new class. 

I think everyone would decide how to read the wrinkles to diagnosis your qi deficiency. They are no accidents. See, go back again. 

That's the concept you have to see. Because different qi, different emotions contain different qualities of the qi. Then different quality of the qi will run through the different meridians. 

And the different meridians will run through the different parts of body parts. You see that? So that's why your qi change, your outside body change, the quality of your skin change, quality of your life change. And then the bottom line is the qi, the bottom line is emotions. 

Each one of us knows to save money is so difficult. To make money is a little bit difficult. We know, right? You want to make more, you need to work hard. 

You might get two jobs to make more money. But to save, how difficult? Many of you practice qigong to stand in there how long? Hours. How difficult? At the beginning, you only can do five minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. 

Even though you can do 40 minutes, hours, you can build up just one angle. The power of emotions, you don't know, because it's so bad we don't see. That anger itself, just think that anger can make a stroke. 

That anger, that emotion is equal like sending a missile out of space. That kind of power. But unfortunately no one sees that. 

We just waste. Because we think it gets easier. We think we have unlimited resources. 

Unlimited resources. We don't care. We just use them. 

Continue, continue, continue. I'll give you one example, right? Think of this example, right? Listen to me carefully. Right now, each one of you going to screening for two minutes or three minutes, five minutes maximum. 

Next day, your soul hurts. You don't have a voice. Five minutes. 

I think you guys maximum five minutes. You are screaming, crying. Next day, you don't have a voice. 

Then why baby can cry hours around the milk, around the sun, three hours. Next day still can't have a voice. Yeah, we have a pediatrician here.

She can tell you all of this stuff. What's happening? The baby has that kind of power, can scream and cry. Never lost the voice. 

Qi, that's the Qi. That's giving you a concept. Powerful Qi, life's force. 

We don't have. See, you know. That's what you know.

That's why the one of the good way to say someone say, oh, I have Qi. Come on, we're both screaming. Who can scream in a longer? Not today's longer, tomorrow.

We see, do you still have a voice? Oh, what's happening for you? I don't have a voice. You know, you don't have a Qi, right? The Qi. Why? Now go back one more time.

Location, location, location, right? Because the location is visible. It's Yang. Behind this location is invisible. 

It's a meridians, Qi flow. The flow, this location contained many different meridians run through this. Your lung, your colon, your kidneys, your liver, all these meridians running through this. 

So you think it's just a voice call. The voice itself has to be manifest, has to be cooperated with all these meridians. And just by the voice itself, all the meridians and the vibrator at the same time create your personalized symphony information. 

So that's why the song, the crazy, the cry takes a lot of Qi. Now you understand when you get angry, when you get emotions, how much Qi you will waste, how much energy you will waste. Now, if, if we can follow the natural law, we can use these five element consciousness framework, create the balance. 

Then therefore later we can create a harmony. Then how much energy we can save. We can use this energy for healing. 

We can use this energy to discover our inherited gift. We can use this energy to help others. I think that's each one of you guys, the dream. 

That's our dream, right? We can use this Qi at the beginning for help others, not help others. I'm sorry, I'm wrong. To help ourselves. 

Then later be able to help others. Okay. The other thing, so we say, all right, so all of this is a work element, the work element. 

So that is one of the, our system, what we learn. So follow this concept until next module, follow the module. So we are always, you can see why every time we do the relationship, we do the treatment. 

So we always based on this concept. We always do this work elements, just like a gate, just like your parents take you guys to the magical kingdom, which gate you enter, right? We are enter five element universe, which gate we are enter. We are enter work gate, work element gate. 

We are, we are choosing work element gate because we know this gate so well. We know the power because that power is everyday life we spend, every time we spend. So if we know how to resource, how to manage the energy, how to change the emotions, we have more Qi. 

We have more Qi, we have more power. So if we use, we can use good concept, right? If we can use good consciousness, the framework, what kind of illness and the disease we cannot manage. Everything is possible, can be managed.

So that's why the beauty of the five element consciousness framework is not just give us in the relationship outside the visible way and give us invisible way to see behind this materialized element is the Qi, is consciousness, is interrelationship. That's why next module, we are diving deeply to understand the unique relationship. It's a relationship make a difference. 

It's the team effort. So I know people love it to say, oh, it's a team effort. Yeah. 

It's a high level. Yes. It's team effort, which is true. 

It's a team effort. It is your team effort. You guys have to think in this. 

The other way to do the homework is real play your five fingers, truly understand. So simple concept. I'm telling you, because if you want to use this so naturally without the thinking, without the thinking, but you have to think you still need to think why sometimes you use the thumb, not index finger.

Why sometimes you need two? You need a real thinking this. Why sometimes you need a three when you're holding things? Why index finger have enough? Sometimes why you need a whole hand? You never think, but you do that. Why? Why? Because if you think still connect to different connect to different elements, then why you can use so naturally without a think because it's yours. 

It's yours. It's natural. But how can you use this natural capability in the forgiving to understand you are the mirror of the universe and that you are the child of the universe to understand everything's connect is your hand or is the consciousness of the elements calling you or guide you, or that is the remote control outside the space outside your body and somebody click and you are moving. 

I'm just giving this question. You don't need to give me the answer. You don't need to give me answer. 

You just follow this concept. Try to understand it's you or it's the other you or it's all the use, right? I forget which movies we, you know, I forget that the movie, the name of the movies, I liked the one that the guy and the aimed to promise the girls, I will love you in all the universe. I say, what? That guy gotta be knows though. 

Otherwise it wouldn't come out of this link. Not love you in this universe. I would love you in all the universe. 

That means how many universe ever there because at a different universe, you are pretend you are has a different body part. You have a different relationship. So that guy says, no matter what I change, no matter what I wear, I still love you. 

How deeply touch, but today we don't do this, right? We only touch the most. We only say, that's too fast. Ash to ash, even promise. 

And the one day still get out of here. I hire best lawyer fighting, right? We still doesn't do that. Right. 

I'm sorry. That's another marriage counselor here. So we don't talk about that part, but we still talk about that. 

Love you at all the universe. Anyway. Right. 

So I just, I just tried to say this to you guys. It's a soul beauty. This, you know, thank God. 

I would say, thank God. The Chinese ancient masters discovered this framework. This is a simple framework, not for high level people practice is for everybody. 

Everybody can be, you know, have experience has opportunity to use this framework to discover them position, then position or them relationship with the nature, with their own life, right? That's why I was thinking, isn't the most beautiful of this five element consciousness of framework. So no matter what you guys still need to work on the basic concept in the past, that this across a few cross, get this done. And then when the next module will come in, I'm not going to go to so deep. 

I'm going to continue to use this. We say, I say that before we are learning different kinds of information, different kinds of knowledge. So follow me again. 

I'm going to try to show you how do I use the Yin Yang and Qi concept? Different information has a what? Has a different Qi, right. That's a different concept, consciousness. Different knowledge has a different Qi and the different consciousness, right.

Different consciousness and the different knowledge need a different kind of consciousness and the different knowledge processing, just like a different food. You eat a different food, You need the processing. If you don't have a godbrother, you know you are difficult to eat the cheese.

Even you love the pizza, you want the extra cheese, you can't, otherwise you're gonna suffer stomachache. Why? You are missing something, but still possible to do that. Then you have to ask your liver function more because the liver only by herself.

It's a single parent who want to raise a kid. It's not easy, they don't have a partner now because the godbrother be accidentally in the moving. Think of this.

So when we study this five element consciousness framework, that framework, I said at the beginning, this class is not philosophy class. This class is not just, this class is a consciousness, but I don't want to do that way. I will bury this into that, otherwise it's too crazy, become mental.

I want to let you discover the power, discover each one of us, need to discover the doubt is inside with us. How do we apply? How do we live in this? How can we experience? And therefore, therefore we cannot use all the habit, all the learning skill, all the learning skill, which is we all be mental abused. I'm sorry, we all be mental abused, started from the kindergarten all the way to the college.

Some people has a PhD, then you'll be worse because you will abuse them all. The more degrees you are, the more abused you are, right? So the main, you have to understand that's a different kind of thought, different kind of knowledge, different kind of food, different kind of food, different kind of chi, different kind of consciousness. Then you need a different consciousness.

It can be what? Balance, harmony, and the digestive and the processing then transform, become yours. Otherwise still the mind is not yours. Please become yours.

Change the mind, change your way thinking. So the Eastern processing, you have to become a loop, not a step, build up. You have to loop up again and again from the different angles, 300 degree, right? Which is the last class you just learned.

360 in and out, how exciting this homework. How many people go down more? How many people really see what's the difference? You might say, son of God, why they don't teach us at the elementary school or even at the college? Can you imagine you do this? My goodness, you make you always thinking, what am I missing? Right? They might change your entire, now you learned this. If you're gonna go to the online dating, you might be able to see more.

No, I just give you a new way to thinking about it, right? I think that I covered the whole thing, almost every, you know. So in the other elements, water elements, I don't have to say more because most should be there. And you guys should read it.

If, you know, listen to the one more time or read whatever the book information should be there. Then when we go to the next module, we will blend into more. But we say the water element is our enter gate.

So that's why I will emphasize more of deliver because all you need one gate, so good, right? Good, you need a damn good, not just a good. I want you a damn good. You guys, let me do the one more thing, sorry.

You guys really need to think this. How do I say this? Musician, right? If your violins, if your flutes, each one have their instrument. They have to love the instrument just like love themself.

Then the instrument become themself. Does anyone watch that one of the movie called the Red Violins? If you haven't watched that, please watch their movies. Their movies has some kind of concept of the consciousness of the violins become the person, the violin contained the spirit or consciousness of the every prayer.

So the longer the violin go through, and the more love the story, love the music the violin played, the violin itself contained the feelings, the consciousness. It's so beauty that the movie itself has so many this type of the consciousness. Maybe they don't say that this way.

But at least I watched it, I saw this one, I said, wow, that is true. That's true. So you guys really need to see this part, right? So they are something is there, just how do you can see this way? Now you learned this Yin Yang concept, can you watch the movie differently? Can you listen things differently? Can you see things differently? Can you look at yourself differently? And illness or condition differently? If you can do that, you are graduated.

Then that's just new beginning. Sorry, I destroyed your entire life to build up the consciousness. You know, Master Liu, you screw up my mind.

That's the whole purpose, right? They are no accidents. Now we were only living in one reality. Now we know there are multiple realities.

It's very exciting. Some good options. Now we can open up for questions.

All right, please raise your hand and try and keep the content pertinent to what you're learning. Hello there, Sergio. Oops.

Okay. My goodness, you are fast. You are always the first one.

Hi, Claudia. You are Yin Yang, you are balanced, right? Can you imagine we put the one person away and see that you come out the first? Hello. Thank you, Elaine.

Hello, dear Master for your exquisite key and passion in this class. Thank you very much. Master, I would like to ask you about in the module eight, in the relationship in metal and the metal, the lung, the lung element or the lung organ metal element.

In the description in the video, for me, for us, it was a very cryptic, very dark in our understanding. Could you give, could you expand a little bit the explanation of the metal? In the video, you say gold, gold. But in all the teaching for me, metal, it related to the mountains, the minerals, the rock, stone, emotionally related to the depression, sadness, melancholy.

But in our understanding, could you explain a little bit more, expand it a little about the metal element? A little more example about the metal element related to the lung, related to the large intestine. Could you explain a little more, please? All right, I try. All right, let me try.

I'm trying to do this, so that's why I give it a translation. The vocabulary translation. In the Chinese five elements, the word the Chinese chose is a spelling called the jing.

The jing cannot translate as the metal. The jing should translate as gold. Because when the Chinese, when the vocabulary, when the five element concept exist, that time, the Chinese already has the vocabulary of the jing and the vocabulary of the metal here.

It's totally two category, and totally two pronunciation. Every word, words be chosen has a consciousness, right? There are no accidents. It's not a must to say, oh, I don't have a high, I don't graduate for the high school.

I only know that that one, then he chose the wrong vocabulary. No, they pick up the vocabulary as jing instead of para, the vocabulary called the ti. Metal is translated Chinese called the ti.

It's a metal. You go to the metal, yeah. You don't go to the gold, yeah.

Can you imagine you go to the county gold, yeah. Everywhere is the gold. My goodness.

You just pick up the gold, go home. You go to the metal, yeah. You don't want that junk.

Metal, yeah, it's junk. So that's called a metal. Metal, understand whole concept? So once you change this vocabulary, so make your real thinking, what's happening? What's happening about the metal? Beauty, right? The thousands of years, no matter what kind of culture, what kind of nationality, metal, the real gold, only for richest authority, power, right? Which country hold the more gold? You go to the under the bank, they have the gold, each piece is the gold.

And they don't put the metal. Can you imagine having to change it? And the metal, yeah, they don't give the metal rings. Come on, they give the gold rings.

At least 14 carat gold. Can you imagine? Does something change? Right? The metal, value, the value. So once the value, then you have to real thinking, which is just to say that the other way as the four important point or time of the nature, right? Spring equinox and the four equinox.

The four equinox equal to the metal or equal to the gold, long. So now think of this, the four equinox is your lung. How important? How important the lung can have these positions to balance everything you screw up at the summer and everything might coming out at the winter.

Because spring equinox and the balance, half a year. The four equinox balance, and the other half is the balance. So therefore, the lung or metals, what we call the lung, has the capability to make this balance.

The balance can be what? Visible, invisible, healthy and unhealthy, richness and the poorness, right? Everything is up to you. How to get a balance? Your skin or the internal body, this all can get a balance, right? So you just have to look at this a positive way. And definitely they want to do the negative way.

So that's why they can, it's called the business man. How can I use the fear to make you come to give you a treatment, right? If I tell you how good this, I don't need the treatment. Thank you.

Good morning, Joanna. Good morning, everybody. Good morning, Master Liu.

I had a question about emotions. When you were talking about emotions and how if there are very strong emotions, we're wasting our Qi, but we also don't want to suppress them. And I'm wondering where's the sweet spot? What is a healthy response? Let's say if I have a very stressful day, maybe feel overwhelmed, long hours, what is a healthy way to process that? Screaming, let it go.

Instead of go to the gym, instead of go to the boxing punch, instead of go to the running. Yeah, so that's why you see that people say, you have a stress, I go to the gym. And then why after gym help you, you releasing it.

You use the energy, transform this and the wish this stress emotions and the stress energies can follow the action and the releasing it. But no one knows, no one knows how much you can release in it, right? Number one, because if you study the Marines, you understand different kind of stress need a different kind of energy. Different kind of energy need a different kind of physical motions, right? It's energy, it's a frequency.

You're at the wrong frequency, doesn't help you releasing it. So you understand, so that's why people say, oh, I go to there. I say, you don't know.

You think you know. You think you know, but then you say, oh, I feel good. Yes, you feel good in one angle.

So that's why you have to continue. Now look at the one angle, right? Eyes, no matter good or bad, you all use the eye to look, right? You don't say, oh, good. Let me use the hand touch.

Bad, let me use the eye to look. You don't do it this way, right? You only look at both eyes, depending on how do you want to see. Good and bad, all see through the eyes.

Now, let me ask you one more thing. What's different between your eyes and the mirrors? One is just a reflection. That's right.

One is a reflection. Doesn't matter good or bad, it's a mirror. One is a perception.

Your eye is a perception. Can you imagine your eyes become a mirror? We all get enlightened. I'm trying to make my eyes like a mirror.

Doesn't matter good and bad. It's a refresh. So that's called a wisdom.

Try and learn it that way. Try, at least we try. At least we know, wow, how good is, how touch, right? It's refreshing.

If our eyes can be just like a mirror, no personal opinion added behind, then our emotions wouldn't be so much higher and lower. Now, our energy cannot be that so much waste. Yeah, so more like an objective observer in a way.

That's right. That's interesting, thank you. You're welcome.

Isn't that the beauty of yin and yang? Yes. Good morning, Joe and all your friends. Good morning.

Hey, I just have a question. You went over, you said the emotion rises and then the chi rises and then the blood rises and then you run out of chi, then you have a stroke. Is that, so how did, so do I understand this right? So you have this emotion and then the chi goes up, then the blood goes up, but then you used up all your energy.

If you used up all your energy, then it gets stuck there, right? Because you used up all the energy on the emotion and you can't make it come back down, is that what it is? No, you still used it. You used this energy, then the energy will rise. Energy rise, it will take a blood rise.

Then if your blood clock also rise. Wait. The clock, the clock, you know, at the inside, then therefore they still rise.

Everything gonna rise. Now if rise, rise, your energy until certain level high, not high enough, stuck at the there, what's happening? So like, so, but I'm trying to understand. So you have all this, you have enough energy to get it up there, but you don't have enough energy to get it all the way.

Completely, that's right. All the way over the top. You can just put it down.

Right. Doesn't matter, right? I can continue to go up and continue to go down. Then I'm beatable.

Right. You see that some people can get crazy and the little kids start the morning cry, evening continue cry. Day after day, and the mother will say, shut up, I can handle that.

Right. So use all, use your energy to do this, but you don't have, you shouldn't really, yeah. So if you don't have enough energy to get around the hump, like go up the rollercoaster, and then you can't go back down.

Now, boom, happen. Then you see, that's called energy go. But if, now they go to the, if you have a stagnation, see, if your blood quality is not good, now hear this, then something might happens.

Now here, one more layer, one more layer is what? Consciousness and the purpose. Now that's one more layer. It's a much deeper layer now, because it seems everything happened for a reason.

The stroke has the reason. Now that's why it's so deep. I won't touch it.

It's a reason. You are capable. Everyone is capable.

You are capable to make a body have a stroke experience, but you are not ready to experience stroke outcome. Someone has a black clock. Now look at that, right? If we say this way, look at the woman.

So if the menstrual cycle has a clock, that means that your body has a clock. Then why your menstrual cycle has a clock? It doesn't mean you get a stroke. You're not ready.

You're not ready. You have a capability. You have ingredients, but you are not using ingredients to make that kind of soup.

You have ingredients. I have best state. Hey, there's a lousy customer guest.

I'm not going to feed you a steak. I give you some chicken noodle soup. That's it.

After eat, get out of here, right? I keep the steak for myself. Ingredients is there, but for who? When? How? That's called information. That's called a purpose.

So that's why we call consciousness is behind these events. Purpose, right? That's what we say, the one of existing has a purpose. Existing is a natural law.

Otherwise it never exist. Otherwise it never exist. So everything can be exist.

It got to be meet the requirement. They meet the requirement. The requirement is what? It's a consciousness.

It's the purpose. Is that why like when you talk about a stroke, somebody has a stroke or somebody has a TIA, which is like a little, just less than 24 hour strokes. Do they, those TIA people can complete the, somehow they can push back.

No, the TIA people, yeah. That's one way you can say this way. And the other way you say that people get that, then they start to, oh, no, I don't want to be that stupid way.

So consciously they- That's right. I don't want to sit in a wheelchair and then someone pushing me and they say, oh, oh, something, you know, happens. Well, they back it off- I want to be independent.

Then- They try it and then they back it off consciously. That's right. Yes.

But we never see this part. And we don't want to see this part. And then we only focus on the condition, symptoms.

But if you want to see one more layer, it's me. That person, that person's consciousness is alive. It's awakening.

The person still have awareness to understand want to be independently and freedom. So be the practitioners, have to catch this moment. How do I guide you? How do I use this gift and allow you to heal other things? That will be miracle.

And therefore, you don't have to work so hard as a practitioners. It's just to give additional support. Then the patient knows how to deal with the situation.

Thank you. You're welcome. Good morning, Connie.

Hi. This might be a very simple question. Hi, Ms. Liu.

Hi, everybody. We always talk about how everything's connected to our fingers, our meridians, our elements. Which element and which meridian is connected to each finger? Because I've been trying to figure this out for years.

And sometimes I get it, and sometimes I don't. I don't want to leave it to me anymore. That's why I don't want to repeat it again because that's called the common information.

Everyone we have here, so many doctors, so many acupuncturists, so many professionals, they are more precisely correct. This information, we don't have to waste the time here. But just to tell you, each fingers are related to individual meridians.

It's very important. And we do the pinky, all right? Or the thumb is very important. Thumb related to your lung, and the pinky related to your heart.

How about that? That would be good. Those two I know. That's enough.

And the middle finger also related to the heart. So that's why. It's a meditation.

You give the thumb, and now it's a joke, but it's not a joke. The middle finger is related to pericardium. The pericardium is the yang of the heart.

The heart is in. The pericardium is yang. The real heart function is pericardium.

So that's why you give the pericardium to somebody, we'll make it a stroke. But you give the pericardium to yourself, it's inner peace. So that's why you see the Buddha will hold this posture, mudras.

Why? Inner peace. Then why inner peace, and they don't give out the middle finger? You cannot inner peace. You see someone, you get angry, but you're holding back inner peace.

So the other two, I'm never gonna know. Where do I- Yeah, the other two is called, the other two is the mystery of the fingers. So you're going to discover that by yourself.

It's your homework. Okay, okay, okay. We'll help you out, Connie.

Hi, Barb. Good morning. Oh, good morning.

Good morning. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Mr. Liu.

In understanding yin and yang, is, and the source, universe, oneness, and so on, is the moment of death, the point at which yin and yang are separated and our meridians and soul spirit return to the source before the yin and yang. Be careful the words would you use, before and after. Yeah.

It's separated. Before, after, looking like they have a dot, and the zero. No, it's continuously and smoothly, and gradually, I try to, my poor English vocabulary, and it just allow you, just like a water, life and death is just like a water flow into the pot, tight.

There's a no, and only at the beginning, when you're born, after this life and the death, it just continues. Life is a death. Right now, you're still dying.

You're slowly dying. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say it that way. I'm slowly dying, but I'm slowly continuing to be born.

You cannot separate it. It is every moment we are dying. It's true.

Every moment, I'm with new lives, and the good question is, find a good lawyer. Next life, negotiate a good life. You need a good lawyer to help you negotiate that through good habits.

That's it. Thank you. Thank you.

So one, a question that I have, if you were to tie in Joanna's question about dealing with stress, and Joe's question about a stroke and not having enough chi, is it a matter of understanding your own, your relationship with yin and yang? If you can understand yin and yang, does that help you understand your consciousness, therefore you can help your chi? Yes, that's not, still not, because your emotions are still based on your perception, based on your beliefs. So your beliefs, you have a mental pattern. You have eyes, your mental pattern, because you only see what you want to see.

We all see what we want to see. So that's why this course will help us, right? I hope you guys, through this course, can open up your visions, can see more. I mean, therefore, before certain situation bothers you, now should be less the bothers you, because you see more.

But you can see opposite, right? The yin and the yang, the first concept is an opposite position. So whatever makes your emotions out of balance is you only see one angle. The opposite never exists.

So that's why it's so crazy. But if you see the both, 50-50, why you get so crazy, right? Now if you can draw a little bit more good, then you say, that's such a waste, right? So therefore, so that's why I say, the yin-yang concept is so beautiful, so beautiful. That's why they say the yin-yang concept is the rule of control, the life and the death, right? It's the rule controlling.

It's a manifestation of the life and the death. So allow us to see. So that's why I say you guys should do the homework, continuous.

At the beginning, it's not easy, because it's not in your pattern. It's not the way at the Western, even at the Eastern talk about this, but not that many people apply this. The Western never talk about this.

Just continuous, yes, no. You go to the court, always, yes, no. You cannot answer second one, right? Oh, you can, no.

Just answer me, yes, no. But something cannot answer just yes, no. That's a new, how to say? I think of Weizhen come up with new yin-yang concept.

Have you seen Weizhen new ad? The broken, it's a beauty, it's good. The cell phone broken, it's good. They tell you it's good.

Why bad things is good. That's yin and yang. They don't do this yin-yang concept of the advertising, but they use the concept, bad is good.

Depends on how do you wanna see. It's beautiful. It gives us the option to see all our multiverses, right? Yeah, if you guys can use, apply this slowly, apply this, see more.

You just have to do this more, a little by little, then become yours. Okay, and one more question. We have Sergio.

Go ahead. Okay, thank you again. Daniel, you don't get enough? Yeah, he's excited.

Sorry, because in my life, I'm a musician and a music therapist here in Chile. And my question is, there is a relationship between musical sound, sounds in general, with each organ, each element. And there is sound, musical sound notes, that I can apply in music therapies.

Treatment, for example, the liver, this kind of sound or this kind of note, this kind of vibration, this kind of color of sounds related to each element behind the consciousness of the sound, you know? There is a mention about that, please, master. Because each sound, right? Which instrument you play? Keyboards. How many notes, keyboards? A drummer, right? So you have to, or guitar, or you play a lot of stuff, okay? So instrument has a different frequency, right? The sound has an unlimited frequency because chi is unlimited.

The chi is unlimited. And then therefore, frequency is unlimited. But instrument, the notes is limited.

So being the musician, you know, use limited instrument, limited notes, try to represent the unlimited frequency, almost impossible. Now, how to do that? How to do that? It's called a group category. Just like a wood element has category.

In this, everything is in the wood element. From the biggest tree, thousands of years old tree, or to the smallest, can be just like, you know, tiny grass, or just a prenu, not annual, it's a prenu. The prenu flowers, they never have a chance to see when where's the snow, where's the cold weather.

So they're missing the frequency, right? They're missing the winter frequency, but doesn't matter. They are in the same category. So in this same category is how much range you can cover.

So what things can cover? Only your chi can cover. The notes cannot cover. Now, your chi is what? It's your consciousness.

So that's why go to the next level, become what kind of qigong practice will allow you open up this range, a range. Then therefore, your consciousness mind, consciousness mind can merge, and the consciousness achieve, and through limit the notes, and send out this consciousness. That takes a lot, a lot of years, practice, practice, and practice.

All right, well, at that point, I think that's a really great way to end. Any closing remarks, Master Liu? So guys, do the homework, please. It's your responsibility, right? So they say, you only can lead a horse to the river, you cannot make a horse to drink.

None of you guys is elementary school, they have to force you, homework, homework! It's your life. It's your taste. It's your own, how to say, that your own perception to see how much you are worth.

Thinking what I say, are you worth it? Are you worth it to discover the wisdom? Are you worth it to discover the something belong to you? If you believe you are the child of the universe, make all these wisdoms is belong to you. It's up to you who you want it. Otherwise, don't get jealous, same parents, why you say that you are, or when you write your, what do you call it? The, what do you call it? When you die, you write things.

You will. You will, I'm not included. You are included, but you just not figure out, you didn't figure out.

I'm just a reminder, you guys, hey, you all, it's belong to you guys. You just forget, right? Do you understand what's the difference? It's because of the forget. Forget means excuse yours.

You don't know. You just forget. Understand? Doesn't mean you're lost.

You're forget. Remember, you are forget. You need to find that there's a password.

You need to find that there's an access code. The access code has to come from your heart, not your mind. The access code has come from your heart.

Not in your mind. Otherwise, every PhD can get it. Done.

Have a nice Saturday. Well, the rest of the day, I know I wouldn't screw up, you guys. The weekends and the beautiful weekends, enjoy the Saturday and the Sunday, discover your wisdoms.

All righty. Let's do the homework. Thank you, Mr. Liu.

Bye. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you, everyone.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, bye-bye.

Bye, bye-bye. Thank you. Bye.

Thank you. Bye.