Let's see who's gonna first. That's always interesting. Who's first? Oh, today's, ah, she got the first one, Papa. 

That's interesting. We should figure out who, you know, what make it that someone would be the first one in the lineup at the end. Are they in the waiting list first? No. 

No? Huh. Alphabetical. Okay. 

Today's, who's the first one? Let me see. It's NR88. You are the first one. 

Wow. It's so exciting. Yeah. 

You know, the first one always be shut down. You know, if the birds in flight, first one, boom. Yeah. 

For the Dao, never be the first one. Be the second one. Okay. 

One day you are famous, even though you can be the number one, do not be the number one. Always be the second. Okay. 

Then you say, oh, I learned the real secret of the Dao, behind the curtain. I know it's totally against the Western concept. It's tough.

So tonight, Master Liu, this is our 13th session together. 13. Wow. 

13. Yeah. We'll go to the 14th. 

I suppose it should be 316. I don't want to go to 316. Okay. 

That's enough for tonight. And next week, one more will be done. Yes, sir. 

And you wanted to go deeper into how modern science and traditional Chinese medicine have so many similarities and how we can apply these similarities to our daily life. So take it away. All right. 

So I think we've done the most fundamental things. So the name, the last two class, we need to wrap it up. Right. 

So what do we really learn here? So one thing you can be proud of yourself, we are learning ancient wisdoms. The other way, we usually are more proud of yourself. You are learning the ancient modern science. 

It is because even though modern science talks about a lot of stuff in this five element framework, in my opinion, they are covered. So today we know the three major areas we talk about the modern science. Right. 

So one is relativity theories. The other one will be quantum physics. And the third one is a chaos of theories.

Right. So each one has their own unique way to describe the nature. The concept is nature.

How does the modern science try to discuss or discover the nature? That's modern science use. But the good thing is that modern science use. So how the ancient master use this kind of concept, but without it, use the same language. 

See, that's what I try to, not what I try to tonight, I'm trying to make this a bridge, make it the easiest way. How do I understand and how do I apply this concept? And you see what I wear, that is one of the t-shirt. I love the E equal to MC squared. 

Right. So first we are going to the one is the quantum theories. Right. 

It's interesting. Quantum, even the movie, they make us the quantum. Right. 

So the quantum becomes so important. So in the quantum theories and tell us one thing is so important. You say we can never, never isolated to the entire whole war anymore, because once we penetrate down to the subatomic level and the war doesn't show us as the classical science is, can be identified, can be discriminated by smallest unit. 

Right. That's classical science. So therefore you see the classical science always want to find what kind of particle and what kind of violence and what kind of disease they go deep, deep, deep, deep. 

They try to find the identity. But the scientists say, hey, when you find that, when you go down as a nothing there, they only show you is interconnect the energy. Right. 

It's interconnect energy. Hey, get out. It's interconnect energy. 

So that this interconnect energy, what is that going to do for us? Right. So then therefore they show you, they show you the few things they show. You say we can never speak, never can speak. 

We can never speak about the nature, they say. Right. If we want to describe the nature, the science and quantum theorists tell us you must be speaking yourself at the same time. 

So what is that going to do? That's the quantum theories. So look at the five element theory. So five element framework. 

So can we just say the element of the liver or element of the wood without understanding my liver elements? Remember what I say that the frequency, we say the qi field, in this qi field is a connect. You cannot, we can never can say about the liver qi and without understanding liver essence, without understanding and the liver related to the seasons, related to the natures, related to your body parts. Right. 

That's the framework tell you. The framework can tell you every single thing, single elements that they are interconnected. When you talk about the liver and also you have to talk about what's the relationship with the fire, with the earth, with the metals, with the waters. 

So therefore, when we talk about the liver, so that immediately does your, the physical, this liver are related to your blood. There's a physical, the liver, what you think of the liver, that's related to your invisible liver meridians. There's a physical liver related to your dry hair or smooth, beautiful hair. 

That's your liver related to your eyesight. There's a liver related to your joints. Can you be flexible? Look at this.

All of these areas is interconnected. You never can separate. Therefore, when we look at this framework, do we look at it as just the one element, or we look at it as the whole five element consciousness. 

So here has one more stuff, which is even today's quantum theorists tell us, our consciousness is to be part of the observation. Then the practitioners become so important. Practitioners become last chain, last chain between disease, patients, and practitioners. 

They create a unique network. That's what this framework tells us. But that framework also shows, as the modern science shows you, hey, we cannot do this. 

Do we do this? We don't, right? In these five elements, we do exactly the same way as the quantum theorists talk about, because everything's connected. From the smallest, the body parts, until your qi, until invisible qi and invisible consciousness, to the biggest nature, season, even planet, right? The one element, your liver, can connect to, I think it's Jupiter. Oh, not Jupiter. 

It's the, what is the planet? It's, let me see, what is the planet with this, with the, well, suddenly my mind doesn't go there anymore. So leave it there first. We'll come back to here. 

We go to these quantum theories. So the quantum theory is easy, but it's not easy. Easy is given to us to say, we cannot separate the things anymore. 

So every time we talk about the condition, every time we talk about the illness, every time we talk about the life, we talk about the emotions, everything is a connect. So in this framework, that's exactly tell us. So therefore should be much easier to see. 

Well, I can see, I can see my liver related to the time, related to the season, related to the joint. That's just the liver itself. But also I can see the liver has all the relationship with heart, stomach, and the lung, and the kidney, right? The framework can tell you exactly the way. 

That's a pretty simple, in my opinion. So you can say one thing, yes, five element consciousness framework is the ancient quantum theories framework. Make sense? Yes, absolutely makes sense. 

Because they just don't say that the same way as today modern science says. Now we'll go to the second one. What is the second one? Second one is a relativity theories, right? That's the most different, exciting theories. 

Because the relativity theories given to us is one of the Soviet way, in my opinion, is that they can take two totally unrelated concepts and making they become unified at the highest level. What does that mean? That means E can equal to mc squared. What does that mean? That means that matters and energy not separate anymore. 

The matter and the energy are interchangeable. So that's why E is represented as the energy and it's a matter. C is the speed of the light. 

This framework tells us no longer we can say matter is a matter anymore. You can say this is a matter, but you can also say that it's energy. That's the western new vocabulary. 

But we translate it as the energy. What do we say? Qi. So the Qi becomes much bigger than the energy, right? We say Qi has what? Has four categories.

The first one is energy. Second one is what? Information. Then the third one is the wisdom.

Then the fourth one is the source of the life. Now look at this. So the Qi will become much bigger. 

So therefore we can change this formula to become Qi equal to mc squared. Can we? Why not? Now once you're doing this, what are we going to use this concept in our framework in Chinese medicine? The Chinese medicine uses this concept so wisely, so wisely. They call the Qi and the blood are interchangeable. 

Qi and the blood are interchangeable. Visible and invisible are interchangeable. So in the clinic, so let me show you. 

In the clinic, how do we apply this concept? We do this all the time, right? So suppose the patient walks in. This patient says, oh, I have a limit. My red blood cell is too low. 

So the doctor wants me to take a pill. But the pill costs the patient as a reflux. But still there's an increase in your red blood cell, right? The blood is a matter. 

It's imaginable. Understand? Energy is the Qi, not imaginable. So what is the Chinese medicine? Chinese medicine doesn't give you blood. 

Tell you go, go, go to the Chinatown, buy the, you know, buy the duck blood and eat the blood. Yes. Sometimes they tell you eat the blood, blood good for the blood. 

Most Western where they can get blood, they can. So what do they do? What are we going to do? In Chinese medicine state, all of this limit is caused by liver function disorder. It's the liver Qi function, liver Qi deficiency.

So we change the liver Qi. We can increase the red blood cell. We never give you the blood.

We never give it that, what I call the pills. We change the Qi. You can use herb.

You can use herb to change. Herb doesn't try to increase in the blood. Herb try to change the function, the level of the Qi, the level of the liver Qi changed. 

You can use acupuncture needles. You can use blood. You can use the herbs as long as you treat the liver function, which is the liver Qi. 

Liver Qi change, red blood cell increasing. How simple is it? We've been using this for thousands of years. You know, for example, right? I'll give you another example. 

After you deliver the baby, right? Many women deliver the baby because you lose a lot of blood. Now you what? You have a low fever, difficult to treat. No matter how many times test to try to find that they think you have infection, there's no infection. 

Because what? You lost the blood. You lost the Qi. Nobody show us the low fever. 

So the fever become symptoms or signs of the Qi deficiency, but also due to the blood deficiency. That's the simple things in the Chinese medicine. We'll do what we do. 

We increasing the Qi. So at the five element framework, what do we say? We say stomach is the organ can create the Qi. The liver is the organ can transport the Qi and the blood, right? So the stomach going to create the blood, the liver going to transform the blood. 

So we make these two organs together, create the team effort, then we are not dealing the blood, we are dealing the Qi. So we change the Qi level, then we change the blood level. That's the first one called the energy and the matters are interchangeable. 

Then apply these things. How to apply this in this framework? So once these things happens, then we can no longer talk about any kind of illness and the disease that's always become is what? Is a matter problems or is the energy deficiency, right? So I think everyone heard that how Chinese medicine look at the high blood pressure. So high blood pressure is the matter. 

So you see materialized things are higher, the blood pressure is higher, but the real root cause is the organ Qi deficiency, right? Energy deficiency. So what do we do? We change the organ function, then the blood pressure will jump, create a balance. See, how do we do that? That's what we do. 

That's what we see. That's the framework going to tell us we never deal directly. That's this concept always there. 

Energy and the matters are interchangeable. Qi and the matters interchangeable. So that's why in the Chinese medicine never directly give the name. 

That's always called a disease. What kind of Qi function disorder? What kind of Qi deficiency, right? They always use Qi instead of say disease. Second one, right? The second one interesting concept in the relativity theories, the classical thinking, the space and the time is a totally separate. 

In the nootonic science, space and the time cannot be together, must be separate. But the modern science will tell you space and the time can be as the oneness at the highest four dimensional level. So once go higher, then space and the time cannot be separated anymore. 

That's the modern science. But this concept hasn't been used in Chinese medicine for thousands of years. And also it's the one of the specialty, specialty in Chinese medicine.

I can say that. And the totally unlike it, because something you can fight it, we know you can say comparison to the Western medicine. Only this part is no comparison at all, because most likely Western medicine is a focus on the space.

And the good Chinese medicine always focus on the time. You see what I try to say that it's always time because they believe cost issue always at the invisible. Time is invisible, the time. 

But the only difference here, see how to recognize the time. That's the most exciting, in my opinion, is the most exciting topic in Chinese medicine. So you can talk about the time is your biological time, your cell time, because it's a biological time and then each time has a totally different time.

Your red blood cell, what's the time to complete the one cycle? Your menstrual cycle, what is the time? Your menstrual cycle time, one cycle is what? It's the moon cycle, every month, right? 30 days, that's your time. Your menstrual cycle is the time, it's the month, that's the time. Biological time.

Now if a biological time is so important with illness, with the space, now think about it, your birthday time, what is the birthday time? You're born, you're only born once, right? But does you're born every year? We just have a morning Qigong, we do the every year birthday. So in that year and the month and the day and the time, the time and the time of the year, time of the month is you're born. What is you're born? You exist, you carry all the energy from the universe, waiting for many, many, many months. 

Some people six months, seven months, eight months, nine months, and some people even 10 months, right? Nine months, so you're born. So therefore, every year at this time, it is your time, it's your reconnected time of what? Of your life source. So therefore, your birthday is not the best time for have a party, your birthday is the best time to upgrade your energy, reconnect to the life source, by giving the other kind of time. 

So when we say the time, right? In the five elements chart, so what do you see the time of the liver time? Liver time is at what? The what element? Liver time, 11 p.m., right? To the 1 p.m., that's liver time. So therefore, every day at this time is your organs time and the liver time. So therefore, every time if you have a physical issue at doing this time, who is the responsibility? Liver, right? You see the time? Now you see the time being used in Chinese medicine so well. 

Like today, we have one more, now it's springtime. So we have what? Hay fever, allergy. So the hay fever and allergy, even though has a sentence, all the sentence at what? Your respiratory areas, right? Your nose, your eyes, your throat, your lungs. 

But instead of to treat the location, which is a space, the Chinese medicine will focus on treat the time. The hay fever is not a space issue, it's the time issue, because they only come by season, right? This kind of allergy only come by season. You will suffer for a couple weeks, they're gone. 

Then also, this kind of allergy never go to deeper. Unlike you catch a cold, start you're sneezy, then runny nose, become sore throat, and then bronchitis, and then you become stomach issue, and then the condition getting deeper and deeper, and then stuck there many, many, many months. But allergy, hay fever doesn't go there, because they are belong to the time, which is the season. 

Nature's time, not the human's time. You see the difference? Now, I give you the other time, so that's called organ time. But what is the time of your meridian's time, right? Your meridian's time can be as the organ time, but the meridian's time with organ time will cover different space. 

Now, you understand now? Because the meridian's running through the body, run the many different space than the time. So you see the difference? So now you know the meridian's time, organ's time, and the season's time, cell's time. Now, how about your emotional time? Your emotions can manipulate all the different times.

Your memory is based on the time, based on your emotions. Your memory is not based on the limited time, or I can save my memory, start with the youngest to oldest by days. Your memory never saved by time, your memory saved by emotions. 

So this information in Chinese medicine has been used to treat memory loss, never treat the memory, they treat what? Emotions. You see that? Now I give you a last one, the most exciting time is a dream. In your dream, all the time can change.

You can change all the different times, you can take many different people at the different seasons and even different history, many years ago, and put the same night as one nice dream. How lucky you are, you can manipulate the time. I mean, definitely, it's a joke.

The time for us is 24 hours a day, right? But the only one that they say lawyer can make it 26 hours a day, or 30 hours a day, right? Because they can charge many different ways, right? But you cannot, we cannot. But we can in the dream, in the dream, you can change the time. And your emotions can change the time, look at the time. 

So I mean, therefore, when we apply this concept that the space and the time cannot be separated, then how do we use this in treatment? Think of the cancer. Today we deal with cancer, we remove the time, we remove the space, right? Surgery, they find the bad things, you take it out, you take out by what? You take out by space, you never erase the time. So therefore, based on the modern science, does the cancer be treated? No, as long as time still exists, space still exists. 

So the real treatment is how to erase the time, or how to forget the time, right? So this, we don't have time for tonight. So you know, because that's the most beautiful, most beautiful things in Chinese medicine, is how to use time, which means how to use emotions for healing. That is the most, the most powerful things, in my opinion, in Chinese medicine, in this five-element framework, right? And then the third one, I just pick up, because the modern science has too many areas, I don't want that. 

Yeah, then the other third one after this is called the electromagnet field, right? Electron and the magnets, the two things. But today, we all know they can combine them together, become what? Electromagnet field. So what is that going to do in the treatment? In the medicine, in the science, we know they cannot be separated. 

They are the field. But in Chinese medicine, in this framework, what did you see? What is the electromagnet field? Vibrate where? Vibrate your nerve system, right? Your nerve system, your meridians, your emotions. We also, we all see it in the movie, right? So if someone want to test you, are you a liar or tell the truth, what do they do? They test your emotions, lie detector, right? It's all based on the what? Based on your emotions change, then the electromagnet field change, then the wave come out of the change, right? So your body, whole entire body, with your emotions, and it's changed by what? Your electromagnet field. 

The only difference is that ancient Chinese masters never have that machine. They don't know how to use this, but they know how to use emotions for healing. The Chinese psychology is 500 years earlier than the Western psychology. 

They already tell you each organ has a specific emotion, right? Look at that. What is the emotions with your liver? What's the emotions with your heart? See, all the emotions is what? Can create the electromagnet field. Your entire body create the electromagnet field. 

So acupuncture is to try to create electromagnet field. Now follow this way, right? As today, most of you heard about the quantum entanglement. Let me give you a very sexy concept, quantum entanglement. 

What is quantum entanglement going to do at here? Tell you. The way quantum entanglement, the way entanglement, each one of us is the smallest particle in the universe, right? You cannot find the duplicate. So are you the particle? Yes, you are a particle. 

You are one of the individual particles in the universe. Now where's the other one? Where are they? The life source, right? Are you tangled with your source or are you tangled in the other you at the different universe? Now think of this whole concept. We make you so exciting. 

You are not alone. We are never alone in the entire this concept. You never know. 

Quantum entanglement and the quantum breathing, quantum entanglement. Now think of this. What is quantum entanglement in this treatment, in five element framework? How can that happen? How can these quantum things can happen? So today they find that in the modern science, they find why ancient time in this framework can prove you, can show you, yes, they can do that. 

How can we do that? Interconnections through the meridians, through the tree field. Don't go away. Okay, now we'll go back to this, right? So if someone's going to challenge you, they're going to challenge you, right? They say, how do you know why you say the liver and gallbladder is the one is in the wood? The yin and yang cannot be separate. 

How can they be the one thing? They are totally unrelated. Yeah, maybe in the physical part, the liver and the gallbladder almost side by side is connected. That's easy to say, right? I cannot use the liver and the gallbladder because too easy. 

In the physical, you can say, you can see they are connected. How about your heart and your small intestine? Totally unrelated. The heart at your upper body and the small intestine at your lower body, how can they be connected? They are interchangeable. 

They are yin and yang. And how can lung and the large intestine, the one on the top, one on the bottom, and can be as the partner at there, can be interchangeable in yin and yang also. We've been used to this concept, relativity theories, then two totally unrelated, but they are all related to the one element of the metal.

You see, right? We even do this, how can you say your lung is unrelated, is related to the season and the time and the season of the fall? The heart is the related to the season of the summer, totally unrelated. How can that be? Why we put it here? You see, so there's a framework that's already applied this concept, right? Unrelated, they can relate. Now look at the other relationship at here. 

We say mother-child relationship, right? The what is the mother of the father, totally unrelated. So we can put even they related to the mother and the child. Well, it doesn't make sense, but they make sense. 

They are related. It just depends on how do you want to see that, right? We have a Xiangsheng relationship. There's a Xiangke relationship is unrelated. 

Sure, the wood and the earth, unrelated. The liver and the stomach is unrelated, but they can have a Xiangsheng, they can turn it to the Xiangke. Then we say Xiangke is Xiangsheng, control is generation, unrelated. 

It depends on how do you see. We can manipulate anything, anytime, anywhere. It's all up to you, the level of who you are. 

So we say that now you look at this framework, what do you see now? So this framework is ancient framework. The ancient framework put a quantum theories, quantum and the relativity framework, and you need the combining together and be used to the life, not just used for illness, disease, use it for life and use it for you to discover the truth, to discover the position of the who you are, right? And then the last one, yeah, the chaos of theories, right? So everybody heard, right? So what's the chaos of theories? They say, you know, one of the butterfly and the Amazon, they might cause the, and the Texas, the thunderstorm, right? If one butterfly can cause, the ants can cause, now you think, does anything we are here in this framework, you touch it, does it impact to entire whole body? Or does any outside the universe, outside our planet, the Mars or sun or moon have a sun thing change, full moon can change, does it impact to our body, impact to the water, impact to our body, impact to our mind, right? The fireman knows it's a full moon, right? And you see, you people know this is a full moon, emergency room, that's always a full moon. The policeman knows it's a full moon, right? And the good excuse, oh, it's not me, it's the moon causing my crazy, right? That's why, how do we call someone crazy? Lunar impact, right? So how can your mind relate to the moon? Okay, in this framework, can give you all the answers. 

I'm just to pick up the few things, right? So there are more in the modern science. Now, what do you see now, right, after this? So does it make you more exciting? Does it make you say, wow, I'm not just studying the five elements framework, I'm really using modern science, just a different language, right? So if a modern science makes sense, does this five element make sense? And then when you use these five elements to do your self-healing, to help others, to help yourself make sense, yes. The only difference, you don't have to have a sophisticated or expensive machines. 

You can use your own life and you can use nature for free. But the only difference is, do you have faith? Do you have a chance? Do you have energy? Can you create these miracles? Do you believe yourself, right? So the entire, this whole thing, what we've learned here, so I laid out that it's a very important thing, so it's a layer, level of the who you are. Your qi level, your belief level, your consciousness level. 

Then this framework will lead you wherever you want to go, and whatever you want to use. Then definitely, the end of what I would just say, good luck, right? So it's a real depend on, hey, you know, good luck, you know, it's one kind of wild horse. Do you have a skill to control that? Do you have a skill to use that? Because it's part of you.

It is a part of you. It's a part of your gene. It's inside with you, right? You are inherited these five element wisdoms. 

I'm just trying to let you all recognize you are carried wisdom. You just have to know how to do it, how to use it. That's enough. 

I think I covered most likely. The rest is up to you. You guys can continue to find many different ways to make yourself proud of yourself, all right? I'm just introducing why this framework is so unique and so powerful in the modern science point of view.

Open up for a little bit of questions, and then we can work. Wow, Master Liu, that was amazing. You just gave us so much practical use of these large scientific theories, and it's really mind-blowing. 

So anyone who has questions, please raise their hand. It looks like we have Rachel here. Go ahead.

Hi, Master Liu. Thank you for that. That was really fascinating.

I'll see if I can get this question out so you can understand. I've been trying to understand why, if we have qi, why it doesn't go to where it's deficient, right? You have people out there that have enough qi, but yet they're deficient in their kidney or they're deficient in their liver. I've been thinking about that a lot. 

Then I was trying to think, who is really controlling the qi? We say that the liver transforms it and the lung distributes it, but it doesn't seem like this is happening effectively behind the scenes very well in most of us, because even if we had qi, we still have disease. In homeopathy, they talk a lot about your energy as being able to mount an immune response. Someone that has a fever, you say has a qi deficiency, but yet they have to have enough energy to make the fever.

Are things all screwed up because our emotions are really taking over what the qi is supposed to be doing? It doesn't seem like the system is broken. If the qi is really so smart and has all this wisdom and all this consciousness, why does it just take care of everything and let me live my life the way I want it with my qi? That's exactly giving you what you want. Until you fix the problem, you can give everything what you want. 

It's just different ways to show you. Otherwise, how did you know you're missing the qi? How did you know you don't have a qi? Because the only way is when you're sick, you say, wow, I don't have an image. Now you recognize because only when you have nothing in your hand, you will recognize the health.

But if I have high blood pressure, I have a qi deficiency, but yet I have qi, so why doesn't it just go fix that? Because that's not satisfying. That's not exciting. You never learned.

You never learned. Doesn't have to sue the bad things that can get good. You only learn to sue the bad things that maybe can get good, but you never learned. 

I can sue the good to get good. I don't have to go through the suffering, right? You never learned how to take care of yourself and without suffering, just like every day. And most people, yeah, you have to brush teeth.

Why you have to brush your teeth? Who teach you? The dog doesn't need a brush teeth. Why you need a brush teeth? Because you look good. You don't get a gum infected. 

Why? Because your dentist tell you, yeah, that's right. Right? Now you know, you learn how to what? How to take care of your teeth, but you never learned the gum infection. The gum issue is related to your stomach.

The teeth issues or tooth issues are related to your kidney. You are, you know, so how do we, how do you see this horse is good or not? Look at the teeth. Right? That's the way, but we never learned this. 

So, but we use the illness and the disease to challenge ourself to what? To show that is the area I want to accomplish. That is the area I want to getting better. Right? That's, we chose through this path.

But I don't like going black all the time. Right? Yeah. You can change, you know, you can, you can, you can change the different color outside. 

And the idea is for what purpose, right? I like to get the black, you know, that get the color because I believe that the color of the teeth connect to the teeth. So because everything is related to the kidney, black and the kidney behind is black. The color of the black contain energy. 

So therefore I constantly associated with this energy because of that energy sooner or later, I will get, I wouldn't get them all, but I'm surrounded by the feel of the chi, the feel, the black has color, the color has chi, right? It's a color, it's a consciousness. So therefore there's always a lead you to the level of the understanding. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Thank you so much, Rachel. Go ahead, Natalie. 

Good evening, everyone. Hi, master Lou. I want to talk a little bit about actually ask you a question about emotions. 

So I've heard you say that the highest frequency of the wood element is tenderness, right? What would it be for the kidney? Would it be fearlessness? Would it be willpower? What would it be? The kidney energy is it be what we call the kidney energy should be go. I don't care. Useless. 

Go with the flow. Oh, the flow. Yes. 

It's a water. The water lowest it is waiting to become hundred percent. Let it go. 

Never fight. Go with the flow. Okay. 

So therefore the Tao always use water, the tenderness and the flow, flow freely. It's the water consciousness. It's the highest of the Tao. 

So therefore they say the highest is like water. Okay. Thank you so much. 

You're welcome. Thank you. It looks like we have Dr. Joe and Jan maybe.

Hi. Master Lou, when we talk about this equals MC squared, when you have two questions, when you have a mung bean and you sprout a mung bean, all you do is put a little bit of water with it. And the little mung bean makes this, this big sprout. 

Where does the mass come from? Like, is that just coming from the chi? Confirm the, that's a different subject. I can spend the whole night talking about the sea, right? I think that even the power of the sea. Right. 

The sea contained life. It's life itself. So the sprout is they use the sea of the life.

That energy is contained inside the sea. So therefore that inside the sea, the chi or energy, when they sprout, they use this chi until totally sprained that chi. They need what? They need the outside the chi, environment chi, which is the water's soil to continue to catch up, catch up.

Okay. So that's why they say the sea, once the sprout, they don't need anything because of themselves will contain enough energy. So that energy is becoming the mass, basically.

That's right. That energy itself become. So that's why, so that's why when you eat the nuts, that's the level of the understanding. 

You are eating the nuts of the nutrition, or you are eating the nuts of the energy, of the life contained inside of the nuts. You see the difference? You first, you have to understand. The second, you have to prepare the body to be able to process, digest, and transform this type of energy. 

Otherwise, just go through your own incane, absorb the nutrients, but you cannot absorb the life source contained in the sea. You see what I say? You have to understand first. Otherwise, the signal, the receiver, you never turn on. 

The body never turn on this. So they just pass through, waste. But they never waste.

So the seed, the seed is different than the sprout, that kind of energy too, right? That's right. The seed, that's a different story. I have to say the seed is a contained image.

The nut is a seed, right? Basically. Nut is a seed. That's right. 

All the nuts contain the seed, but the sprout is a different level of the seed. There's a sprout is I'm take over. I'm waiting to sprout, has one more consciousness.

The seed doesn't have it. The seed contain the domain, never show, but the sprout only take action. All right. 

Understand? The sprout is to take action as well. I be blessing that by natural law. You see that? The life be blessing. 

That's different levels understanding and the different levels to use. So that's why the Chinese herb is all about this kind of levels of understanding the levels of the consciousness. So on that same kind of opposite end of the scale, if you have a piece of fruit that kind of went bad, sort of, is that the same essence of the fruit still? Or did you lose something? You know, you lose something, but you don't lose anything.

Well, that's what I'm saying. Is that, did you lose, if you eat today a piece of fruit, then next week, it's kind of sort of sad and dry. Do you still, is you still the same essence there? Or did you lose something? Essence is still there, but chemistry level change.

What level? Chemistry level. Right. You see the same fruit. 

If a fresh fruit, the, what I call the fruit fly never come, right? The fruit fly only come when the fruit turn to the dead. Why? Because there are things coming in, right? You have to rewatch the nature. When the worm get in the apple, they don't eat the outside apple, they go to the seed.

Right? Look at that. The worm get in the apple, get in the pear, or they go to the center of the sea. Life. 

They don't eat the skin. They don't eat the juice of things. Sea. 

But unfortunately, we don't want the sea, right? We want the water, no, no, without the sea. We want the grape, no sea. We don't want the sea. 

That's why we don't want the life. Or taste, apparently. I'm sorry. 

I shouldn't say that this way, but I hope you guys learned tonight, you will understand the power of this consciousness. So that's why all the Chinese medicine deal is a deal, the consciousness. Excellent. 

Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks, Dr. Zhou. 

Alexandra, you're up. We're all seeds and we all have this potential inside of us to change. Do you believe that kind of like the natural evolution of health is to go from learning from the bad to learning from the good? I believe it's a choice. 

It's a choice. The choice to learn. So if we learn... It's a choice. 

It's a taste. It's a choice, right? So once you... That's just like who want to suffer? Nobody want to suffer. It's exactly why we go to the gym. 

We want to work out. We want to feel good, right? We want to look good. We want to feel good. 

That's right. Then you have to pay money, go to the gym. So if someone tell you, you don't need to pay anyone. 

You just lie down with your hot tub and listen to the classical music and one glass of champagne. You can get the same benefit. Would you want to go to the gym and sweat out and drink milk and do this and pay monthly fee or just lie down in the hot tub? But you never understand how tub can get the better result, right? It's not a lasting result though. 

It's a different result. You see that? It's different. But if you always in the box, that's always see the box. 

Even you go to jump out, people jump out. They go to big box, but they're still in the box. Unless you are totally out the box, then you might be able to. 

So that's why this framework will tell you Chinese medicine space and time. At which time you look into the space or you just found the space, look in the space. Think of what I say. 

You don't need the answer. You just think when you look at things, you look at things based on the time. You are based on the space to look at.

I guess that's my question though. My experience is that learning from the bad can help you propel to start to learn more from... I don't know. Now it's feeling mixed up. 

Maybe I'll just listen to what you ended on. That's all right. Thank you. 

Thank you. Tanya and Tom. Hi. 

We were talking a lot about potential last weekend and the seed has tremendous potential. Does that apply to what we were talking about? The energy that is contained within the seed, is this potential qi? It says the seed contains more potential, levels of the potential. The seed contains all the information of the future. 

The seed is ready to start the life based on the future. It's not based on the past. It has nothing to do with the past. 

It has to do all the future. Therefore, the seed has a capability with just their potential to connect, to apply, to respond for the environment change. Therefore, eat more seeds. 

If you are allergic to the seed, just like someone allergic to the gluten, is allergic to the seed. Yes, you're allergic to the seed. You're allergic to the peanuts. 

You're allergic to the seed. What do you see? You see that? That's an entirely different subject. Not in tonight's time, getting in that deep. 

There's a much higher level at the consciousness level now. It's not at the physical level. That's why it's not at the space. 

It's in the time. Deal with the entire allergy. It's a deal with the entire time. 

It's not a deal with the space. In my opinion, to treat the allergy is to treat the time. It's not to treat the space.

Okay. When I eat the seeds with this potential energy, this potential chi, the chi is going to be directed to the area of the body that's related to the essence of whatever the seed is. Maybe, maybe not. 

I still say it this way. Maybe, maybe not. Because it depends on your body, your each organs, their responsibility, their cooperation. 

Because you want to digest, remember, information also is the energy, right? Information also is the energy. Potential also is the energy, right? The consciousness also is energy, right? Therefore, you have to ask yourself, if I'm going to eat the seed, which levels of energy I want to absorb? You have to digest. You have to process in that. 

You have to absorb that. Then you have to transform. The levels, each level require the cooperation and understanding.

So that's why it's a cooperation. That's why we just see that today, based on the quantum concept, it's a cooperation, right? It's that all the elements must be cooperated together, has to function at oneness. I know, so it's tough, but that's exciting, right? Well, the last thing I want to just add to this is, when we are providing medical qigong to another individual, and we deliver the energy, the qi, and that system is going to incorporate the qi where it's needed to go. 

Yes, because this qi is without your mind. It's the natural processing. So therefore, their qi, their body's qi, will be similar to attract these kinds of things.

Because what? It's the same frequency in the energy field. The qi has a field, right? So as the modern science says, it's not materialized, it's the field. If Einstein says, it's the field that becomes the real stuff, then qi is the field.

Thank you so much, Tom. All right, last question from you, Heather. Thank you very much, Master Liu. 

You mentioned this is another topic. So if in fact it is, just let me know for another call. And when you were talking about cancer, and that the real cause is thinking about the time, connecting to the time, and erasing or forgetting, I'm just curious if you could say a little bit more about that. 

And I'm wondering, is another way that we might conceptualize that, that someone comes to a different consciousness about that time? Is that another version of erasing or forgetting, that they come into relationship with a different consciousness of understanding, or just a resonance with a different relationship with that time? It's a time, time has two times. One is a developed time, right? One is the consciousness time. So every cancer is a consciousness time, right? You know, one is a developed time, one is the consciousness time. 

The idea is the time of the consciousness. The consciousness of this, whatever we call the cancer, then you have to go back to one more step. How do we define this cancer, the consciousness of the cancer? It's a much deeper concept. 

So that we all thinking it's a bear, we're going to fight. You don't fight, you cannot fight the light. It's just the vocabulary, even though based on the modern science, right? The cancer is a classical science. 

It's not a modern science, right? Based on the modern science point of view, there's no cancer. Even though they use MIEKG test, the machine is based on the modern science. But the doctor, to analyze this, is based on the classical science. 

So therefore they give you a vocabulary called the cancer. The cancer still is at what? The cancer is at the cellular level. It's not at the atoms level, right? At the subatomic level, there's no cancer at all, just energy processing. 

So therefore, how do we define the cancer? It's just energy passing through, right? Modern science. I mean, therefore, how can you treat this? It's your energy, your particle, and the created energy shows. Now, how do we define it? How do we treat it? You don't treat this, right? The cancer processing is natural, just like a disease. 

For the big concept, it's natural. To treat it is unnatural. It's a funny way to thinking. 

I know it's a difficult subject, it's a difficult concept, right? It's a difficult concept, but in my opinion, it's an easy way. Just think about your rain. If it rains, you couldn't find it. 

Like a merry rain, whatever something at the house, you couldn't find it. But it doesn't mean they exist. It doesn't mean they have disappeared, right? You just couldn't find it. 

Meanwhile, you forget. But the rain itself still exists, right? What's happening? You forget it. So if we can apply the same concept to the body, so what's happening? Exactly the same way, right? It can be there, it never bothers you.

Thank you very much. You're welcome. Appreciate it, Heather.

All right, Master Liu, that's it for tonight. All right, so I helped each one of you get this concept and then started again. And look at this, then we are going to, I think the next week is the last class, the final exam and to test you guys. 

You should raise the hand who's good, who's not good. But that's no good, no bad. They are all good, right? So anyway, so next week is the last class and then we know what do we learn? What's the future? What is the sound thing going on? Anyway, so thank you very much. 

See you next class. Thank you, Master Liu. Good night.

I fought like hell. My computer is still on. Good night, everyone.