rich people take risks they are not smarter..
talented people that don't take risks won't be rich.
no risks then can't become wealthy.

if you have too much too loose, then you value your stability now
and are happy with your current financial statements

has to be give and take.
each session will help a certain type of end result..
feng shui are not overnight miracles.

circumstances changes
everyone one wants to change the circumstances.
but sometimes the cause is their selves.
your character leads you to that circumstance.
change character better

traditional feng shui pracitioner are cottage business
but they have difficult applying what they teach.

joey is not loyal to one system
ancient times use another system was a betrayal.

but each system has it's own strenghts and weakeness
joey users multiple systems to achieve the goal.
then we can apply correct technique..
one of the side effects of rich people is multipe relationships.

the secret is applicaton not theory..
growing big is not business sucess but profitability and sustainability is

external and internal influences

external is controlling opportunities 
something that should happen didn't
or something that shouldn't happen happened.

finding people to support you.
if you have the right people, can they make a different to your success
these are the helpful people.
how can we get this help on a consistent basis
and turn those experiences into insights.

meet billionaire but take picture
means experience but no insights.

or if you find the right person then you go oh i'm afraid you will cheat me
not because you don't have luck because you didn't use your luck.
luck worked but you didn't take the risk.

change who you are that subsequently makes use of the opporutnies
or turn experiences to insights..

use internal feng shui to fix the people problem.
some people take risks but then cannot commit because maybe looking for something better or easier.

milonaire path is via small steps and keep doing it within 1 + 2 year should achieve substaintial opportunities..
millionaire FS is not accumulating as in saving, it' sabout generating wealth
accumulating or saving is out dated.

how to get rich
career
investing
saving
business

via career
1. excell academically - use academic star, the smarter you are the better your career will be
will be better only if improve academically.


2. choose right profession -
find from your home what location enchance what career.


3. right loction
what area do you put  your office..

4. get entry level job, work way up
enhnacing boss luck!!

5. change job and employr
jump from job to job

applying feng shui to the top 5 focus.


if make money via saving


1. pay yourself first
2. make a budget
3. downgrade your house/car
4. cut expense

if you want to change yourself, change your environment.
in different rooms you feel different

change jobs, your life can change. 

today we try to invest or own a business

Getting rich by investing..
1. invest is education
2. $ in stocks
3. invest in properties
4. invest your time
every 20 years, ever 1 year there are cycles

5. don't buy liabilities.

6. stay rich -> wealth affected by the market
     hardest and most important, learning experience.
     esp true if your wealth is given to you.
     2nd generation wealth. life for them is staying rich and not let anyone takes away from you.
     fraud, embezzlement or stupidity.
    
people can get rich in life just by stop doing stupid things, like buying things you don't need.
pimp ourselves up.

Getting rich through owning/running a business
1. leverage other people's time
2. leverage other people's talents
3. manage assests
4. lead people
5. make profit

33:09

5 elements -->
business owner/manage - makes decisions -> activites -> results
activating wealth star activates activities and result.


if your business doesn't make money, because you made bad decisions
first thing is humility to see what the cause of the problem.
fix yourself then activities will be correct.


rich think about profits , start owning businesses
focus on two things..

poor talk about salary.

4 important things about feng shui

1. facing
2. sitting
3. water formation
4. mountain





40:21

Property Facing (door facing)

first thing, analyze facing direction
inside looking out, main door


House Sitting
bedroom or study room 
the place where you spend majority of your time.


Mountains or hills
in the vicinity of your home
governs people and how our mind works.
broken mountain or absence of hills effects how the person thinks.

Water
bodies or water, rivers or swimming pools
virtual water - > water or roundabouts or roads.


risk comes from careful analysis of pros and cons
good thinking, will take risks better
can't make a decisions rich people make time for thinking.
if you can see trends, your ability to grow wealth grows exponentially
facing also affects time perspective. strategic planning
see how time works for you.

perfect gets in the way of what's possible.
what you think would take a long time, but other people take shorter time to produce.

something in common with all achievers is they are not patient
drive company to get things to happen fast. (water and door accumulate that for you)

same people can have different perspectives of time, this is the effects of water and door

correct location for water can affect your abilities to create wealth
everyone has talent, it's just when it's discovered.

your bedroom or where you spend most of your time
is who you are, your character.
charismatic nature.
is the person, that does has the habits or characteristics.
to change character can affect person's fortune
to affect character takes times.

sustainability comes from people.

if person is always in lawsuits..it's the person's character
it's who you are (sitting position)

mountains - thinking power of that person
how they see something or perceive solutions

if all 4 are good, then person will complete millionaire picture.

1) what is outside of your door, what is inside your door
what are positive and negative feature.
see wall, foyer, column or pillar right walking into the front door.
any obstructions, neighbors roof, lamp posts -> thinking or time perspective problem

2) where is the workroom?
is it full of rubbish?
if so qi cannot flow.you want flow
if outside your work room, then pylons or roofs then it affects your character

3) do you have water in the vicinity?
is it flowing away, stable or flowing in.
if no water , lack of time perspective or abilities.

4) do you have hills?
are these hills broken , or are they very solid?


Demarcating house…
64:30

Get floor plan
water time perspective and abilities.

qi flows like units it will fill up the whole room
it does not move based on demarcation.

garage exclude from feng shui reading
unless it's built into the house

the garage has to be closed off and built into house in order to include as part of feng shui plan

it has to be a space you live in.
most balcony include because it's small..
huge balconies exclude.


<paste lui shu chart>

lou shu is the first most important thing to buying your house.

make sure your life star is not missing in your property.
life star is life capacity number
look for life star in luo shu chart.

mine is 8 located in the NE sector.

if you buy a house without your life star then this house has no affinity and connection with you.

Door 
room
water mountain

if any of these 4 in your life palace, your capcity to improve doubles or triples
if not you are an ordinary person and not exceptional in your abilities or time aspect.
then you are ok
look out window and see mountain or water then have abilities.
affects character.
add components to life palace see if it's there

Day 1 part 2

Only way is to remove the obstructions.
like a corner pointing at your room
you need to come up with a solution.
why can't there be something there to negate it?

no such things exists
it's all about flow, any  obstructions to flow then not getting the qii

if you buy something that has flow then you are wealthy.
you are wealth when you own your own time,.
when you have discretionary time.
you own your freedom.
if someone owns your time, then you are not wealthy.,
if stop doing it then you have  no money.

true wealth is in ownership
partnership results in ownership fight.
at the end of day is what you own.

mountain and natural is real energy
if you have both great.

if missing sector and negative features then you are screwed.

what business are you?
electronics, accounting these are not business, these are business

joey is in the business of life transformation, feng shui is just a tool
cosmetics is a business of hope or self confidence..
what truly is your business, then can use feng shui to enhance..

bmw ultimate driving machine..
rolex --> success

if you are no longer useful in a relationship, he or she will find someone else.
what is your purpose  in a relationship
sustainability is the key. you have to see you as the ceo of your own company

separate your product from you work.
have to love the result of the product.


West sector is STORY telling
if your job involves influencing others you need good west sector.
if you don't have good west sector then can't enhance it
ieither have or you don't
if it's limited it's limited.

if need to talk then west sector has to be good.

if exists in capacity then you can enhance.
if pylon in west sector can't be in story telling, might as well change industry..
find out what is availble to use.

west sector is important in sales.
everything is sales even in interview.
they will ask stuff about you where you will be telling your story.

also stars affect the sector 
so even if sector OK, then annual stars will affect sector.
bad signal is inability to connect.
west is most important for communication

all advertisements is the message hid underneath the stories.
the west sector governs that type of work.
if west is missing then cannot excel in the speaking business
or huge tree blocking sunlight with west sector then problem with the art of speech..

training and education is west sector
communicate doesn't have to be verbal can be writing.
writing is also story telling.

feng shui is either you have or not, cannot enhance it
feng shui involves being at right capacity then can enhance.

if in sales, then west sector important to have.
in interview it is about sales, where you are telling about your stories.
annual stars can affect sectors.

west is ability to connect.
telling the wrong thing or giving the wrong signals.


CONTROL - NORTHWEST
all business rely on numbers for levarage..
in ability to look at numbers mean can loose money..
accountants only balance number to what they know
the financial analysts will look at what's slipping throught he cracks
language of business is accounting - warren buffet

sophisticated surgery is highly control and precise.
loosing weight, accounting

opening accounting firm with no northwest sector then cannot be successful.


TRUST - NORTH - WATER

if your clients do not trust you then no business
trust is important in advisory or coaching type work.
trying to impart wisdom on some body
parents to children must have trust.. can't always trick them to do stuff
if you have trust don't have to come up with bullshit

trust by personality or credentials.
chair main or advisor

politics win vote by trust.
if you can win the trust, then you can will all the elections.
fix north sector to build the trust.

trust sector V important can rise up and build empire

PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT (FEEL GOOD/WELL BEING) - NORTHEAST - EARTH
yoga, health practices, massage
all about well being, feeling good, living longer, self confidence
generally are you happy?

Fighting Winning Conquering - EAST - WOOD
nike - about winning
fighting winning and conquering..
feeling success - conquer and beat the odds
sector is about winning.

knowledge, information, intellectual - SOUTHEAST
writing about sports, success, education - anything involves enlightening or expansion of mind is SE sector.
if this sector is no good say the same thing over and over.
helps find new stuff.
mental attraction is equally attractive/ growth ideas innovations.


Confidence, Hope - SOUTH
give clients hope of achieving, like beauty or fitness related industries..
with hope can have courage and self belief you can improve yourself.

Ownership / assets that create value - SOUTHWEST
SW let's you own stuff
Sustainability, wealth asset, the stuff you own
ownership can be given to you, create, buy it
ownership you have to sustain, how to sustain?
creation takes time. 

You need both ability + circumstances..

wealth creates freedom.

look at house plans, any sectors has blockages, means that industry not good

check sectors to see what you can excel in
main door
room i'm in
mountain
water

If golfer and trust sector is good , then not help so much.
Study room is NW sector, see nice greenish hill
NW is good for character, charismatic, control.
Mountain governs thoughts and mindset
And you are stock financial analysts, then SW helps.
Baking not great for SW sector

Kitchen is ok because it’s an active sectors
It’s the sectors in the house that you won’t use.
Fix the sector so you can use.


Direct income (active income) have to do something to get $$$

Indirect income (passive income)

every rich person has to go to work.


                              Person (capacity)
Direct income                              Investment


External feng shui affects your ability to invest




People can’t buy real estate to make investment because their capacity is small.
That part requires external analysis

Direct income is where you have maximum control but you have to exchange that with your time.
A lot of people are not given money.

9 reasons why people don’t become rich



58:47

There are 12 animals signs that are located in the floor plan
If you activate negatively you have excuse why you can’t make money.
Some people always say not enough experience…. Then N2 has a problem.

Sha qi can be negative flying stars or environmental features.

E2 rabbit sector of rising sun.
You got something you don’t want to give up, dilemma
Where is the 3 killings there year? If east then have this dilemma

NW3  is pursue something new then take risk.
NW3 s heavenly emperor star, because you are at your peak of your game.

SE3 idealistic thinking..  4) never thought about it.
Ok we can just eat bread, love will conquer all.

S2, did not
Most houses are south facing
Ah.. decent life is okay , getting rich not my thing

SE1, NW1 , NE1, SW1
Procrastination – graveyard cycles.

NE3 – 7 tiger star – enjoy now pay later
Lust, alcohol, sex, enjoyment
Demon fox , no concept of money spending whatever you got

W2 no time perspective – one whole day has past,
Perception of time and space.
Catching the right time.
Bad sector – people have no idea of where there are in their scheme.
                Ah no worries, enjoy good food, worry tommorrow
Good – know how much time they have left.

SW3 – direction star. Earth gates every exists at one point
Finding that purpose in life
Search for passion.
Some people say as soon as I find my passion, then I cant create my wealth.
But then whole life cannot find.

*solutions is not to find passion but to create your passion.
Problem with these sector SW3 then will be lost.
Had access to all those resources, but did not make use of those resources.
While you have to u need all the tools to sustain it on your own.

     
Internal or external negative features will create those excuses
Internal – columns, missing sector, junk collecting. beams
External – t-junction, sharp roof, corner, pole

Or leaks in the house, only sector leaking is N2 then you know what problem is
Leaks, cracks, are all sha qi you need to observe in feng shui.

internal is easy to fix, external is harder to fix. 
need to fix all the aha qi to get to rich level.

everyone has a specific sector that governs your capacity, your destiny and wealth

opposite your life palace is the opportunity palace
life palace is internal - opportunity is external

all life palace has opp palace except for # 5

my life palace is NE so opportunity palace is SW
if you have no opportunity palace, then have to work everything your self.
if you have opportunity palace, and there are good features, means you have good opportunities.
good opportunity like surrounded by people with $$
opportunity can tell you how far you can go.
sector has to be open and nothing cramming the space

other people can help you, you can depend on partnership with other people. 
multi million dollar deal come in the form of partnerships.

if your strategy is to save and be rich, then your only using your capacity, so it will take a long time.
it's the slowest way to becoming rich..
partnerships can be the fastest way to get the outcome you want.
look for partnerships sectors.
if home maker, means your wealth comes from your partner.
your job is is sustain it.





3,8 is a combo that makes wood

4,9 make metal
2,7 fire 
1,6 water
5,10 earth





you can see the pairs, 4,9-2,7 etc

4  9 2 = 15
2 7 6 = 15

Opportunity palace
your opportunity palace and your life palace sum up to 10
so mine is 8 NE + 2 SW = 10

Partnership Sector
since 3,8 are a combo, my partnership sector is 3 which is east.

5's have no opportunity palace,
5 but has 2 partnership place which is 2, 8 because all earth

if life palace is missing in house, that means your personal capacity is limited.
you may have great opportunities if your not capable.
if opportunity not good, then you have partnership palace.
which means your best deal comes from partnerships.
you are not that great but can have a great partner.

these three sectors tell you how you can improve yourself and get the wealth.

if all these three sectors have bad features, then you will have limited ability to create wealth.

in some point in life, they have nothing better to do then bring people down.
these are the petty people.
they can be found in the sector

for example
if your life palace is 1
then your partner is 6, and opposite of 6 is 4 SE
4 SE is the petty person sector.

for me, life palace is  8, partner is 3, opposite of 3 is 7 (west)
so better person in the west sector..

if you are 5, then no petty people, you are the petty person.
most of the riches in the world are 5.
5 know how to deal with relationships.

so the petty palace you can have negative features, like toilets, obstruction
so you just shit on them everyday, what can they do?

hopefully you don't sleep in petty person sector.
then surrounded by petty people.

73:40

9 palace, qi will expand and contract in which the area that is resides
when activate specific sector, then we will use the direct 24 mounts.



Day 1 Part 3


Water positions are better if you have activities there then to have water
With the same activies related to wealth.
Position the money generating people in these areas so they can generate the wealth.
As opososed to put the aquarium there the qi takes awhile to go to other rooms.
50% more effective than using water.
Like aromatherapy strong smell will be at the source.

Int vs ext water
Externally water affects entire has as one unit.
Ext water is powerful than internal water.
Ext water can give great and huge benefits, but if wrong has huge set backs.
This class is int water mainly.

Technique used here is xuang kong, it’s the fastest with results.
Traditional is putting water…

House faceing and door facing different
The house facing represents the whole unit.
The door facing can be on any panel of the house.
Facing is the most important

House facing is the side of maxmimum yang qi
Main road or golf course.
If in condo, then the entire block can be the facing

  
    1. Find facing
    2. Then decide when the building was first occupied.
        a. 1964-1984 – period 6 building
        b. 1984-2003 = period 7
        c. 2004 – 2023 – 8

If first occupied 1994, then u move in 2004, building is still period 7

20:13
Main door is the receiver of where qi comes in.
The main door doesn’t determine facing

If 1/3 of house when renovated then new period.
Major renovations change cycle.
Install lift  or changed panels
Only questions of getting right charts.




Assume direct income is either from working for other people or working for yourself.

Top left numbers in the flying start
                Sitting star

Top right
                Facing star

Big center
                Base star – luck star

8,9,1 ( good until 2023) – are considered your wealth related stars
If 8,9,1 in activities centers in your home
Main door, balcony, study room , work room, watch tv – activates the star
If you activities is not on 8,9,1 then make it so.
Make mahjong room the activity room.
891 stars are where your wealth potential is.
Water can stimulate the qi
Side effects, disputes, money related issues, health,
If you live alone and no one to argue with,  then put the water

8 is cash flow star-
if having problems with 8 such as store room in 8, then you will have problems with cash flow (debt)
you dwit to fix it.

Top secret 8 facing star is always better in the front area then back area
If 8 in back of house then may have cash flow issue.
Middle is neutral.
If 8 is in the front then no cash flow moneey
8 in back then you owe people money.

Star 9 – growth and value. And opportunies related to grown
It’s the star of investments, your wealth grows.
9 star likes to be in the back of the house.

If 9 in front then you have to invest a lot with borrowed money.
Up and coming rich use OPM
8 in front and 9 back is perfect

Star 1 – helpful people

Areas where 1 star is good – heaven heart access cross


Star 1 on the cross above, means your helpful are of superior quality
But also must be an activity center.
If 1 is not on cross, then helpful people have limited power.
Landing palace of the stars

3 modes of investment
    a. Stocks + shares
    b. Properties
    c. Buy business
Business generates cash flow

Key is to own cash flow generating entities.
 
To generate more income is to have more customers. – star 8 represents more customer
Star 8 = more buyers = more income.
Each customer has a cost of acquistitions – such as your service + marketing.
More customer can be more costs
Can increase # of customer but not cost of costumer
To do this you have to increase the value of your product.
But making people happy to do this.
How to do this?
Star 9 – increases the value of your item or service.
Increase price without the complaints.


Now you want same buyer to buy twice from you. – repeat customers.
How to do it? Star 1- represents the ability to have re-curring to sell twice or three times more.
Star 1 is the long term star.
If 8 is at the front



East 1 better has the potential

Create 8-9-1 triangle. Have movment throught 8 9 1
If cannot, then use water.


2 other things
    1. Idea
    2. Ability to execute idea – more important

You can have best idea, but cannot execute, so only stays as idea.
Stars 4+6 facing stars.

Star 4 – is idea and innovation person
Best place for the 4 star to appear is N + SE + SW
If it appears, here and used such as door, then you will have never ending flow of positive or useful ideas

Execute with intelligent you will be able to generate wealth.
Ability to execute can blow competition away

Execute is SITTTING star 6
Because execution is about the person
Best to have sitting star 6 in your life palace.

Next best thing is to use that room as your sleeping or activity room if execution is the key.
if you can get it done, then you win.
The rich and powerful are masters in execution.
You want the best to have execution star in you.

Sitting star 6 better at the back of properity – YIN palace.
Front is less strength.

If you have execution you will always lead the pack.
 4, 6 are conditional stars
891 are no conditions.


Day 2 Part 1

Now control problems and prevent losses
How to sustain and subject to external rivals
Defense is sometimes harder than offense
This section is about defense

Debt
Star 3 facing – cause debt
Star 3 is the star of loss of wealth
The door of harm.
The doors of depleting wealth.
Whatever money you make will be spent.
It’s the keeping up with the jones.
Considered a debt star
If activities in star 3, then you owe people money
You can have cash flow but you owe people.

Under no circumstances should you have water in these particular location.
It’s the spending palace- but too much spending.
Bad financial planning star.

Best place of star 3 is stove of fireplace, because star 3 is wood, and fire burns wood.
But best thing is to not use this area.

Star 3 – SITTING
Cannot accumulate money.
If activity in this sector can’t seem to save money

Star 5-facing
Embezzle, fraud, cheat or cause you to loose money
Major activities in star 5, one big event where there is big loss.
The question one you will get loose everything.

Star 5 is also the most powerful wealth star.
Billionaire should use it. It’s the empire building star.
Unless know how to use then safer not to use it.
Avoid star 5 esp facing star 5

Star 4 and star 2 together – either 2 – 4 or 4-2 (both in sector)
Loss of money due to carelessness
Or loose wealth not knowing their already have it
You don’t see the cracks and you don’t see it
Then you keep saying I shouldn’t have done this.
When the yearly, or moth or day 2 or 4 star combine in that room then careless.

2 -1 or 7-9 or 1-2 or 9-7
Doing stupid things
Waste money
Not educate yourself.
Dumb wife that keeps buying junk.
Stupid is emotional thing,
You did something with full awareness but regret.
If you use this area, you are doing stupid things to screw your self.
Or listen to other people’s stupid idea
Also gambling star or making money via lottery.
Rich people became rich by doing something right.

2-3 or 3-2 Legal problems
Hassles , drains time and finances
Considered a negative combo but advanced feng shui can be in your favor.
Can be like your assets are frozen.
Prevent being caught in these problem.



Day 2 Part 2

Growth and investment.

2 isssue
    1. Risk averse
    2. Can’t commit
This why people can’t make improvements
Basic human desire is to maintain inertia.
Keep doing same thing over and over again.

If get past stage and willing to take risk and commit, then that’s where growth happens
No body grows automatically.
Has to be intentional
Just because you are 50 does that mean you are 50 years old mentally
Because have not turned your experience to insights.
Keep making same mistake over and over.

Everything you do different, then you will face criticism. Every time you do something new will have doubt
But if you can go to the next level, this will give you the benefit of growth.

To grow the most important thing is people.
People is what businesses work, it’s not the product it’s the people, we want to attract the people.

If you want to be successful you have to build something.
When there is no love there is money
If your not contributing then your out.
Contributing growth is most important part.
Have to grow in character and build up other people’s character.
In work, there is no absolutely loyalty.

Cannot skim on talents, use talent at the right time and then fire the talent.

Desire and compulsion
Desire is a wish or want.
Compulsion – absolute drive and need, will beat desire anytime.
Most have desire but not many have compulsion.

Life and opportunity palace has to be clear of rubbish, these to palaces will give you compulsion.

If you want it bad enough people will conspire to help.

Compulsion and desire must match ability otherwise wishful thinking.

If life palace is blocked and opp blocked or missing that means this person talking is merely wishes.

If you have nothing have to provide service to learn.
Have to sacrifice time to learn.
How do we get to know these people

How to enhance noblemen star.

If your running your own business, have to run it for the long term.
If you don’t measure, it never gets done.

Investing you think exit.
if your business, it’s marriage.. cannot run.

Activate your noblemen, and people you can hire or partner with them.
If activate then get ready to use it when it comes.

Nobleman forumla


Take the door facing and then get the opposite of it
For example , door facing East 1 back is West 1
If facing is NE1 the back is SW1

So if door is facing E1, then look for W1 and the nobleman star is ox /ne1 and goat/sw1
If door  facing is S1 then sititng is n1, so nobleman is E2 rabbit and SE3 snake

Can flip the chart
If door is facing ne1 then sitting is  sw1 and nobleman star is yang wood e1 and yang metal w1

Directions with no nobleman - NE2, SE2 , NW2, SW2


When you are noblemen then spend time to build up people. Because it gives sense of fulfilment beyond money.
That’s what brings them happiness.
First your own stuff, then help other people

34:12

MONTHS
Jan - ox
Feb  tiger
Mar rabbit
Apr dragon
May snake
Jun horse
July goat
Aug – monkey
September - rooster
Oct - dog
Nov – pig
Dec - rat

House face E1, so sitting is W1 so nobleman sector is NE1 and SW1
So sleep in either those sectors, which I do.

To activate on the your noblemen month and nobleman day which mine is rat, activate your nobleman sector.
Preferable auspicious day on tong shu
Personalize it because we want the nobleman star to match us.
SOS technique – don’t know what to do period.

Permanently more beneficial if you sleep on your personal nobleman star.

What to ask noblemen?
What are you insights, how do you view this?
Have to behave your self, you can access infinite insights and contacts and experience.

Can activate by nailing something, moving something, cleaning something
Can do it in the office as well.

44:12

Can get nobleman come talk to you.
To way to do this is to use peach blossom
It is your personal likeability star.

People want to talk to people they like.
If someone likes you they tolerate you.
If someone doesn’t like you won’t tolerate you.

Use peach blossom, after you activate nobleman star.
Preferably active the same month.

Peach blossom has to do with pairing mountains









See the pairs above.
Should be 12 pairs from 24 mountain ring                                    
Every pair has one animal sign

The facing of the door is south 1, then also part of south 2 because it’s a pair
NE1 is part of n3

Peach blossom can only be E2, S2,W2, N2
If door is facing NE3 -> peach blossom is E2

If facing E1 which is paired with E2 so peach blossom is rat n2

Peach blossom sector, creates affinity and likeability.
Use within 28 days of nobleman star, the people you meet will like you.
You give good first impression.

Peach blossom can be activated with water.
Or water with flowers.

Use your personal peach blossom.
Do on peach blossom day after nobleman star activation.
  
    1. Find noblemen sector
    2. Activation on noblemen month and good nobleman day
    3. Activate peach blossom on personal peach blossom day

If your noblemen (CEO) comes and invites you over to house
Then you still have to now what to say.

57:20

Sky horse get things done past.
You must have the intelligence to understand what the nobleman say.
If you don’t know what to say to nobleman, then you just get a free drink.

You need to ask intelligent questions and understand what they are saying.
Intelligent people like to talk to intelligent people

Whatever you learn from noble people is more than whatever you can learn from school


Intelligent Star Formula



Continue to use this pairing..



E1 paired E2
SE1 paired with E3

Once you have activated nobleman and peach blossom.
Arrange meeting at the day of your intelligence star.
Intelligence day is learning day.
Can learn faster..

Can activate intelligence star sector on intelligence day.

Nobleman * - sector /month
Peach Blossom * -
Intelligence * -

Can use peach blossom sector on intelligence star day

Can activate by using combo
Activate on nobleman month, on peach blossom day, on intelligence hour.

Or nobleman sector/month, peach blossom day, and same day intelligence star on initelligance day
Or
Nobleman sector, blossom day on intelligent hour.


How can you beat competition?
Execution faster..
Some people can do quality in short period of time.

Sky horse star
    • San he technique
Sky horse only after you have met with nobleman, until you have already gotten started.
Sky horse speed up something you already have.
Can only speed up what you have.




Use as the same direction pairs

If it’s tiger house dog, sky horse is monkey

The sky horse will only appear in monkey, pig, tiger, snake

On your sky horse sector, activate on sky horse month, sky horse day.

The next thing is to understand next level.
Most important is the nobleman star, if you don’t meet the right person, not much else to do.
After noblem star, then activate peach blossom on peach blossom day.
Intelligence star pref intelligence star date.
Now you have a mentor after all this is done.

Day 3

feng shui – capacity,
then prevent from loosing, then growing..

Investing money
Feng shui helps create opportunities for investing..
The value add is how to get good deals presented to you.

Ven caps eat you with everything.
They flip you and sell you off they don’t care about the business.
Best way to get funding from relatives and friends.
If you activate nobleman correctly, nobleman will offer to be partners with you.

There is a lot of money out there but very few executable ideas.
If you use the right feng shui, you will see the right properties or investments come up.
You want to own as much as possible to be wealthy.
If you own there’ s no argument.                                                                                                               

When the money gets big then everyone starts to claiming.
Have to copy right and protect every single info.
Think ownership, ownership, ownership

Can partner, but have ownership on the side.
If you are good but going no where.
Job can be taken away anytime.
Want to start own stuff.

Looking for the best deals.

ownership
Properties, shares and equities and business

Joey doesn’t find property, they are presented to him and goes and choose
Most people go to foreclosures.

Different people have different bazi that is more beneficial to invest in either properties or equity.

  
    1. Lou shu
    2. Life star chart



5 specific ways to plot chart

My life gua number is 8
So use the8 chart
Same chart as monthly chart- see the small numbers

8 STAR CHART



+ LUO SHU CHART

Plot the lower numbers
Creates the life star Luo shu chart



Life star In the center.
Together it’s the lou shu + life star chart

18:17
    

                                                                                                     
Look for which box forms a combo of 10
NE quadrant forms the combo of 10.

If you #5 guy is SW is combo 10
if #5 Girl is NE is combo 10

the second thing is when you look at your own personal life star
what is the combo number.
So mine is 8, the combo number is 2.




This example above the luo shu is big number
So what little number combines with 8 to make 10?
That’s the same sector NE
So both life and opportunity star is in NE sector

NE is the investment sector for life star 8.


Another example


Is if your life star 4, your combo 10 box is 9,1 in the N quadrant
What makes 10 with your life star is 6 which is in the 4 West quadrant (opportunity sector)
So keep west sector in mind

This example is confusing the luo shu is smaller number

Look for life star, not the luo shu.

Investing is the highest level of income earning.

Repeat steps
    1. Luo shu
    2. Life start chart
    3. Find sector A which makes up to 10 with base of lou shu
    4. Your opportunity star sector B, your star combines with what to make 10

25:10



#5 is 2 sectors both A + B is SW + NE
all stars have 2 sectors except for #8 which only has 1 sector
  


#3 investment NW + S


certain years or months certain numbers come into this box such as the yearly and monthly stars.
that is the key , investments about timing.



BUY + HOLD - SECTOR A - LONG TERM
BUY and SELL - SECTOR B - SHORT TEM

look for arrival of certain starts

8 , 9 , 1 , and 2 (earth mother star)
2 star is the value increasing star

Look for month and the year.
if year too long then look at month

when 8912 come into your SEC A + B palace that's when you will meet with opportunities.

have to be in that year to receive the qi.

some years you might have extraordinary luck and get good deals.

Flying Stars 2014
- little numbers are montlhy stars
the big numbers are year stars






so apr, may, nov, dec have good opportunities to invest because of the 8912 monlty stars have flown to the sector.
but the year star 7 is in the NE the whole sector. would be better if 8912 years star was in NE

40:55

if your investment palace is in petty people palace, then you make money people will be jealous of you.

RECAP
assume have to start from scratch
1. understand your life gua, find life star sector check to see if this sector is obstructed by negative elements.
2. checks the forms inter and external that is affecting your palace, opportunity and partner palace.
3. classify what type of business are you really in. - find if sectors are good that support you
4. main door, sitting, mountain water are they good in life palace, partner, opportunity - defines your ability and character,  
if you are unwilling to take risk, character, your mind do you schedule thinking time for your self??
you have to abilities. need abilities to be rich.
if you don't have the abiulities acquire it, no one is stopping you.
time perspective, if you have no conept of time you don't know what;s priority what's important.
if you don't know then you just place face book games. 

confidence courage- south
sports - east
if the qi is good then you can benefit, if not there then your abilities are limited.
positive thinking is limited.
so you have to expand.

6. to maximize what we have?
take flying stars charts of house. 
three things 
     a. facing of property, main road the face. orietnation of the building
     b. the period of the building, whichever the first occupants move in
     c. find the related flying star charts and super-impose on 9 grid floor plan
then decide are we working for other people, if yes, then 891 - make sure they are good
because it governs cash flow, opportunies to increase and jump 9, good bosses star 1.

50:15

if work for self , three factors
8 more customers
9 how much they spend each time they buy from you
1 

if you can't use all three stars because it's occupied, 
the way to get out is great idea facing 4- north and se or great exectuion 6-stting back of house, great if in your life palace.

okay now you make money
your job is to protect it. defensive feng shui.
1. debt problems - facing star 3, have kitchen or fire element or don't use that area or fraud.
2. #5 facing - fraud
3. #2 + #4 carelessness
4. #7 + 9 + 2 + 1 do stupid things that cause you money
5. sitting star 3, cannot save money.

legal problems, #3-2 or 2-3, minimize the issues.

ok now you protected your money.
now how to add value so people like to talk to you and have friends.
even in relationship you have to be the best value for the other person.
you have to be so valuable people always need you
to increase value is to grow
to grow you have to meet with mentors who can educate and teach you and bring you to the higher level.

san he technique, utlize nobleman star of the office.
opposute of the door facing, then find noblmean sector
activate the noblemn monthe anday

56:00
if peach bloossom then people like you but on noblmean month nobleman will like you.
and noblmean will not reject you

then have to talk intelligently.
then activate intelligent star based on the DOOR

after we got advice learn something and want to expedite the result then use the sky horse technique.
the only way to beat the competition is execute in the fastest way.
you slow, you snooze, you loose

you have contacts, you have wealth
compound your wealth have to resort to investing
your nobleman what to and how to invest in.
now you have the skills, you need the opportunies now
buy and hold - fundamentals or buying properities
buy and sell - short term

1st luo shu + life star - look for 2 sector combo 10
2nd the the opportunistar

then look at whole year chart
then look for 8913 months flying into your sector and then use that sector to get opportunities.

remeber move by stages if straight to investments then you don't have the level yet.
from 0 to hero.
this will be a launch pad for you.
sustaining your wealht is important which is forms feng shui.
look for the areas that can produce more where there is the strongest mountain formations
that how you go from one level to the next.
you feng shui + wealth.

<eoc>



























