Let me see if I can see clearly. Yeah, you guys can see the slides? Yeah, okay. So anyway, yeah, so some of you enrolled? Yeah, alright, cool.

So, as I was going through the questions, and I saw this group of questions, and I think most of you guys are actually here, and this is not all of it, there's so many of you asking about QMMC, the Mastery Circle, there are like literally hundreds of questions, so that's why I thought, alright, let's put a session together, and let me explain to you what the Mastery Circle, we already started last month, I wasn't meant to be doing this session here, but since so many of you ask these questions here, so I want to talk to you guys about what the Mastery Circle is, in case you guys have gone through the whole thing, and then like, oh, you never told me about the Mastery Circle, right? So I'm going to do that here. Again, this is not a pitch for you to join the Mastery Circle. If you feel that this is something that you want, then by all means do that, if not, it is fine, because eventually, the next step up after QMAN, beyond QMAN, is the QMAN Mastery Circle.

So I'm going to tell you a little bit about this, and I'm also going to demonstrate, when you go through the QMAN Mastery Circle, what sort of tools do we use. And primarily, coming soon, and I want to cut a long story short, in the next season of the Mastery Circle, and I never repeat the classes, is going to focus on some of the techniques that are in the Warcraft. And tonight, I will also be using the QMAN Warcraft to be answering some of the questions that you guys have for forecasting.

So I'll demonstrate to you how do we actually use the Warcraft. So it will be a learning session, as well as a session for me to talk a little bit about what is QMAN Mastery Circle. Would that be good for you guys? Would that be good for you guys? How about that? So it's like a two-thing-in-one, right? So I'll show you a little bit about Warcraft, and then I'll also tell you at the same time what the Mastery Circle is about, and then I'll give you an option whether you want it.

If something fits you, it's just a small top-up to join the Mastery Circle this time. Would that be cool with everyone? Type a yes if it's okay with you guys. Okay, because I don't want this to be, oh yeah, surprise, there's a Mastery Circle thing.

No, I'm going to tell you up front that this is what it's about tonight. Okay? So, yeah, cool. So everyone's great? All right, so maybe this session will be about an hour or so, okay, perhaps, and then maybe I'll leave more time for some questions.

How about that? Would that be good for you guys as well? Yeah? Okay, so let me see here, because I'm reading off some of the names on the list. Let's see, Melinda, yeah, Belinda, Jennifer, Ines, all right. Yeah, you guys are cool? Okay.

Now, yes, so now we don't belong to that. Not yet, the Mastery Circle, because so many people are asking about it, so I'm asking whether or not you guys want to hear something about it, so I said let's do a session to talk a little bit about it. Again, if you don't want to join, it's cool too, all right? If you want, great.

It's actually a great club to be in. So it all started like this, right? So you think that making a million would finally make you feel something, right? Let me talk about how this all began, right? So this was me back in my teenage years, right? So I always thought about, yeah, let's make a million dollars, right, and I'll feel peace, pride, and relief. My short answer is it doesn't, right? I started studying and practicing feng shui in 1996, and then for five years straight, I woke up every morning chasing a dream that had a number attached to it.

It was one million. One million ringgit, all right? That was my goal. At that time, one million is a lot of money.

I think it's still a lot of money today. Don't get me wrong. I mean, that was the magic mark.

A figure big enough to silence my naysayers when I started metaphysics is like, I mean, I don't know about you guys, but it's not easy for me, all right? Not easy because my family wasn't supportive at first. So to prove I wasn't wasting my time on some ancient art everyone else called superstition, so that was my goal. That was 1996, and as you all would know, I said that before in my training, that next year is my 30th year, 30th year in the practice of metaphysics, 30th year anniversary.

Can you believe that? So more than 2,000 mornings in a row, 2,000 mornings in a row since 1996. At that time, I woke up inside kind of like a pressure cooker. Of my own making, of course, every wall in that mental room kind of like saying, you either succeed or you die suffocating.

That was how I was feeling back in those days because my dad was pressuring me to come out to be an accountant because I studied accounting. How many of you today, you studied something but didn't practice it in your professional life, right? How many of you did that? Yeah, you, right? So me too, right? Apparently, I studied accounting. I got an accounting degree, so I was literally suffocating because I was trying to make it, right? Yeah, so I was telling my personal story how this came about to the mastery circle, okay? So in 2001, I finally made my move.

I launched the Xuan Kong Home Study course. I don't know if you guys know about that. I hit the publish button.

I hit the publish button, held my breath, and waited for the universe to respond. That was 2001. It did sort of because I sold 20 copies of the Xuan Kong Home Study course.

It was like $497. At that time, it was a lot of money for a kid like me in 2001, right? So 20 copies sold. Then nothing happened, okay? 20 copies sold and nothing happened.

A few months later, the CD version, the CD version, you know those days you have this thing called video CDs? Do you know? These were before DVDs. It's called VCD. Do you know that? How many of you are from that era? Those were the days, right? VCDs, right? So the VCD version did pretty well, right? It kind of caught fire in Australia because I put the PDF version of it inside the VCD, and suddenly it was everywhere until it was in Australia.

Then it sold to UK, right? So I kind of made a little bit of money. Yeah, your era too, right, you guys? So it was everywhere until 9-11 happened. How many remember that time? Where were you at 9-11? That was 2001, right? And just like that, it stopped.

It was gone, right? My sales gone. It ended. So still, by then, yeah, by then, I made around 250,000 US dollars.

This is 2001 prior to 9-11. Yeah, I'm just telling you very candidly what happened, right? That equates to roughly a million ringgit. And my teenage dream checked off.

At that time, okay? 9-11 just stood out. I'm just telling you this story, this is exactly how I began, right? So it took me five years, yeah? So it's not like overnight, right? So by the next year, this 2001, all this was gone because I spent it on building a business, right? So I had some money, so I hired a team. I was chasing the next shiny success.

So in 2002, I stumbled into Chimeng Dunja. Okay? I stumbled into, I say stumble, I mean I fell face first into it because it was tough. At that time, my partnership broke, money ran out, so I had more questions than answers.

And for a while, all I could afford to invest was my stubbornness. That was it, right? But here's the thing, 10 years later in 2012, I launched my first Chimeng training. 10 years later, okay? So less than 50 people showed up, I was over the moon.

That was my first ever Chimeng training class. At that time, there was no software, there was no, all this module stuff, it was just me and my notes, right? So I started just like that, okay? So by 2017, the same topic that once attracted only 50 was filling up ballrooms. A thousand people, then 2,000 people, then 3,000 people.

How many of you have been to some of my live trainings? Yeah, some of you attended, right? How many thousand people were there, right? And don't forget, I started with only 50 people in 2012, okay? Some of you have been there, right? So Chimeng had evolved into a movement. Chimeng Academy, which at that time wasn't called Chimeng Academy in 2012, had gone global. By mid-2017, it was official.

Chimeng was kind of like number one in the world of Chinese metaphysics. I know that because every other practitioner is also teaching Chimeng. They somehow learn from me or inspired by me.

I know at least 27 countries by my count at that time, everyone was talking about it, okay? And I was living my dream. But here's what nobody tells you about achieving your dream, guys. The morning after, you wake up without one.

No finish line parade, no eternal satisfaction, right? Yeah, just a quiet unsettling question echoing in my head. Now what? I filled a 3,000-person class, right? Some of you have been there before. So instead of opening my laptop again, you know what I did? Well, after I finished the class of 3,000 people, I hit the full scale of the ballroom, I turned on my PlayStation, and for six hours, I played Final Fantasy.

Okay? So that was the thing. So yeah, I don't know how many of you guys played video games, right? I played video games. I was still looking for purpose in a digital dungeon somewhere.

So after a few days of this, and then the thought, all right, the thought hit me. I mean, the thought is like, you work 10 years for the right to waste time? I mean, you take it from someone who got everything he wanted, right? A thought, he got everything he wanted. The satisfaction isn't having.

It's in the chasing. Okay, it's in the chasing. And the dream isn't the million.

The dream is momentum. So yes, achieve your goals. Celebrate your wins.

But diversify your dreams, and then you spread them across different corners of your life. That's my take on this, okay? Because one day, you'll probably wake up and realize the worst kind of emptiness isn't failure. It's success with nothing left to aim for.

So here's the thing. By 2023, right, Chimun Academy has evolved into, I learned my lesson, remember? That momentum is not the money, right? It's about the momentum. It's what keeps the spirit alive.

That's why I launched the Chimun Mastery Circle. So Chimun Mastery Circle started in 2023. Now, it's not another course, guys.

It wasn't even a product. I like to call that my perpetual classroom. Some of you are in there, right? It's my perpetual classroom.

Because I get to, it's a living, breathing space where learning never ends because I love learning and practicing Chimun. And for those of you who are in my Mastery Circle, you know that every month, I have something new to talk about. Every month.

Every month, a new lesson. Deeper dive into Chimun. And that's where mastery isn't a destination.

It becomes momentum. A continuous unfolding of discovery. That's the Mastery Circle that I formed.

That's the reason I did it. If Chimun Academy was about teaching the world what is Chimun, then the Chimun Mastery Circle was about exploring who we become when we actually live with it. So I want to demonstrate to you today how that is done.

And hopefully this will inspire you to continue if you want. It became the antidote to my earlier mistake chasing the finishing line that doesn't exist. And because dreams shouldn't conclude, they should evolve.

How many agree with this? Dreams should evolve, right? And maybe that's the real secret of mastery. Not the knowledge that you guys collect or we collect, but the questions that keep us curious all the time. So now when people ask me if I finally made it, I normally will tell them I stopped making it.

I stopped becoming it. Okay, that's the story of Chimun Mastery Circle. Okay, so that's how this whole thing came about and I'm still doing it so far.

So I want to show you what it is and then I'll demonstrate along the way and I'll help you answer some of the questions. Again, this is not a pitch, right? I'm just telling you it is available. If you find that this is something that is good for you because I love doing this and I'm going to continue doing this until one day I have something else to do, then I'll stop having the Mastery Circle.

I can't promise you this will be forever. I tend to, you know, retire some projects. That's my style.

Like I retired the Shuankong Home Study course. I retired Grow Rich with Bazi and some of the other training that used to be one class called Feng Shui for Life. I retired that as well.

So, so far I'm still doing Chimun Mastery Circle. I'm really, really loving this because I keep getting to do new topics and I love doing new topics. Okay, so I want to show you what it means to have this and, you know, and see if this is something that befits you as well in your goals to becoming a master.

By the way, how many of you would like to really be a master in Chimun, like going out to consult? Okay, now, can I suggest that you don't do this because you, like me, like you want a million dollars, right? It should be that in the process of helping people, the byproduct is you make millions. Would that be good for you? It should be a byproduct of you helping people. It should not be your goal in going to go and make money.

You know, that should be how it is, okay? Because I don't think if it's, you know, the most fulfilling thing is that you get to do metaphysics, right? And at the same time, you make some money because, you see, I always believe that you make more impact if you start a business because your salaries that you give your staff, you're actually taking care of other people's lives as well. Right? So actually no one believes me, including my own mother. Belinda is saying that.

Hey, you know, listen to this, right? A lot of you, I'm going to answer Belinda's question. A lot of people might not like me. I might not like you.

And you should tell yourself it's okay because I can tell you this. A lot of people have problems liking themselves, even themselves, all right? So what's the problem? How many of you know? They have problem liking themselves. So why you worry whether or not someone likes you or not? The most important thing, yeah? Isn't it true? Isn't it true that a lot of people have problem liking themselves? Yeah.

So don't worry about that, right? When you start to do good, right? When you start to do good and start making an impact, the likability will come, right? And it's a by-product because you are transforming the world. It's going to be a by-product. And I like Chimeng a lot because of its strategic, you know, the strategies that are in there.

And today I will show you what Warcraft means, okay? And especially if you like to go into the business world. How many of you are in business yourself? You're a consultant, you're a business owner, yeah? Yeah, then this is super for you. How many of you would like to be a business coach as well? A business coach, yeah? How about business advisor? Would you like that? Okay, let me tell you why, yeah? Firstly, it's more interesting, okay? Now, I am not very patient for domestic relationship consulting, okay? So I normally don't like to take on cases like that.

This is just my thing, all right? But some of you like domestic cases, right? Like relationship cases and all that. That is definitely a field that you will be better than me, right? The women market on relationship advisory work is huge. Domestic relationship means, you know, he loves me, but he don't love me.

I don't know if he loves me. You know, he said this, she says this. That sort of thing, right? So the lovey-dovey stuff, yeah.

So, but, you know, yeah, the drama, gossip, lovey-dovey stuff, to me is very stressful, right? To hear that, oh, you know, I don't know if my husband is cheating. You know, just ask him, right? So, but, yeah, so I, yeah, just want to slap them across the room, but I cannot do that, yeah? So if you guys want to take on that market, I can tell you that market is huge, okay? It's huge, but you have to have patience, like really patience, because this is a huge market. There are three markets that is huge.

One is money-related. Okay, guys, I'm telling you how to create a career out of this, yeah? Money-related, like building a business, yeah, building a business, helping business owners succeed, business advisory, career advisory, and related to career problems, legal problems, all that, right? So that's, anything related to money, generally, this is huge market, right? So I love this market, because I like the straightforwardness of doing, advising business people, and they don't go by the hour, right? They don't like, oh, you know, you didn't finish your clock, you know, it's like one, they just like, oh, tell me what to do. Okay, done, all right, they just go and do it.

So, and you get to charge a lot more, and you deal with better clients. For me, I think that's, they're more sane, right? The other market is the health market. The wellness and health market, if your work is dealing with health and wellness, it is huge, huge.

You see, if you sell, if you sell supplements and medicine, you need, it's a regulated field. If you're in healthcare, it's also a regulated field. So it's not, it's very hard to make money from professional health-related fields.

But if you're doing advisory work on energy from the perspective of metaphysics, especially qi men and healing through qi men, that you can charge a lot. So, you know, one of my friends who's into chiropractor, right, and now into wellness, he charges $1,500 per treatment, okay? Now, you think it's impossible, all right, but there are people doing it, right? So, the wellness market, it's basically pain relief, right? Pain relief is a huge, huge market. The only problem is, this is not a field that I like to do because I actually don't have that much interest in healthcare, right? So if you are into this, how many of you are into wellness and healthcare? Yeah.

Did you know it's a huge market? Especially advisory work, yeah, energy, healing, especially if you're using qi men, right? And you do it well, it's a huge market, okay? But if you're selling medicine and herbs and all that, that is restrictive. I'm not saying it's bad, right? It's just restrictive. Acupuncture is good, but it is also a bit restrictive, okay? But if you're doing advisory on qi men, on well-being, mental, emotional, energetic, spiritual health, that is limitless.

So you can charge more money for that aspect, you understand? And it's not restrictive. But you do need medical knowledge. So if you're TCM, you're acupuncture, you have all that, you'll be great, right? Because you gotta have some medical knowledge.

Healing the soul, for example, huge, huge, huge market, right? You just look at how well Deepak Chopra is doing, right? He's making a lot of money, right? And he helped a lot of people. So this is a different field, right? Spiritual healer, magician, right? So cool, right? Now you know. So the other market is the relationship market.

The other market is the relationship market, right? So the relationship market, as I said earlier on, it's also a huge thing, right? Because people pay a lot of money to stop their, to fix their loneliness and fix their relationship. I mean, if someone just broke up, right? They would really want it fixed. And only if you know Qimen, you could help them.

And you can charge a lot of money for that, right? And because you do help them, don't charge people money and not help people. That's not good. So you gotta learn Qimen to do that, right? So that's the three biggest field that Qimen can apply to all three, right? So, yeah.

So when, yeah, Feng Shui can apply to all three. But just that Feng Shui, you need to travel there, right? Qimen, you don't. You can do it on Zoom, just like what I'm doing right now.

That's the difference, all right? So, and it's fast in this way. Feng Shui is great if you do development projects, right? So if you don't do development projects, you do house by house, you can be above average, but it's hard to be successfully wealthy, okay? I'm just telling you candidly how it is, all right? So if you are going to pursue a career in Qimen, right? Then having continuous support and learning is important. And that's how the Qimen Mastery Circle is helpful because every month you get new updates, new knowledge, and then you're also on bulletins where my team sends to you, right? So you get a lot of updates, a lot of new stuff, right? You can learn, you see how other people do it.

That's, it's an ongoing thing. It's like an accountant has the accountant board, right? The group, right? You have the CPAs or whatever. They all have their own communities.

But without that support, a Lone Ranger is very hard to become a successful consultant. Do you understand what I mean? A community, right? That is the difference. So for example, right? Would you know how to sell your services? Even if you're a great Qimen practitioner right now.

See, see my point, right? So if you talk to me, I can give you the examples, okay, how this, how you do it, this is how you position yourself, this is how you talk to your client. So you get that sort of ideas in a Mastery Circle, right? So every, yeah, you need, it's not just entrepreneur. An entrepreneur knows the industry, right? So Mastery Circle is that once a month premium training.

I won't call it training, I will say kind of like continuous learning to give you that knowledge. That is the difference, right? And also there are some, there are the stuff, I will tell you about this, okay? So let me show you, this is easier for you to see it this way. All right, so if you look at this, yeah, if you look at this, this is from 2023 to 2025.

Can you see the screen? I always have to wonder because I am looking at, I'm operating my own slides, right? Okay, so this is what happened. We launched it in 2023, and these are the topics that I have covered, okay? And I don't repeat the topics, as you can see, right? On November, I talked about activating intuitive intelligence. There was a whole session on that.

And then December, I talked about how do you harness achievement, spiritual energies, and then that January, I was talking about death and emptiness and sharing on shifting palace method. And then February, I deep dived onto sin metal. What does it really mean to read a sin metal stem in a chart? And then in March, I talked about this tree, heavenly gates, then April, earthly four doors, right? And then there was a live special answering questions and doing case studies.

And then there was another live session, anchor training that I talked about, also consulting practices and all that. And then there was a special session on health. And then there was a special session on how to look at what's going on in a person's life in forecasting, right? And then there was a special on the date selection.

And then there was a deep dive on talking about career using Chiman. And then was the forecasting spiritual guidance, right? And then we talked about why people quit the new in 2025. So all these topics, right? Now, I will never repeat, and you cannot get it too.

Listen, you can't buy this, because these are only for those who joined at that time. Yeah, so I know you're like, then what the point of telling us? Yeah, I'm telling you what you've missed. So this is exactly what happened back then.

And let me share with you. Let's see how to operate this. Yeah, so you can see.

Hold on. Yeah, so I'll just show you. Yeah, so this is 2024, 2025.

This is what happened this year. So every January, yeah, every January, I talk about the forecast, very deep dive into Chiman for the year. And I answer the question just for you guys, just our group, a Q&A.

Imagine a Q&A on the year chart, how to analyze it. You know, normally I talk to, now it's not even 3,000 people in a room, it's 14,000 people in a room, right? So definitely you won't get your questions answered. But in this case, it's only a small group of people, right? So February, that's how to see timing and evidential occurrences.

How do you look at the rest door? April was scenery door. Scenery door part two in the career, right? Then I deep dive into, look at the enemy. How do you see the enemy in Keng Metal, right? July was all about delusion door, right? And then how to see inner plates and outer plates, right? September was a live anchor training.

I talk about evidential occurrences, right? October, I talked about Yang water. And coming this month, it's going to be delusion door, okay? And December, January, I'm going to focus on the annual chart. So that's generally what it is, okay? So what is coming, what is coming, it's going to be on Warcraft.

So I don't want you guys to miss it. I will show you what Warcraft is in a short while. In fact, I'll show you right now what Warcraft is, okay? So if you look at, let me see, okay.

What time is it now? It's 9 p.m. Okay. Let me see this chart. Can you see a chart here? I don't know, you don't see a chart.

Ah, there it is. Yeah, can you see this chart? Okay, this is the current hour chart. This is called Warcraft.

It's actually in the, it's a technique, a special plotting of the chart. Have you seen this before? And this is going to be some of the topics coming in Chimun Mastery Circle. There's this.

Now, how many of you have a question? Let's use a real question. Type a real question here, and then I show you how it's done. A business question, in fact, it'll be better if you have a business-related question or work-related question.

It would be better. How many of you have that? A question here, yeah. Yeah, give a bit more detail, right? Any problems in your career right now? Someone was taking advantage of you, whatever, right? Give me a, right.

Okay. So let's talk about this, right? Chua Ding Yang, Chua Ding Yang, you have a question. How do I handle a boss that has favoritism towards another colleague, all right? I'll do more later.

I just want to show you how it's done, all right? Okay. So, now, Chua Ding Yang, you asked this question here. How do I handle the boss, correct? That was the question.

Now, from this chart here, I see this is the asker, all right? And I will look at your career palace right now, all right? So the career palace will represent how you're going to handle your career. Now, look at this box here. This is called the 100 tactics.

This column is called the stratagems, the blue round, and this is called divine counsel. In Warcraft, there are three layers of advice. Okay, stop asking, guys, stop asking.

I cannot answer every single question now. I want you guys to concentrate first, okay? I'll pick later again, yeah? This is slowly, slowly. So, when I'm looking at this box, this is the self-tactics that you can deploy that will help you get the outcome to deal with your boss, which is on this box right now, to advance your career.

And your career is producing you. The only thing is DE right now, so you cannot deploy this immediately, but I can tell you what it is, okay? So, the first one in this chart right now, let me just put the chart on the screen, so you can see it, right? So, what it's telling you is, you have this situation here. One second.

Yeah, hold on. It's so hard to control the slides. Yeah, okay.

So, right now, the tactics of this chart here, I don't know if you can see my mouse, it's called alliance can dissolve, right? Can you see that? Can you see that? Okay. So, this is called the engage in battle, tactics of direct engagement. So, what you need to do here in order to win, the simple truth is this, the art and science of choosing when, how, you're going to force yourself to win, force your boss to actually give in to you.

So, the literal reason, you need to enter into the battle to commit a confrontation with calculated intent, not because you must, but because engagement best advances your interest. So, this is how you're going to do it, okay? I'm going to give you the exact thing, okay? Think of this technique as a decision to enter into a contest after you have engineered the odds against you. So, the core principles is very simple, right? This Warcraft says, number one, you choose the field.

Never fight this boss of yours on your boss's favorite ground. You got to concentrate force at a decisive point and win the hedge and not every inch, okay? And then you got to control the tempo. So, you got to bring him out and call it out.

You got to call out his favoritism, all right? So, first you got to, you want to win the public opinion first, all right? What you're going to do is you're going to win the public opinion, never spend everything in one round. You're going to divide the rounds, win public opinion, make sure the rules are in your favor, all right? And you're going to exploit small disruptions, creating that opportunity and then you magnify this against him, okay? So, there are a few phrases you can do. In fact, there are six, okay? The first one is that you're going to deploy reframing.

So, you want to map out the decision makers, people at stake, right? Incentives, timelines, moral anchors of your company, right? Your bosses, allies, and enemies at the same time, all right, and choke points. Then, you need to visibly or covertly prepare alliances. Who will support you, all right? Who can support you on your side? So, all these are the ruthless war tactics.

When we say Chimans for war, this is it, okay? So, you have alliances and resources to cover legal aspects, just in case, right? So, you're going to go on an all-out battle with this person to call him out, right? But you're going to call out in this way, yeah? You're going to initiate a shock, initiation, opening move, a clear control action that forces your boss into a narrower set of response, all right? Now, this is not a prediction error. It's actually telling you what exactly you need to do. So, then you sequence some follow-ups and exploit the disarrays, and you can, if he's the owner, of course, you cannot get him fired, but if you're a public-listed company, you're actually going to get him fired.

You're going to get him into certain difficult decisions because the positioning will put you in a higher moral ground. So, the sequencing is important. You've got to have exploitation.

Look for advantages in contracts, roles, public records, and even the norm, and then you're going to consolidate, you secure your win, and withdraw access and exposure immediately, and then you heal internal damage, all right? So, that's one of the things that you could immediately deploy, all right? And you can do this, in fact, in three months from now, there'll be an opening for you to do that. Three months from now. So, when to engage? Promotional cycles, performance reviews, leadership vacuums.

It's coming up in three months. You gather measurable wins, sponsor an advocacy, all right, or get peer endorsement, and then a written business case. Guys, are you following me? Yeah, three months exactly, yeah? So, this is Warcraft, guys.

This is Warcraft. So, opening move, we present a public deliverable, a public deliverable, executive brief time, just before your promotion decision, all right, which is coming on three months. Then you follow up pressure, secure a temporary mandate, all right, and a budget immediately after the victory to institutionalize this thing, okay? Now, if brought, what happened? Pivot to an external opportunity while keeping options open.

That's what this is about, okay? You get the point? So, Warcraft, Warcraft, it's about looking at what this component is and deploying all these strategies at once. So, in your chart, all this actually told to you, if you want to get something by hook or by crook in your work, what do you do? You do exactly as what the strats, the tactics are revealed inside the chart, right? It's very detailed. I can go very, very detailed to this.

So, even in business, right, you can do this business, it deals, right? So, how many of you see the value in learning this? How many of you see the value in learning this, yeah? So, this, yeah, of course, this is beyond just basic forecasting, okay? It's beyond basic forecasting. It's complex, but if you like strategy, right, you like strategy, then this is the thing. And it's only useful if you're going to be an advisor for career, business, you're actually going to do this, that means you become the Chu Ke Liang, the military advisor of tycoons and business leaders.

That's why it's useful if you're consulting. It's the next deeper strategic level of forecasting. It's not just forecasting, it's basically like I could advise you exactly what to do when, you know, if you're trying to win something, right? If you love strategy, how many of you love reading Sun Tzu Art of War? Yeah, so this is kind of like active version of Sun Tzu Art of War.

Right now, it's not a must like this. It's not a must. It's just, well, it's something that I'm going to be talking about in the upcoming, some of the sessions in the Mastery Circle.

So, if you ask me what are we going to talk about, the Mastery Circle has all different topics every month. And so, this is one of them that I'm going to be talking about. And it's not one session.

This could be like many, many, many sessions. Right? So, if you like Sun Tzu Art of War, then this is the actual version from Qimen that people talk about. Okay? So, now, did I take your interest? Should I use Warcraft to help you answer some questions later? Yeah? Yeah, so Warcraft is always the hour chart.

Okay? We always use the hour chart. Okay, I will answer later. Right? So, for those of you who are into, can I just make the quick announcement and then I go to the Q&A? Would that be good for you guys? Yeah? All right.

So, I want to tell you about the Qimen Mastery Circle since you guys asked about it. And again, if you would like to join, you can. Yeah? If this is something that interests you, by all means.

If not, it's absolutely fine. You are already in good hands with the Mastery Academy, the Qimen Academy and the Manifesting Academy. So, this is what happened.

Coming soon, the Qimen Academy. For those who are joining fresh, we are giving this Qimen Manifesting Academy together with the package. If you didn't join the Manifesting Academy, if you already joined the Qimen Manifesting Academy, then you just deduct this amount and top up the difference.

Would that be fair for you guys? Right? You just top up the difference. All right? So, then you have... Yeah. We have... Yeah, that's how... We also have a copy of the Manifesting Calendar, the Manifesting Planner that we're going to include it.

I think this is the white version, the one with the hardcover. So, it's for our Mastery Circle members. Okay? And, of course, you get the Explorer itself.

Right? 12-month subscription. The Qimen Summit. Again, this is if you already have the Qimen Manifesting Academy, you already have this, so you don't need this.

Right? You have the live coaching calls and all that. Now, this is the special thing. This is my personal notes.

When I'm a student, when I was a student, I'm still a student of Qimen lifetime, I have... I like to write a lot of notes. How many of you love writing notes? How many write notes when you study? Do you write notes? Yeah. So, I am someone that likes to collect and write notes.

And I have all these notes that I've compiled over the years that I'm studying Qimen. And a lot of these notes, when I look back, I mean, it's not the prettiest thing. Okay? But I write it down and that's why I can answer all these questions that you guys ask me.

So, I thought this is something interesting that you guys might like. So, I've compiled the first set of my... Some of you are asking about the protocol. The protocol is already going to be inside the Qimen Manifesting Academy, so you don't have to buy it.

It's going to be there. All the protocols are going to be there. Okay? In fact, we will have my voice as well.

I don't know if it's helpful or not, but you will get my voice guide as well along with the protocol. So, you don't have to... If you buy the protocol, the protocol is inside the Manifesting Academy. Have you already got the Manifesting Academy? If you have it, it's there.

Okay? Yeah. So, now I'm talking about something that is even better than the protocol. My personal notes.

So, I want to show you what my personal notes kind of look like today. Hold on a second. I'm just trying to... Yeah.

Bring it up. Okay. You want to see it? I give it to my design team, and they redraw this for me.

Check this out. So, this is a version of... There are, I think, about 50 of these notes. I have a lot, right? But this is the first set.

We're almost done with this. We're just making sure that all the notes are correct. Can you see? Do you love this? Like, this is generally... It's like all this quick stuff.

If you're going to be a teacher, you're going to be a practitioner, you get all this stuff. This is my personal notes that is now beautified into this. All right? So, yeah.

It's so cool, right? So, you see, like, if you want to know about it... These are not, like, stuff that you need for consult, because then you can just look at your own notes and all that. But this one is... It's nice to know, right? Like, you know all the philosophy and myth, right? The tips on how to read the charts and all that. So, these are the stuff that, you know, I put into beautiful pictures.

I got some designers and rewrite the whole thing. It's cool, right? So, these are called cliff notes. And this is only one topic, you see? There's only one topic.

And I think some topics, you have four, five pages. Some topics, ten pages of beautified graphics, right? So, if you learn better this way, I think you could immediately see stuff that I think is important. So, you know, that's called my cliff notes.

I can't put a price tag on this. I can't put a price tag on this because this is so many years of collection. Yeah.

Yeah. So, if you are joining the club, I'm including this package as well. I just want to let you know.

And I've never released this before because my original handwritten notes are shit, right? I mean, my writing is not good. But now that it's redrawn, it looks really nice. Okay? Yeah.

Yeah. So, that is it. So, this is the, someone's asking about Leap of Faith.

This is not Leap of Faith. Leap of Faith is finished already, all right? This is mastery circle. Cheeman mastery circle.

All right? Yeah. So, this is a lot of passion in the topic, right? So, yeah. Anyway, Cheeman cliff notes.

Right? So, this is what you get. And also, the planner, as I said earlier on, this is supposed to be the other version. And you get this as well.

Right? So, anyway, I don't want this to be like a sales page. I want to just put everything together. Right? If you are joining us from scratch, right, from scratch, then this is $2997.

If you already enrolled in Cheeman Manifesting Academy, then you just top up the difference. That's it. Okay? So, if you're already enrolled early on, then you just top up difference, then you can join us for this particular training.

Or, some of you upgraded for this. Right? Some of you upgraded for advanced. You're already in the advanced.

This I didn't talk about during the session, so that's why I have this special session to talk about this. Okay? The Mastery Circle. And for some smaller group of you who want to go all the way to be on a physical Cheeman club, then you talk to the team.

That one is club. Club is like the next level, but then that's about it. The club is very limited.

Right? But today we're not talking about the club yet. We're just talking about Mastery Circle. Okay? So, what is in the Mastery Circle, you may ask.

Well, the Mastery Circle has two things. Every month, every month, I have a lesson for you guys. A premium training.

So, if I can't do it live, I will record the session and I'll put it into your dashboard and you can see it. If you're joining right now, you start as of right now. You can't backtrack and look at all the other old trainings.

The old trainings, we honor those who joined back then and it will never be released for the new ones. The new people who join now will get now all the way until when you end. Then, no more.

All right? So, if you are keen on becoming part of the Mastery Circle, then talk to the team. They will put the link there and just let you get all the information that you need. Okay? So, if you can join us, yeah, I haven't heard you teach Seven Stars Celestial Walk in any of your free training.

Yeah, because that's an advanced topic. You have, that is only done in physical form. That's why I can't tell you on, over Zoom.

Yeah, if you sign up advanced, yeah, then you just top up the small difference from advanced to the Mastery Circle if you want. Right? So, depending on which thing you join, you talk to the team. They will send you the link and you just go and all the information is there.

Okay? So, will you teach Shiman Time Travel so we go back? Don't worry. The upcoming stuff are also very fun. Right? As long as you're in the Shiman Mastery Circle, you get to access the circle.

The moment you leave, then no more. Right? So, that's how we want to do it. So, it's basically $297 a month, right, if you're joining new.

Right? So, that's the thing. If you're already in the club, the club already includes the Mastery Circle. So, it's like, basically if you're joining the club, it already includes the Mastery Circle.

The club includes all the other Mastery training as well and two physical meetings a year. Okay? So, I'll send you the link on the screen and then I'll go back to telling you more about Warcraft. How about that? Would that be cool for everybody? Okay? So, again, this is our current, I think, package that we have.

So, that's it. This is what I missed out on talking about during our close because a lot of you guys asked about this. Okay? Any questions here? Yeah.

Some of you say, I bought the Manifest Academy and the Advanced Academy and I'm a beginner. The circle is too much. No, it's not.

This is once a month additional training. It's good to have everything. It's kind of like the encyclopedia.

How many of you have an encyclopedia? When you're kids. I mean, today you have Wikipedia, right? Those days, when I was a kid, right? My dad, one day came home after work and he said, guys, look. It's the Encyclopedia Britannica.

Right? I'm from that era that we actually have physical encyclopedia. And it's like all the information is there. Right? But you just turn to the page that says sex and you start reading up on it.

I mean, well, but you have all the information that is in one place. So, if you have the mastery circle, it's kind of like having the information there and you get the information when you need it. Right? Yeah.

Okay. What will you teach on February 1st to the 2nd? I need to buy an air ticket to join the event. Oh, it's going to be deep dive into the Qimen perspective and application of the Crimson Horse.

So, normally, every New Year, we only talk about Bazi for the year and Qimen and Feng Shui for the year. We don't talk about Qimen for the year. So, Qimen for 2026 in detail and how to apply it's discussed on February 1st and 2nd.

That's why I call it the Qimen Crimson Horse and what sort of manifesting you can do, what sort of protection you can do, what sort of predictions you could do, what sort of prophecies you can see. So, all that sort of thing. Okay? The exact rundown, I haven't finalized yet.

There will be no recording. I'm sorry. Okay? Because it's meant to be a small meeting and I just cannot manage the resources and the people, right? Because talking to a camera, like now, it's easy because you are here and I'm here.

But when I have a live crowd, it's very hard to address the people that's online. Do you understand what I mean? Right? So, I don't want to do that and then when I did it before and people complained, oh, no, the video is not nice. You're not talking to us.

You're not addressing us. Blah, blah, blah. Because if I film specifically for video, it's different.

Right? Like online. Like this last, this enrollment that I just did, I just did it directly with you guys. There were no live audience.

Right? Live audience is online. So, yeah. I will be doing it live.

If you're coming, it's great. If not, then we'll see maybe in some sessions we can discuss it in the Achievement Mastery Circle or perhaps that. Okay? So, yeah.

I will be closing this enrollment for the mastery, the Achievement Manifesting Academy on February 4th, November 4th. So, I'm going to close the invitation for Mastery Circle as well. In fact, actually this, I'm reopening it.

We just did the membership drive a month before the opening of Manifesting Academy. We did it the month before. So, a lot of people joined then already.

So, but a lot of you guys were asking about it two nights ago. So, that's why I thought, okay, let's just do a session and tell everyone what is it about. Okay? So, we will allow you to do this very simple thing to top up the difference.

Otherwise, then it would be a full subscription Okay? Alright. What subscription gives access to Manifesting Meditation? The Manifesting Academy. Okay.

Alright. So, I'll give you the link. Alright? So, can you just go to the link and then you talk to the team and see what's the difference you guys would be, because people, some of you are alumni members, some of you are new, some of you just joined.

Alright? So, please go ahead and see the link. Guys, can you post the link for everyone here? Yeah. So, you see the link on the chat, right? For... It's not the advanced tier, it's the Mastery Circle.

Alright? Yeah. So, go ahead and post the Mastery Circle link and then you can see the difference. Okay? Alright.

Now, I want to do more Warcraft with you guys. Who would like to do some? Okay? So, yeah. Some of you joined the Leap of Faith, right? So, that's why you guys have... You're asking, you know, what is this? Why didn't I tell you about this? That's why I'm telling you about this, okay? So, now you can just top up the difference.

That's it. Okay? So, if you're joining us, the link is there on the screen. Alright? Okay.

Alright. Alright. Who has some business related questions? Alright? I think today, if I focus on business, I think it would be quite fun to see how this works.

Okay. Wait. Wait.

Hold on. You're too fast. Too many of you.

Wait. See, that's the thing. Not that I don't want to answer you guys.

This is moving too fast. That's why I can't see the questions. Let me slow this down a little bit, yeah? Okay.

Let me see one that is... Okay. So, got a business problem? Alright. Warcraft is suited for business problems.

Okay. Yeah, this one is good. Beth Thompson.

How can I deal with my competitors who are undercutting my prices and trying to get my client list? Beth Thompson. Okay. I'll answer as many as possible if you have business questions.

Later on, I can answer your other live questions as well. Alright? Slowly, yeah? Guys, give me some time because I'm operating my own slides today, which is... God forbid I don't press the wrong buttons here. Alright? Alright.

So... Where are we? Yeah. Alright. I see.

Okay. Yeah. There you go.

Okay. So, Beth? Are you here, Beth? Beth Thompson. Do you have your... Yeah, Beth Thompson.

Cool. What's your year of birth? 63. Okay.

So, everyone, let me show you this, right? We take this as one of the learning lessons as well so everybody learns at the same time. Regardless of whether you're joining our Mastery Circle or not, learn something and take some information home, alright? So, 1963, and Beth's concern is how to deal with the competitors who are undercutting her prices and trying to get her client list. Alright.

So, 1963, if you look at the chart here, 1963, any numbers that end with a 3, any year that end with a 3 is Quay Water. Alright? Quay Water, right here. Okay? So, this is her position right now, wherever she is, right? The... All this information related to Beth's self-assessment.

Okay? Now, she is asking a question that is related to competitors. Did she say... See that? Say that? Okay. So, in order to see competitors, we look at the month to represent competitors.

This step. This is your colleague. It can also be competitors.

Alright. So, now we go back down here and we look for Ping Fire. So, we know this position and we look for Ping Fire.

Alright. Now, just look at these two positions, guys. Watch, yeah? Which is stronger? You guys participate with me? Participate with me.

Alright? Which is stronger? The competitor or self? Right now, it's competitor, isn't it? Okay? Because on your side, you have all this stuff. That's probably not to the best advantage. Alright.

Now, watch. Watch. Watch.

So... And some of the competitors countering you. This is wood, right? And is it wood that is countering earth element? So, northeast is earth. So, you know that competitors give you shit.

So, what should we do? Watch this. If I... This is Beth. Earth produce metal northwest.

Wouldn't the metal chop the wood? Would the metal chop the wood, guys? Yes. So, that means if I deploy the strategy... The strategy... The tactics, okay? I will look at tactics right now. I'll save the near and forget the far.

I would be able to successfully counter my strong enemy. Guys, let's give this enemy a hard time, shall we? Shall we give this enemy a hard time? Alright? Who would like to do that? Now, mind you that strategies for war are kind of ruthless. So, I don't want you to think that I'm a ruthless person, okay? I'm not.

I'm just showing you what the strategy means. Is it okay, guys? Yeah, business is business, right? And because you're my student, my... Obviously, I would have to have your best interest in mind. When it is in war, you do what it takes to basically destroy your competitors.

Let's kill them, alright? So, this line called close combat or save the near to fight the far basically represents this. It's a deliberate choice to fight up close to trade space for certainty to engage directly where timing, precision will matter most. Okay? Now, so, what we're going to do is going to rely on distance and mobility.

You've got to win by proximity clarity and immediate pressure. Well, Beth, you've got to take note of this, yeah? And you're going to do control escalation. It's a brutal technique but elegant in execution.

Alright? Now, how would this... Why should you do this technique? Okay? Because it says here when ambiguity... When ambiguity must be removed quickly, when the hinge is a person or small group, when precision beats scale, which is what you need to do right now. Okay? So, it's not an aggressive technique. Alright? It's kind of like a surgeon's cut to end this competitor.

Alright? So, I'm going to choose... I'm going to show you some principles here, yeah? Number one, you must have clarity of objective. You must know the single outcome you want before you engage your competitor. And you want to control the immediate environment.

Choose a space and time where it favors you. Right? In your market. Face-to-face leverage.

Alright? So, which means that their personal presence creates emotional pressure and accountability. Alright? So, Beth, you gotta listen to this, yeah? Alright? And you gotta limit the battlefield. Right? You gotta limit the battlefield and keep the numbers of players here too small.

Right? And reduce the chaos. Now, how do you do this? First, you prep the facts, right? Of your products. What are you selling, Beth? What are you selling? Rare hair.

Alright? And your competitor is copying you? Is that your formula? Right? Rare hair to the field. Okay, so they're copying your formula. Alright.

So, you need to document the evidence, obviously. Alright? And you need to know, in this case here, you gotta set the arena in your favor. Alright? And you need to produce a camouflage, a fake product, for that person to copy.

Okay? So, what you're gonna do is you act as if you're creating this next big thing. Alright? The next big thing. This is a camouflage that you're gonna attract them into this trap for them to create this particular product.

In fact, you want them to have it. Alright? You're gonna have this act of generosity that is disguised to distract. That's why it's called save the near, forget the far.

Alright? You use the near thing which is a ready product that is faulty, that is flawed, and you're gonna deliberately allow that person to take the bait. Okay? And you have seven weeks right now to deploy this window. Seven weeks to do this.

You understand the seven weeks? Alright? Now, so, close combat, yeah? There is a very, very, very close combat. They're gonna copy something. Alright? They're gonna take something.

So, you're gonna let them take the bait. You're gonna let them take the, you're gonna include this, this strategy. Alright? This technique.

You assemble the evidence of them copying this. So, you basically, you're gonna show the world that this is a copied product because you're gonna document this. You're gonna endorse this very particular thing and let them do it so that they fall into this trap.

You understand what I mean? So, you create this draft, document that process, and then use this as a public promotion to show that your product is actually the superiority because this is actually a flawed product. You're gonna announce the flaw because it's your product and they stole it, right? But they, they, they stolen the wrong formula. You understand what I mean? And you're gonna make the announcement and do a, a sort of a pullback.

Oh, yeah, this is a faulty thing. This is the cool thing. Whoever bought this, please replace with this.

This is a strategy to say, you know what I mean? So, you announce the fault but actually you didn't sell any of the fake things. They sold the fake thing. So, your customers who bought that or used that will now have to come to you and say, oh, then you tell them, you know what? I wasn't gonna make this.

This is not my product but here's the better one. So, now the customers that they sold to will come back to you and you do them a service and now they are your permanent customers. You understand what I mean? Beth, are you there? Yeah.

So, this, you have seven weeks to deploy this. There's an opening for you. It's a bit ruthless but you know, well, you gotta win, right? And you know what? You just eliminated the entire competitor out of this, the face of this earth.

Okay? It's a clever tool. Alright. Seven number here.

Alright, Beth. Guys, do you see the value of knowing some Warcraft? Imagine you helping other people with this. Isn't it fun? Yeah, it's good, right? So, this is the stuff I think is interesting to talk about.

Shall we do a, yeah, it's like, it's kind of like yeah, a tycoon level courtroom war case. Alright. Okay, let's talk about Regine, right? Regine, let me, okay, you guys have a lot of questions.

Let me, I'll try to answer, alright? You gotta give me some time. I need to read, it's moving a lot, very fast. Wait, I can't see Regine's, where is Regine? I just saw her post one moment ago and then disappeared.

Ah, there it is. Regine Lee. How do I succeed being a new realtor with no sales experience in the competitive real estate industry born in 1982? Okay.

Let's do this. Alright, 1982. Guys, 1982 is run water, right? Everyone? 1982, there you go.

Alright. There you go. Now, slowly, yeah, guys? So, she's asking about her career, yes or no? So, the career door, the career, right now she's in real estate.

Sorry, she's in real estate. She wants to succeed in real estate. So, real estate is already in green, right? Green is the real estate component.

So, you can look, you're in the right box right now. The only problem is rest door. Rest door is not a good career door.

Guys, rest door is not a good career door because it is not aggressive. It's good for everything else. This is too relaxed.

Regine, are you here? You're a bit too relaxed. Okay? So, in order for Regine to win, you gotta, obviously, deploy a bit of Warcraft, right? Because, yeah, you're here, right? So, relaxed as in not very aggressive, yeah, to beat the competitors. So, it says here now there are a couple of strategies that you could deploy.

Okay? A couple of strategies you could deploy to win this battle that you want to win. So, can you see on the side that's written here? I'm just trying to show you. Right? So, you have a possibility of using one, two, and three.

Okay? And the strategy of choose battles but win the war, right? So, this is part of war strategy. Strategy means how. Tactic is what to do.

This is how. This is what to do. So, you just have to focus on this particular box and it will give you some ideas of what you can deploy in order to win.

Okay? Now, so, how do we do this for business? So, you're facing an entrenched competitor, a hostile regulator, an economic storm, right? So, quick wins possibly is impossible right now. And your survival depends on on your stamina, strategy, and adaptability. So, first, you need to fortify before you fight.

Right? You need to build reserves of cash, goodwill, and supply. Okay? Meaning, you're going to have some cash for your marketing. Alright? Now, Regine, you're taking notes here, yeah? You're going to have some cash.

If not, you're going to raise funds and find a partner. Alright? The reason why I say that is because without a partner for some resources to build up cash and goodwill, it's a little bit hard to fight the big boys. Alright? So, you're going to turn cost into a weapon.

Design operations that run leaner than your rivals. Can you do that? Attrition favors efficiency. Attack legitimacy, not size.

So, what do you do? Regine, you listen there. You've got to win hearts of customers, partners, and regulators, even if you can't win the entire industry right now. So, you've got to win their hearts.

That's the first battle of scale. Alright? Stagger the intensity. Alright? Alternate periods of heavy activity with low-cost maintenance to avoid burnout because you're on the rest door right now.

Show moral superiority. So, how do you do that? Transparency and reliability win trust in long wars. Okay? So, what do you do? Well, a few tactics you can do.

Extend your runway. Alright? You've got to have a long runway. So, consistent, short five-minute video trainings is a long runway.

You can do that for a period of eight weeks in a row every day. You can do three to four posts. Alright? And you conserve your capital.

Trim vanity projects. Okay? You take micro segments of the market. So, you're going to aim for just micro segments of the market that competitors neglect.

How? By looking at dissatisfied customers. There are a lot in this big boys era and you should know that. Alright? So, you're a smaller player.

You're going to form alliances with some other smaller players as well because you have the chief with you to take care of the dissatisfied customers, which there are a lot. Do you know who these people are in your industry, Regine? Are you here, Regine? Yeah? You're following? Mm-hmm. Okay? Yeah, you're taking notes.

Alright, cool. I thought you got off somewhere. Now, so, you want to position yourself as the underdog innovator in the real estate business by bringing integrity and reform.

So, that is your positioning. So, what you want to do is you want to force your competitors and opponents' fatigue. So, you want to make them maintain expensive pricing or service level that they cannot sustain.

Alright? So, the David and Goliath principle, right? You want to force them to spend more on marketing to try and beat you. So, you deplete their resources and then you lock in the survivor. Sign long-term deals with your clients, right? Support, right? Your deals come from providing longer support because big players cannot do that.

Only small players can do that. Okay? So, that's what you can do in terms of deploying this particular tactic. Alright? And in the eight weeks that you do this consistently, you will be able to take all the clients that are dissatisfied in them to you.

And you will win. Is that helpful for you, Regine? Yeah? Interesting, right? To do Warcraft? Is it interesting? Yeah. Okay.

Let me see, alright. So, yeah. We got so many different questions here.

So, basically what happens in Warcraft is besides looking at the achievement forecasting, we look at what we can do. Okay? Alright. Let's look at the next question here.

Tang Yiping, alright? Tang Yiping. I suffered business loss since COVID and only see some progress now on securing new clients. I am in the service industry.

What can I do to strengthen business and increase sales as Crimson Horse is approaching 1971? Okay. 1971. Alright, guys.

Where is 1971? Work with me here. You want to learn how to do this, right? So, I'm giving you a free lesson here. So, learn this.

Where is 1971? Where is it located? Right. Here, right? 1971, right here. Okay.

So, in this box, it's on a death door. Yes or no? Do we like death door, guys? What does death door mean? What does death door mean? Death door means end of the road, right? So, which means for you, what's your... Tang Yiping. Tang Yiping.

Your business, whatever you're doing right now in your service industry, your same strategy has to end. The way you're getting business does not work. You have to do something absolutely different.

That's the first, first advice you come from the chart. You got that? Alright. So, let me ask you a few questions, guys.

I'm going to help you now. What are you currently doing to get customers? You got to participate here, right? You type the answer. What are you currently doing? And the rest of you, don't ask any other question first, right? Because it's going to... Now, I just want to talk to Tang Yiping.

Later on is your turn, alright? So, you're doing what? You're advertising Facebook or agent, right? Tell me what business you do. Are you real estate agent? Tang Yiping? Everyone look at the chat, right? In retirement service industry as an agent, alright? So, whatever you're doing, Facebook advertising, obviously, it's not working. Because you most likely do not know how to do that Facebook marketing in the first place.

And all your marketing to the wrong people. The reason I'm saying that is because there's a disruptor. And disruptor means it's basically in the wrong direction.

Okay? So, what must you do to change this, right? Recording in progress. Right? I need to think. I give you the answer.

Do you see Harmony right here? Do you see Harmony right here? Right? Okay. So, partner with someone that complements your business and offer their service or their products along with this. So, they give that free service as some value to your package that you're selling.

So, they get the client as well. But you get the sales first. So, they get the lead.

You get the sales. You get what I mean? For example, let's say now you have a Feng Shui practitioner that says, okay, I'm going to offer a free Feng Shui consult. But you can tell them this consult is 20,000.

And if it buys from Yiping, right, it includes this. So, now you have a partner that delivers this. You understand what I mean? You offer additional services from partners.

So, you don't have to come up with a thing. You just add it on. You get what I mean? That's what this strategy is about.

Right? That's what this strategy is about. Wellness related, finance related, the three bigs. Right? Finance related or relationship or health.

Right? You add that together. Are you here, Yiping? Yeah? Yes. The partner's products you add it in.

You understand what I mean? A partner brought product. We call this a what in business? What? Crossover or whatever they call that. Yeah? Yeah.

So, now your value of whatever you offer, your competitor cannot offer, and you have such a huge, huge value in whatever you're offering right now. You understand what I mean? Okay? So, now you use that to now counter your business. Your business will be way better than before.

And your partners get the client, and you get the money. It's so easy. Okay? So, how do you do this? First, you need speed.

All right? You got to do this fast. Yeah? Will it be long? No, you can't make it long. You got to do it now.

Like fast. You got to act fast. If you wait long, your competitors will offer their more value than you.

You got to do this fast. And here's the problem with your site, yeah? Because your dev door is very slow. Very slow, you do things.

So, you need to have urgency. Okay? You got to do this with extreme urgency. And fast, it will beat your clients, your competitors.

Because ham door is about speed. So, fast is your solution. If anything slow, you do slow.

Don't take seven days to think. All right? Seven minutes is you decide and go. Right? So, that is your weakness is you take too long to think.

Right? But your strength will be if you can decide faster than your competitor, you get the business in. Adriana says, I'm 97.2 and my question is about business. So, is it my response too? The answer is absolutely no.

In Qima, you have to follow the command. Who is the host and who is the guest? My guest right now is Yiping, not you. So, if I'm reading someone's wife died, will your wife die too? Cannot be, right? So, you cannot.

You cannot relate like this because you're not invited into the chart. Okay? You got to be invited into the chart, then you are the guest, then it applies to you. You understand? Okay, Yiping? Yeah? You got your answer? Yeah.

This is the Auro chart, guys. This is the Auro chart. This is the Auro chart.

It's fun, right? Okay? So, this is basically what we call achievement warcraft. Yeah? So, some of the sessions, not all, some of the sessions I want to be introducing this topic as well in the Mastery Circle if you guys find that this is something you want to learn along the way. It's not the only topic.

I won't be doing this every single month, yeah? There'll be some other topics as well that's very interesting, right? Like death and emptiness. I want to revisit that. How about ghostly encounters? That's a very interesting topic to talk about as well.

Right? How do you analyze insurance business, right? Or maybe just take a case study of you guys doing something and we do a break apart the whole thing and dissect the whole thing and show you how it is done. So, there's a lot of stuff that we may talk about, right? So, anyway, get some information about the what about access to plotting these charts? Yeah, of course, you will get the when we talk about warcraft then you get the the plotted version, the plotted. So, it's very easy, okay? Okay, yeah.

So, if you are if you feel that this is something important for you to continue on Chimun Mastery Circle then, you know, the guys can just post the link there, right? For you guys to consider. We're going to close this enrollment on November 4th with everything else. Okay? So, if you want to top up this will be the best time.

If you want to join the Mastery Circle this will be the best time as well. Again, no pressure. If you feel that this is not something you want right now it's also fine.

But, I don't repeat the topics after I finish them, right? Just so you know. Right? Not November 4th. November when is the I can't remember the the new closing date.

November 8th. Yeah, sorry. That's the new closing date for this Mastery Circle because the next month's Mastery Circle is on November 15th if I'm not mistaken.

Right? November 8th, I think. Yeah. Are you going to check this? As I said, this is not like a pitch so I don't know the details.

Right? The team will tell you. Okay? Alright? The team will tell you. Alright? So, yeah.

So, those who are joining let us know. If not, it's fine. I'll see you definitely in some events either in Thrive or Feng Shui and Astrology and or the in live in person event for Qimen February 1st and 2nd in Singapore.

It's going to be fun. Right? If you'd like to upgrade How many of you would like to upgrade just so my team can just make sure the names are there and make sure you get all the freebie stuff as well. Just so we know.

If it's type of me don't worry. No obligation. If it's type of me or type of the word upgrade then the team will just be able to talk to you guys.

Okay. Alright. Thank you so much for joining me today and I look forward to seeing you in person sometime soon.

Yeah? Yeah. I love talking about Qimen. Right? So, yeah.

Don't worry. We'll have a lot of more opportunities to talk. Oh.

Upgrade Qimen Club as well. Wow. Nice.

Alright. Cool. Cool.

Thank you. Thank you guys. Good night.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye-bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Can't stop the spirits when they need you This life is more than just a read-through Oppan Gangnam Style Gangnam Style                     O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O You call me out upon the waters The greater known where feet may fail And there I find you in the mystery, in oceans deep, my faith will stand, and I will call upon your name. And keep my eyes above the waves, when oceans rise, my soul will rest in your embrace, for I am yours, you are mine. When your grace surrounds and teases me.

Light kai ni boku wa mou hitori de Nagesure narita akikan no jouda Takai no subete wo shiru sukusu made ga Ai nara wa itsu towa mineru mou ka Sekai ga owaru made wa Koto mo nai eita Ikusen no yoru to Owaranai hazu Every night Soshite hito wa kotae wo motomete Ushinau yoku wo marake Machiha yo sora wo osenai Sekai ga owaru mae ni Ikasete okure yo Mankai no kanata Mirai no kata Zutto eien wo shinjinai Nanoni kitto Sekai ga owaru made wa Hanaretatte