in equal measure. And every interaction, amplified, every interaction refines the signal of who I am and what I'm ready for. And the world reflects my readiness, my presence attracts that stability and shared growth. 

And I'll secure it. And this relationship is also going to benefit the other person. The other person or the person that is connected to me will become a better human being, will achieve his or her goals, will be able to live happier as I will be the activator of that person's happiness. 

And we shall build trust together and equal kindness and steady love. And I shall give first and in return receive multiples of that. So you see, you're paying the price. 

You gotta pay the price. You gotta have love to offer, you know. I mean, who the fuck wanna love you if you are someone that, oh, you know, I'm just like so miserable but I need someone to complete my life because my life is incomplete. 

Listen, you're not there to take, you're there to give. So you don't come from scarcity, you come from abundance. You see the difference? Now seal the deal, right? So you seal the deal and say, right, this union is active, is now active, anchored and alive through the activation of six harmonies and whichever constellations and let it be so and proceed with your life. 

And go out there and give love and you shall receive love. Okay? That's how it works. So you gotta understand the law of equivalent exchange. 

All right, guys? Cool? All right. Now, to secure this, to make sure that this works well for you, you gotta do some homework. All right? How many of you guys, I know if it's school, you don't like homework. 

How many of you feel that doing some work here will help you anchor this like for real? Yeah? Okay. So go to this page and download your assignment. Go to this page right now and download assignment and load it into Facebook. 

This is super important. Please do this because this is the transformational thing. If you do this, you have that realization, you will close the gap, you'll understand what you need and you will write a better, more powerful command. 

The perfect command. You follow through these questions basically to help you answer what's the gap between where you are and where you want to be. Because this actually quantifies the problem, the size of this problem and the gap. 

And you could quantify this in dollars and cents if you find it hard to quantify it in abstract terms. Because usually numbers are more, you know, is factual. So if you quantify in dollar values, it's actually easy. 

I prefer to do that. And then ask yourself this, if you feel that gap, what would that open up for you? This is important because that tells you how important this is, right? If you unlock this, what is the true version of yourself that you will achieve when you get that love? When you actually eradicate that illness from you. How would that life, how would life be? What happens if you're really cured? What happens if you really got the love that you want? What happens then? What happens if your career really continues? What happens then? What happens then? Describe it please. 

What happens then? Is that good? Sometimes we lose track of that, right? And what happens if you don't close that gap in the next six months? What if you don't? What's the price you're paying? This is important. If there's no urgency, if there's no real consequence, this perfect command, you will not be able to activate it because there's no definition to it. Right? It's not urgent. 

It doesn't matter. If it comes, it comes. That's why it's not happening.

So if you don't get this within the next months, is it going to hit you in the pocket? Right? Would you lose that relationship? Would you deteriorate? Would you actually, when you don't become better, would your family be better? If you don't become wealthy, can you take care of your mom who's aging? Can you take care of your parents? Can you take care of your kids if you don't improve? That's in the six months, right? Think about it. And what's the maximum you'd invest to closing this gap? That part is important to secure the deal. Right? You may say some $200. 

$200. Then you can't expect an enormous change. I mean, come on, right? $200 will change your life, really. 

Right? What's the maximum you really think? If all this thing could close, what's the maximum? You guys type it. Priya. Right? Jose. 

Sophie. $2,000. Okay. 

$10,000. Wow. What's this? $100,000. 

Wow. I appreciate that you say that because, well, at least now you know how important closing this gap is. Sometimes you got to not be afraid to write the number.

All right? If you could make all these problems go away, is that really worth the price? That's the law of equivalent exchange. Okay? And by the way, there's a price to pay to be successful. There's also a price to pay to be not successful. 

There's a price to pay for good health. There's bigger price to pay for bad health. You know that, right? To be sick is worse. 

Now, I just want to tell you this. Something special for part four, which is coming soon. You got to not miss part four. 

Because I told you, remember this? This is the Achievement Academy. The entire training, which is worth $1,997. Well, I still haven't announced how you can get this for free yet.

So if you want to know how, you got to be in part four. Okay? This entire training itself, the entire signature event, the Achievement Academy. All right? So it's going to be something special happening in part four. 

And these four books here, the deities, the doors, the stars, the stamps, these four books, this package here, which is new, is a $500 value. There's an opportunity for you. You might be able to get this for free if you go through part four. 

But first, you got to do your homework. Okay? If you don't do your homework, then there's no chance. No chance at all. 

So that's why part four is super important. Now also, I want to address the white elephant in the room. Traditionally, every time we've reached to part four, I will be talking about an opportunity for you to take the next step and join us in a training program. 

Okay? No surprises there. All right? Everybody knows that after four parts of free training, some of you might want to take the next step. Again, for those of you who are not interested, it's absolutely okay. 

It's fine. All right? You get whatever free training that you can get from here, and I hope your life will transform for the better. And in some time when you're ready, you can always join us. 

But for some of you who are already prepared since last year or the year before, and you knew that this is the time that you want to take the next step forward, I just want to make a very, very quick announcement today. In preparation of part four, because usually when the frenzy begins, some people will say, you know, I didn't get this bonus or that or this, you know, what is a full package or whatever. So I just want to make a very short five-minute thingy here so that nobody misses out when we actually open the enrollment in part four. 

And yes, it is a new training. Just so you know. And we've never done this type of training that we've done before. 

I'm not going to announce every details in part four. Now, what I'm about to do here right now, just before we call it a day and recap, you know, what we've done today. The last time I did this pre-enrollment was in 2020. 

Okay. And it's sort of like guarantees all the bonuses, including all the limited ones, because you guys already know that, you know, I want to take that next step further, but I don't know what package is it right now. All right. 

So that's why I call this the leap of faith. And let me tell you what the leap of faith is about. All right. 

Was it 1999? 1997 to be precise. This is like, wow, almost 30 years ago. So I was in Sydney. 

And at some point my friend said, let's go for skydiving. I'm like, skydiving? Okay. Yeah. 

Let's go skydiving. So I was like, I mean, hikes is not my thing. How Yeah. 

I couldn't, I mean, most things I could do, but, uh, doing that is the next level. So somehow my friends, uh, might convince me to do skydiving, you know, even the tandem sort of dive, you know, that flight, right. That flight, that dodgy little plane that they're, they're, they're taking off from, you know, wherever. 

And then on the way up, they say, all right, we're now 10,000 feet and in 12,000, and finally they reach 15,000. And so at that point, the, uh, the, the pilots say, okay, we're ready. And then the back of the plane open up like this.

All right. And then we were there, we were strapped on. And seriously, at that time, I could literally feel the fear from my entire body. 

All right. I, I questioned my, my life decisions at that point. What the fuck did I do that? Right. 

But then my friend was like, oh, you know, you're going to jump. And even he was quiet at the time. Okay. 

So we were there and now, you know, we have to, we're standing right at the edge. Right. And so we have, I have to lift my legs and just hang on to, um, that, that guy who's strapped me to his, his chest. 

Right. Because it's a tandem dive. But even so looking down, it's so freaking scary. 

Right. You could see like the edge of the, the, the earth, the curve, right. So far away. 

And I'm really questioning my life decisions at that point. And then I say, all right, get ready. Count to three. 

And I go one, two, and the guy just jumped. Right. Because he knew if you count to three, I'll be grabbing onto something.

So he's jump. And that fear, that immense fear at that moment. And as we took off, I tumble, I turn. 

And then suddenly I look at the horizon. It's so beautiful. All the fear disappeared.

So beautiful. That ride down. Wow. 

I don't know, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. I don't know how it feels like, but that parachute down, it's an experience of a lifetime. So my point is this. 

Sometimes just before taking an enormous leap, it's a lot of fear. But the moment you take that leap, everything is beautiful. So I call this the leap of faith. 

And, uh, I did this, um, um, very special pre-opening back in 2020. And a lot of people took the leap of faith. And so the leap of faith works like this. 

You guys don't know what the enrollment package is right now. You don't know. You don't know, but you have been with me long enough to know that it's going to be super good.

One of the best Qimen trainings ever. You don't know. There's anticipation that is coming.

And I only reviewed it in part four of our training. Okay. And to see what is the new enrollment package is like. 

So right now, all I can say is it's great. All right. So if you want to take this leap of faith with me, right. 

You trust me and my team enough. You've been with me for some years now. Of course, if you're new, then please don't take it. 

All right. Because you don't even know me yet or well enough, but if you're already been here, you've been through some of my other trainings before you have been in my team, you're connected with us, and you know that it's going to be the best ever. Then take this leap of faith right now to join me in this new training. 

I'm not going to announce the name yet. Now, for those of you who are taking the leap of faith, here's something extra for you guys. All right. 

Tomorrow at Malaysia time, 1pm to 2pm. That's tomorrow. Okay. 

So I believe you understand it's about 12 hours difference. I'm going to conduct a very special training called the Qimen Forbidden Tactics. Now in Qimen, there are certain things that when we are learning from our teachers back in those days, they always say, oh, Qimen cannot be taught to people who are not worthy, because there's a chance that you might use all this for, you know, not so good intentions. 

So these are called the 13 forbidden tactics. Now, I won't be able to address all 13 tactics, but I'll address some of them. These forbidden tactics, for example, the power of seduction. 

There is a certain dark method of Qimen. Again, I'm not teaching you to use this. I'm teaching you how it is done, and maybe you could prevent it being used on you. 

Some of you might want to do it. Okay, don't abuse it, right? But how to use the power of seduction to compel some people, and how do you avoid it? Some people might be using it on you, and you just hopelessly become obsessed with someone. You don't even know why you fall in love with that person, because they use this, the Qimen power of seduction. 

You see, Cleopatra used it. Maybe not in the Qimen style, but women back in those days, right, is able to pull an entire, run an entire empire, bring men down to their knees. It's called the power of seduction. 

It's a very high-level technique. Empress Dowager, right? She also managed to do that. I mean, she came from a very ordinary class of Manchu back in the day, and she rose to the most powerful position in China, power of seduction. 

So, at least learn how to prevent it. This is called the forbidden tactics, and in Qimen, historically, there are 13 forbidden tactics of Qimen. So, I want to address some of this. 

This is an additional knowledge that if you want to learn in Qimen, I thought it's quite an interesting topic to add in. So, it's outside of the syllabus, and if you'd like to, I will include this as a very special sort of a kick-off meeting, a kick-off Zoom meeting tomorrow we have. This is for those who are taking the leap of faith.

Some time ago, I think, Kenny, how many years ago? This is just after the pandemic. So, it's for about 20 plus people at that time, right? So, we did a program called, it's not exactly called Qimen Manifesting Masterclass, but it was actually that. And so, this is a compilation of all those lessons and techniques that I've done before. 

But this book here is no longer in production. It's no longer in production. But I have something better, and I will announce that in our part four of the training. 

And it's something related to this, that is the new thing that is upcoming. And so, if you guys want to take the leap of faith to enroll in that new training, you can do it right now. Because the leap of faith basically means whatever we are launching, which is related to what I just showed you, and have all the limited bonuses, as well as the t-shirt, then join us for the, just take the leap of faith, okay? Otherwise, it's fine. 

We'll talk more about what the new training is in our part four of our training after the entire lesson. Okay? All right, is it cool? All right, the leap of faith button is there somewhere, and the link and all that. So, take that if you can, all right? No worries. 

Just to secure all the bonuses, if you will. Okay? All right, anyway. Anyway, for those of you who, you know, I don't want to take the leap of faith, then it's fine, all right? I'll see you in part four. 

And don't forget, today is the last day you could actually sign up for the gold pass, if you have not already done so. Please join us for the gold pass to actually get the replays, and the AI multi-language translations, and the dedicated Q&As to answer specific questions that you may have. All right? So, this is the gold pass. 

Get the gold pass, guys. All right? At least get the gold pass. It's just 47 bucks. 

All right? Okay. Now, as usual, I'm going to do an unplugged session after this on Telegram. Unplugged means, you know, we can talk about whatever topic, or just have a casual chit-chat on Telegram. 

I'm going to have a glass of water. They're going to wrap things up here. You know, staff had to go home, but I can still be on Telegram with you to have a chit-chat. 

Okay? If you're not on Telegram, go to it now, all right? In the next five, ten minutes or so, we'll do an unplugged over there. Okay? Otherwise, thank you so much for being with us for part three. I'll see you at part four. 

Don't miss part four. Do your homework, all right? And ready for the last and final bit for the Achievement Manifesting Framework. I'll see you there. 

Bye-bye. My name is Ethan. I'm actually from Malaysia. 

I'm an Accounting and Finance graduate. I started out as an accountant doing audit work and doing financial reporting. Subsequently, I transitioned into doing project management, as well as the strategic and business planning. 

I actually started following him since 2014. Back then, he is the one who did the workshops physically in Ming Valley office. Quite an experience when you're looking back. 

It's a privilege to learn from him, even through workshops. Before I joined the achievement club, I attended some of the tribes in the early years. During the tribe, he actually shared about the Human Trade Victory application. 

I actually did some experiments on it. I actually have a rental unit that I would like to put out in the market, and the desire to rent the unit is actually on the higher market price. Most of the vendor agents say it's not possible, so we listed it, and I did a achievement manifest through the victory application. 

After we manifest, we actually managed to rent out the unit at the price that we want, which is essentially around 30% above the market. I would say it's a very good example of how achievement helps us in a not so difficult and complicated way. Just apply Achievement Trade Victory, personalise to yourself, and it works.

I did a manifest with Achievement Singapore during a manifestation walk-off back in June or July. I actually managed to do that. I wanted to do a sharing on the Joriat platform. 

So after my manifest, I was actually being approached by Team Joriat Singapore last week to do a sharing in their mid-autumn gathering. I was surprised that they asked me, so I actually immediately booked a ticket to Singapore and did my sharing with Team Joriat Singapore. The manifestation, it doesn't happen overnight. 

It takes me a while, but I think recently I managed to get a bit better off than last time. Eventually, as we progressed, I started to embark on this achievement club journey. The intuition starts to open up. 

Not only that, I actually met a lot of great people, new friends, like-minded people, the community. So I think to do achievement, part of the major thing is not only to learn, but it's to practice and to support each other. The other thing I enjoy learning from Mr. Tung is direct sharing. 

The way he shares, he really shows how he applies on his real-life experience being in his business. It will be a rewarding journey. Actually, seeing how he progressed, it actually inspired me and a lot of people as well.

Knowing him actually, I learned a lot of new things, life experiences that I never thought I would be able to go through. I think if you're interested to find out about Chinese metaphysics or you want to know what lies behind your life destiny, Dr. Jirayu is the person to go to. Hi, everyone. 

Kerwin here. I wanted to leave this message for everyone. A big thank you to Joey Yap and his team. 

I went through the daily manifestation, the free webinar. At the end, Joey Yap put out an incredible offer. Now, without going too much into it, my situation is unfortunately, a lot of things are crumbling, not really working out. 

Marriage is falling apart, going through the divorce, the moving and all of that. Not saying that as a sob story. What it is, is at the end, with the offer of basically $2,000 for $11,000 worth of stuff, I figured, let me give it a shot. 

Let me see. Joey Yap put out instructions on how to manifest for a sponsor. That was for the day before yesterday. 

I used it. I used the right direction, which was the southwest, backed it. I went through all of the instructions. 

I did the command. I summoned the deity and said, manifest for me a sponsor so that I can take part in this program, so that I can transform my life and be of better service and better impact on the life of those lives that I can touch. I did. 

After that, now, I had purchased the book previously of the evidential occurrences. I figured, you know what? Let me see what it says. I looked up the doors, what the door was in that sector. 

It said that the evidence to look for is you travel two to 12 kilometers, or in my case, it would be miles. If you see someone mourning the loss of a loved one, then you know it will come true. I jumped in my car, drove in the direction of southwest. 

About five miles in, I saw a sign. Literally, it was a handwritten sign posted on the telephone pole saying, lost dog. Immediately, the intuition in me screamed and said, that's it.

I had to think about it. Is that really someone mourning the loss? Yeah, it's a lost dog. It's the loss of a loved one. 

I was excited. Three hours later, I put out the message. Obviously, earlier, I put out the message as soon as I got back. 

Then, three hours later, I had someone come on and sponsor the whole amount so that I can take part of the program. I'm super excited. I'm so happy to see the results already. 

I can't wait to get into the deeper parts of the program and start making some real change. Joey Yap, I appreciate everything that you're doing, bringing these traditions to light. I know it's a lifelong passion of yours.

It's doing great work. For everyone on the team, you guys are amazing. I look forward to doing a lot more with you guys.

Hi, I'm Ryan. I'm currently living in Malaysia. Currently, I am in the F&B industry.

I'm currently an owner manager for a cafe right now. I basically do day-to-day work with managing the team, making sure the operations are all doing very well. During that time also, Joey Yap, he did treatment for fasting. 

For them to ask very specific questions, and what is the next plans to move forward to, that is where I first found out about treatment. That really intrigued me because it really felt like, because Chinese metaphysics is always very, had this kind of reputation where it's always forecasting about your life, where it's like, oh, you have tendencies to be like this, you are more likely to be like this kind of person, or if not, then you can concentrate on phase here to get something better. So, to have it in such a different way, where you are able to strategize and plan things step by step, was what really intrigued me about treatment. 

That's how I really learned about treatment. I also did use treatment, treatment manifesting, and I just won the Malaysia Open Barista Championship this year. For me specifically, I used a lot of manifesting to try and manifest skills to help me win, rather than just the wins itself. 

So, that really helped me open up, and I can basically say that was kind of the key point in which it kind of like roller coaster, snowball into all the other opportunities this year, where I basically, using the help of treatment also helped me have other opportunities for me to open up. But I think overall, the overall message and what he's trying to deliver, and the overall big picture that he's trying to send, is also very straightforward, very intuitive in that sense now. Like, what he's trying to say, like, in forecasting, they, outcome, produce, counter, this, like, or produce, if the outcome produce you, good. 

If outcome counter you, no good. It's basically something like that. But then, when it goes into something a little bit more specific, then it's a little bit more confusing.

But I think overall, the lessons were easily applicable. It's still everyday life, we should maybe go through a little bit quicker. So, so, so, so,