Good evening. Good to see you all here. How you guys doing? All right, you could use the chat and connect with me here.

Right. Hello. Hello.

Good to see you all here. And firstly, congratulations on joining the all-new Shimon Manifesting Academy. I'm super excited, me and my team super excited to be able to serve you in this up-and-coming new training, which I think will be groundbreaking in terms of Shimon, it has never been done before and it is one of the things that most people when they are starting in Shimon, when they learn in Shimon they want an actual structure and class to actually doing this manifesting.

I hope you guys enjoyed the last four days of four parts and I mean, we finished around 12 30 a.m. Last night. Were you guys there? Yeah, you guys there? Yeah, crazy, right? Well, it's 3 a.m. All right. Wow.

Okay. Thank you so much. Wow.

Let me just see some names here. So many names here. Now, I actually could see you guys because I requested for the guys to actually set up the meeting in such a way.

Let me just bring one together with you. All right. Let's see who's here.

Wilson Ang, Trish Lim. Hello. May, LM Tan Liming, Andres, Valerie.

Hello, Kimberly. Right, Karina Lau. Hello, Karen, Wendy, Wendy Thayer.

Right. Hello. Thank you so much, guys.

Wendy Chow, Anna Lu, Yucheng. Hello, Hazel. Right, Siu Hock, Tony, Maima.

Thank you so much for joining me. Now, let me explain how this works. So, you know, one of the biggest, ST, of course, ST who has been helping so much voluntarily in the group.

I just want to acknowledge her. Thank you so much, ST. You have been very helpful to all the beginners as well. I get a lot of good comments and very good karma.

I'm very sure it will return to you tenfold. Now, many people have asked me this, right? How can I help someone who is, how do I do treatment for somebody else? Don't you guys have this question? Right, because I could do it for myself, but then it's very hard for me to do it for somebody else. Correct? Right? So, then I thought about it and over the years, as you know, I've been doing treatment for a long, long time.

And I started teaching treatment in 2012. And over the course of so many years, I realized that, yeah, besides teaching them, right? I've been teaching treatment. One of the things that have been very effective is called a host and guest.

Now, as you study treatment, you'll come across this term. Called host and guest. Right? So, if you look at forecasting, treatment forecasting, now, I know some of you are very new to treatment, which you will eventually learn this.

It's called treatment forecasting. So, forecasting, I believe from module six onwards in treatment academy, you'll be exposed to what this is. So, basically what treatment forecasting is, you plot a treatment chart.

And then based on that treatment chart, you can give advisory strategy and consults to whoever is asking questions. Have you seen me done this live before? Any of you seen me done this live, Rogers? Yeah. Okay.

It's quite interesting, isn't it? Right? Okay. So, that's called treatment forecasting. There's always a host.

Now, and over the years, I realized that wherever the client is in the world, and they are on a different time zone, but as long as I'm hosting the forecasting, I will always use my local treatment chart. And I believe I've taught this to all the students as well. Some of you guys are already in treatment academy.

Some of you are in even treatment club. How many of you also did this? You host your own chart and then your son, your daughter, your friend is in a different time zone, yet everything is correct still based on the chart that you are using in your own time zone. Can you just type the answer here in the chat so everyone can see this or give a thumbs up? Right.

So, yeah. Yeah. So, you've done that before, right? So, it's good, right? So, and over time, then I realized that when I was doing some simple advice on manifesting, right? I also have been using my local chart.

So, I said, okay, now this is the direction wherever you are in your world. You're doing the meeting right now because I'm hosting the chart. I turned down.

You sit this direction because my client doesn't know the treatment, right? But I know the treatment. So, I said, okay, you back this direction right now in this turn and do this, right? And then he did it and then they get good results. So, then I realized that it can also be done for strategic execution and manifesting.

So, that's why today I want to host this at 9 a.m. to, I mean, the time is 9 a.m. the sneak hour because this is a very, very, very special hour for one of the protocols which I will be sharing and you guys will be learning in the Achievement Manifesting Academy called Protection. And so, I realized, I know for sure that you guys are in different time zones, right? You guys are all in different time zones right now. So, you all have a different achievement chart.

But because I'm hosting this manifesting, you would be now tuned into me as I'm the host. You'll be using my chart right now. Okay, because time dimension is not linear.

You know, I told you the story that in a book, right? Time is kind of like a book. The starting chapter and the ending chapters all in the same is in the now, right now. It's a question of which page you're looking at.

Okay, so right now I'm the host and I'm going to host you on my achievement chart and you're going to use the protection protocol and all you have to do is participate in it. Okay, so Kimberley said you will protect yourself. Well, you guys will protect yourselves.

I will show you how you can do this. And I think a lot of us need this, right? A lot of us need this. You want to protect it from, I mean, all the crazy things that are happening around the world right now.

It's a lot of volatility and this Crimson Horse is coming, right, and a lot of us, I think, need at least some safety and stability, right? Do you need that? How many of you need that? Type of one. Yeah, okay. So I think it's good.

Now, protection protocol, there are a few ways. What do you need to protect? I think the first thing you need to protect, Catherine, Celine, right, mainly our own energy from being, you know, contaminated, firstly. I mean, we don't want to take anything from anyone, but we also should not allow our own energy to be taken by others.

Would you guys agree? Yeah, we will never harm anyone, but we should not allow anyone to harm us too, especially if we are consultants. When we are consultants, sometimes when we help other people, have you ever felt super drained after talking to someone? Yeah, you're so tired, right, and then you don't, and you have, yeah, you're not asleep, right? It's just that, yeah. So, yeah, especially when you give a presentation and then you feel super drained.

You see, after an event, right, when I do, if I did it correctly in big events, have you seen my big events before, like 14,000 people, I feel energized, right? Because there's energy in the room. But if you go, sometimes I give a talk to eight people in a meeting room and I feel totally drained. Because there's some people out in that sort of meetings that are just, yeah, they're energy vampires, right? They just drain you.

And maybe not intentionally, but they are like that. And over the last one year or so, I've seen this before. So many people tell me, hey, you know, I've received a gift from a stranger.

I thought it was really nice, a nice gesture, and I received it, and ever since then, I got bad luck. I thought, are you sure? Then I received this, I received this item, and then they say they belong to their family, and I took it, and then after that, I got bad luck. Have you heard of this before? Right? So apparently, there are methods in metaphysics, and guys, I do not practice this at all, but I need to know about it, yeah, that some bad luck people can transfer some of their bad luck to other people just by giving it as a gift.

Have you heard of this? Apparently, there are other cultures that have it too. Old clothes, for example, right, throwing away is not going to work because you already accepted the gift. Okay, you accepted the gift, right? Yeah, so that prompted me to actually do this protection thing, right? So protection is important.

So you always have this protection. It doesn't matter who can give you any gift. They're not going to be able to take anything away from you.

They will not be able to transfer any bad luck to you as well. Okay, this is self-defense in the ultimate level. All right, so we're going to do this.

That's why I think it's important that we do this today and also at the beginning of your achievement journey, right? Because you guys are going to help so many people, right? And also, you want to have this protection extend to around your house so that anyone who lives with you are equally protected. Would that be good for you? Yeah, don't you want that? So now, although you can't directly protect someone and cast achievement energy for them, but because you are nearby, it's kind of like a Wi-Fi extending. Whoever is nearby, they also have the protection.

Would that be good? Yeah, okay. And if they're also listening to, in future when you're doing this protocol for other people who are listening, just have to listen and you can follow your time zone and they will also be protected. Wouldn't that be cool, right? Is this what you have been looking for all this while, right? Okay, so let me first show you the chart why I'm using this chart, why it's important that you guys follow this period of time, okay? So now, first the day chart, okay? This is today's day chart and I will be using the Southwest sector, okay? I'll be using the Southwest sector.

Now, there are two ways to use this. You can be in the Southwest or you can be backing the Southwest, either way, okay? The technicalities of why it is like that, basically it's called a focus point, all right? So you got to be somewhere where the signal can be sent to you. That's why we have to designate an area, right? Even if you say, I want to launch a missile, you tell them, okay, I want to launch the missile to that spot, okay? So now, if you look at this, I'm particularly using the death door to end something.

Death doors are not bad. They're very good in manifesting, very useful. End bad luck, for example, correct? Isn't that what we want? We want to end something.

We always use death door. Remember cleansing on October 23rd? Did you guys use, did you all follow that, the cleansing? All right, you felt good because I used the death door. Okay, death door is useful for ending bad shit.

All right, just remember this. We all have bad shit once in a while. Hopefully not for too long, but now you know this, you know the secret to ending it, all right? You can end this shit using death door.

So I like this death door, all right? And because I'm doing one to many right now, one to many means I'm helping a lot of people at the same time. I mean, there's so many of you, like almost 500 of you right now. So harmony is important.

Harmony means that you learn achievement translates to many. Harmony means many. Okay, harmony means many.

You will learn this achievement eventually. It's so you know, okay? Now, take note that this is the well hexagram, which obviously belongs to the red phoenix, the seven constellations. I like to call it the order of the phoenix, the order of the dragon, the order of the white tiger.

There are seven constellations together, okay? So this is the day chart. Now, watch this, guys. Watch this, okay? So I'm going to overlap this.

I'm going to overlap this with achievement of the day, of the hour, okay? So this is my current hour where I'm sitting, okay? Where I am in right now, at this moment, guys. So you will notice that this is a level 5 chief. Level 5 is growth.

Level 5 is growth, okay? Or anything to do with self-development, self-improvement, self-realization, anything to do with awakening, enlightenment, it always is level 5. Not always level 7 is the best, guys. Level 7 is transcendent. It's so level, right? So it's like, you know, sometimes it's too high up.

You got to be a little bit more practical, okay? Now, so we have this and we're going to use the destructor. Why destructor? I mean, I'm pretty sure most of you, half of you have missed the protocols, the actual protocols last night, right? Because I look back at the text, the channel. Oh, I missed this.

I missed that. Okay, for all protection protocols, there are many protocols, but the easy ones is I group them under destructor. Destructor is used to break spells.

Remember the best defense is offense. Do you remember that, right? If anyone tries to put a hex on you or send you negative energy, this is the right formation to send it back plus interest. How many of you would like to do that? Just to send it back.

You're not going to cause harm. You're just going to send it back. Okay, you're going to send back the negative thoughts that they send you, the negative intentions that they send you, the whatever, envy, resentment, right? Drama, right? Send back the drama to them, right? Give it back to them.

This is, you're not going to attack. You're just going to send it back. Right? So what if I want to remove a hex? This, but not get back to the person.

Yeah, this is the way to do it. You don't, you send it back, Kelvin. Okay, hex or curse or whatever, even if you don't know who the sender is.

Does not matter. You're going to ask this to be returned. They will have no choice but to accept it back.

Okay, any of you need to use any of this today? Have a meeting right here. Any of you needed this? Yeah, I guess this is the right place, right time, isn't it? It's interesting that Qi Men is always bringing the right people together. You guys are here for a reason.

Okay, so send it back to them. In a short while, you're going to do exactly that. Okay, so you have delusion door to protect yourself today.

Delusion door, you're going to hide yourself from any future attacks. Very powerful. Okay, and look at this absolute support.

It is absolute. And more importantly, you are again in the Phoenix formation. Basically, have you guys watched this Game of Thrones? Have you guys watched Game of Thrones? Yeah, no, you're not watching it at all.

Yeah. All right. How does it feel when Daenerys do the Dracarys on all the enemies? It feels great.

That's exactly what you guys are going to do. You're going to burn these enemies and then, yeah, Dracarys you're going to do that to all these negative energies once and for all. That's why you have the fire phoenix.

Okay. All right. So you're going to send a Jaco.

You're going to send it all back. Send it all back. Okay.

Now, how many times do you need to do this? I don't know how strong the negative energy is. You probably get 50% of it off from you. At least if it's extremely strong.

If it's a light matter, you probably feel 100% after this. It depends. I don't know how many years you have been suffering from whatever negative energy.

Okay, it depends. Well, you will be learning how to do this anyway. So eventually, just do it whenever you need it, right? And when the time comes, you guys cool with that? Yeah.

All right. So that is how we use achievement charts. Yes.

Can we do this on any day? Yeah, Qi is asking this question. No, you can't do it on times without the protocol. You understand? The protocol means you have the right chart.

When the right chart appears. Yeah, so it's not the chart doesn't always appear, right? But yeah, every chart has not every single day, but you know, some days will have more potential for say protocol number five or protocol number eight. Some days are not so good.

Then you just do other things, right? It's not like every single day. You're not like, oh, I'm going to do this and do that. So that's why you follow the timing like cleansing, right? It's not that I don't want to give you a different date.

It's that the best dates are not available. So, you know, people say, why can't you just give me another cleansing day? It's not like I generate this out of thin air, you know, you gotta wait for the time to come, right? So when you guys learn this, I believe you will be able to help a lot more people out there. Okay.

All right. Are you guys ready for this? Yeah. Okay.

So in order to make this super smooth, right? I've recorded the entire instructions. I'm going to play that. Then you go into your Sage mode.

And then after that, I'll come back and do a debrief with you guys. How about that? Okay. Are you guys okay? Give me a thumbs up, right? Right.

Okay. So this is what I want you to do. Can you find the southwest area of your home? That's first choice and you want to move to that area.

Or if not, if you cannot find the southwest area, I'll give you the other option. You could back the southwest. Right.

Back the southwest. Just turn your chair to back the southwest. Now, do this as I'm talking to you.

Right? You back the southwest. I believe you have a freaking compass you can use, you know, right? If I don't know where south is, that shouldn't stop you today, right? You have a compass. Find the southwest.

Backing southwest. Okay. Now, if you would like to clear, protect yourself from the soul level, which you believe that you have been, you've been hexed, you've been, uh, black magic voodoo or whatever.

Okay. For that, you will have to go to the southwest area of your room. The area of your room.

So you stand in the middle and find where the southwest area is. And then I want you to find your soul palace direction. The soul palace.

Now, you will be able to see this on your Qiman natal chart. If you believe or you feel like that you have been hexed or jinxed or someone did something bad to you. You for sure know that.

If you want a generic protection, backing southwest is good enough. If you feel that, right? Not sure you want to be safe, then go and find the southwest area of your room or your house and look for the soul palace direction. Got it? So use the soul because now you're sending the protection into the soul.

So Tiffany, the soul is in the east palace. So you go to the south area of your room or your house and then in that southwest area back to the east for Tiffany. Okay, some of you are, it's convenient because your soul palace is also in your southwest.

Then it's a super convenient. Okay, obviously you cannot do this while you're driving. So, uh, nevermind.

You gotta wait for the next protection, uh, protocol. All right. All right.

So Maima says I'm in the southwest of my house in the southwest area of my room backing southwest. What are the odds? Wow. I think you're meant to hear this then.

You know, sometimes it's like that. Do you guys believe in divine grace that happens to us? Right? You're here for some reason you needed to hear this, right? Yeah, divine intervention somehow, right? Okay. So are you guys ready? If you're ready type of one, right? So if you just want generic protection, just backing southwest is good enough wherever you are.

Okay, if you're in the northwest palace of the house, it does not matter. Just back to southwest. All right, so the generic all you anyone can use is backing southwest right now.

If you want to be even if you're in the office, you can back southwest. You can go to the toilet. If you think someone is bothering and back southwest, I don't doesn't matter.

Do whatever it is. You can stand and do this. Yeah, you don't have to move.

But the toilet bowl cannot move. I know the toilet bowl cannot move but you can move, you know. Gargan is like what the hell, right? All right, you get used to my style of teaching.

Yeah, don't worry. Just back southwest. Yeah, just go to the cubicle and back southwest for some reason.

Okay, you guys ready? You guys ready? Then I'm going to start. Ready? Ready? Okay. So turn off your your I'm going to turn off my screen and you're going to I'm going to you guys going to hear my voice and I'm going to come back after we finish this whole session.

You guys ready? All right, let's begin. Just hold on a second guys. I'm setting it up for a while.

Just hold on. We're coming. Just find the southwest now.

Find the southwest. It'll be up in less than a minute. Okay, guys, if you're ready, we can begin our achievement protection ritual.

Now, just a quick reminder. You could be in the southwest zone or area of your room or your house. That area or zone in the southwest area right now has the correct combinations for this protocol.

Now, there are two choices here. You could be backing southwest to be utilizing this formation or you could be specifically backing the soul Palace. Where you could use these energies to form a protection ritual.

So there are two choices here be in the southwest zone backing southwest or be in the southwest zone backing your soul Palace direction. Okay, all right. This is where the level 5 chief stands guard.

So we're going to be using that together with the wing constellation that will be expanding your vast shield of light. And of course, we have the destructor star here that is perfect for this protocol today. Okay, you ready? Sit down, relax.

Don't lie down. Sit down, relax. Breathe slowly.

Counting down. From 8 to 0. And know that right now is the sacred hour. That you will be entering and activating the field of divine protection.

3 2 1 I take one breath to arrive. Another to command. And another to seal my field in Divine Authority.

I call upon the level 5 chief deity. To activate all realms. And celestial defense.

I command the chief deity. To connect with the wing constellation. Extending its vast shield of light.

Activating the field of protection around me. And with the destructor star. I shall awaken.

The protective energies to repel all harm and dissolve all evil. I command the level 5 chief to form a radiant dome of safety. To repel harm.

And to dissolve negative forces before they reach me. Breathe in. Feel the light expanding.

Expanding and protecting around you. Exhale slowly. I sense the ground beneath me anchoring my strength.

I see the divine light descend from heaven through my crown. And the breath of earth rises through my body. They meet in the center of my heart.

And from this sacred point, the shield of heaven, the divine begins to form. It expands outwards in every direction. A luminous sphere of gold and silver light.

Spinning warmly with quiet force. With every breath. It feeds it with power.

Every exhale reinforces its walls. This barrier does not isolate me from life. It harmonizes me with life.

It filters what is harmful. Allowing only truth, light and grace to enter my life. Breathe in strength and safety.

Exhale all worries and anxiety. I command the chief to awaken the wing constellation. Forming a celestial guardian whose vast wings extend across the heavens.

I call upon these powerful wings of protection to unfold around me. To shelter my energy, my mind, my heart and my body. Let these wings become a shield of radiant feathers.

Each feather, a blade of divine light. Let them guard me from harm, from visible dangers and unseen malice. From envy, jealousy, from deceit, from betrayal.

Breathe in and feel these magical wings expanding. Exhale and feel peace. I'm now surrounded by the wings embrace.

Nothing negative can pierce this field. Every harmful intention, every toxic emotion. Every whisper of ill will that approaches me is caught by these wings.

By these celestial wings and dissolve into harmless light. I use the protocol for protection. I connect to the destructive star, commanding it to ignite.

Let its blazing energy rise within this shield. Repelling and reversing and nullifying all evil and corruption. Breathe in deeply.

Exhale through the mouth. And imagine a radiant divine fire igniting around you. The destructive star burns through falsehood.

It shatters curses, envy and projections send my way. It disarms those who wish harm, returning their energy back to its origin. Purify, neutralize, unable to harm another.

Every attack becomes fuel for my growth. Every shadow sent toward me becomes light in my field. I command all negative energies seen or unseen, known or unknown to return to your sender.

Cleansed of poison, stripped of power so that only truth remains. Breathe in strength. Exhale authority.

The destructive star now energizes, creating a vortex of divine justice. Swift, precise and complete. Now I command the level five chief to seal this protection in four realms.

Spiritually, mentally, emotionally and physically. Spiritually, my energy remains clear and untangled. I walk unshadowed, guided by light.

Mentally, my thoughts stay sharp, unclouded by fear or illusion. No manipulation, confusion or malice can infiltrate my mind. Emotionally, I remain calm and grounded.

No projection or negativity can disturb my peace. Physically, I am protected from accidents, harm or danger. My path is guarded, my steps divinely directed.

Breathe in protection. Exhale certainty. The fortress of light expands beyond my immediate space, extending to my home, my family, my work, my travels.

And this divine field remains active even when I am underwear, even when I am resting, even when I forgot to protect myself. The chief deity commands the protection endures. The wing shields and the destructor repels.

I am safe, always safe. I once again command the forces of the destructor star to identify and return all malice, jealousy and deceit sent toward me. Let them travel back through their path of origin, transformed into awareness, purified by divine fire.

Breathe in. Exhale slowly. Imagine energy leaving your field.

No harm can remain within my orbit. No curse can hold. No shadow can linger.

The energy that once sought to harm me now becomes a mirror of truth, teaching those who sent it to choose light instead of darkness. In this, divine justice is complete. And now, the air and the energy around me begins to hum softly.

It is the vibration of the wing constellation in motion, its feathers brushing against the ether, singing a song of safety and protection. I hear its rhythm, the sound of protection. It is steady, patient and eternal.

Breathe in serenity. Exhale gratitude. This sound reminds me that I am never alone.

Even in moments when I am unaware, the chief's light watches over me. The wing constellation continues to shield me, and the destructor shall stand guard for me. I am protected while I sleep.

I am protected while I travel. I am protected while I speak, act and dream. And I am protected even in silence.

I thank my ancestors for their unseen protection, my teachers for their light, and my loved ones whose prayers strengthen my field. And I thank myself for standing in faith, for claiming my authority, for knowing that I am worthy of safety. Breathe in gratitude.

Exhale peace. Each act of gratitude now fortifies my shield. Every thank you adds another layer of light.

And once again, I align with the protection protocol for the stability, grounding and guardianship that is now activated. The field settles, strong, luminous, complete. The divine wings fold gently but remain alert.

The destructor star continues its quiet orbit, repelling all that would disturb my peace. Breathe in confidence. And exhale calm.

I stand protected in every realm. My steps are guarded, my heart is secure, my spirit is untouchable. And I now return to my world, surrounded by divine armor, anchored in peace, empowered by the achievement forces I have activated.

I am safe. I am secure. I am sovereign.

Breathe in light. Exhale completion. And now the protection is sealed.

Open your eyes. How do you guys feel? Yeah? Cool? Type of one if you guys feel good. Nice, nice.

I think at least 98% of you would have received the energies. Now, did you know if you're on a different time zone, you're on a different time zone that is different than mine right now, there's an extra benefit. Because you know what? When your actual time comes in to 9, between 9 to 11am, you can actually listen to this again.

Okay, if you're on a different time zone. So you can do it twice. Most of you would have already done it once and got the benefit, so you don't need a second time for it.

So for those of you who, some of you might have a slightly stronger energy. Now, some of you are asking, will it be in a library? There's no point being in a library. As you will learn in Qiman, the moment you miss the time, you miss the time.

The whole process is no use to you. You understand what I mean? You got to actually follow the timing. Yeah? So if you're a different time zone, you're in the United States right now, what you have just done is you have used, I'm the host, right? I hosted you.

So you're using my time zone and you get the experience. But guess what? When in your own time zone, you can have the replay again, and then you play it again at your own time, you get the second time cleansing. Okay? For those of us who are not, who are on a different time zone, the replay will not work.

It can work, but it will not have the same effect. You understand what I mean? All right? Yeah, so 9 to 11am at your October 31st. Okay? So that's, yeah.

Now, one more thing here. Some of you might experience what we call obstructions. Not a lot.

A few of you guys like, Oh, you know, I cannot hear, the internet broke, right? Or something happened. And if you're doing this for other people as well, sometimes there's a lot of obstructions. The reason for that is because the negative energy is way stronger than what we are trying to do.

Right? So you will get obstructions. Guess what? Keep doing it. One day, you will have no obstructions.

All right? Maybe the hex is stronger. I don't know, right? It will take a bit of time. But for those of you who've done it easily, it's meant for you.

Okay? It's meant for you. Right place, right time. Okay? So, don't analyze anything like, Oh, you know, I felt sleepy.

I felt what? I felt what? It doesn't matter, right? Just all you have to do is feel relaxed. Okay? Yeah. Your dog came and sat with you.

Yeah. See? Energy is good. Yeah.

You will feel it. Okay? Now, I want to, just one more last thing before I go here, right? So you see, for those who are learning Qi Men, who are in Qi Men Mastery Circle, for those of you, how to select a good time, right? Watch, yeah, you see? Just so you know. Anyway, you'll learn this eventually.

It may take some time. This represents the person doing the manifesting. This is the outcome, which is protection and clearing off the evil, blocking off the negative energies, and destroying, sending it back to sender.

So this is here. And you see that? So the self, this is the self element, counters this, whichever you want to send back, and you send it all into emptiness. See, this represents the darkness, the evil, whoever is trying to send you negative energies, or if you caught some negative energies along the way, right? Put them in fear, send them away.

You see how the Qi Men chart works? Okay? Because this is water, water element box. This is water. This is earth.

Okay? Earth counters water. Simple. Okay? I hope you guys enjoyed this session.

Tell others about it. If you would like another session, that's possible, I can do one more. Just to get you guys started on the right track.

Okay? I'll try. Would you like one? Yeah? I'll try, alright? Let us know. Can you do me a favor? Let the other people know as well, how you guys felt on the telegram, or on Facebook, you experienced this protocol yourself.

Alright? Just send out the good vibes. Help more people. Okay? Tell them to join the Qi Men Manifesting Academy too.

Alright? Thank you so much guys. And have a great week. Don't be unhappy Can't remember when I saw you laughing This world makes you crazy And you've taken all you can bear Just call me up Cause I will always be there And I see your true color Shining through I see your true colors And that's why I love you So don't be afraid To let them show Your true colors True colors are beautiful I see your true colors Shining through I see your true colors And that's why I love you So don't be afraid To let them show Your true colors True colors are beautiful Like a rainbow Oh, like a rainbow