Doors. This is the door. See here? The central bottom. 

These are all the eight doors. Every day is a different position. So these govern actions. 

This is what we are going to look at. These eight doors. And finally, you have the people realm. 

These are all the people about results. It's about matter, subjects, things. We're going to talk about that in a different time, okay? So this ring here, where you say earth ring, right? The earth plate, which is all the eight doors. 

We superimpose the eight doors over our natal charts. Now, we don't have to superimpose everything. We just have to look at what goes into certain sectors like our destiny palace, and or maybe our karmic palace, and or certain other palaces like wealth and career, when we want to use the information. 

Got it now? I hope that's clearer now, okay? All right. So the day charts, again, the day charts are here. I will send some to you for practice. 

Some you can obtain from the tongshu. Some you can obtain from the daily desktop calendar. Or my recommendation, the achievement manifesting planner. 

We're going to talk about where to get this at the end of our training, okay? This has all the day charts and exactly as the documents that you've been getting. Or you can do your own, okay? Whichever. Some people want to save money, but they have a shit loads of time. 

Please do it on your own. It's still possible. It just takes a long time, okay? But you can get the shortcuts either way, okay? So now, what happens is you're going to look at this page here, okay? This page here is the example page of the current date, okay? This is the current date and time. 

So currently, this is the day chart that we're in. See the day chart? And it has all the currently. So depending on which of these doors that you will be using, now there are eight doors.

I'm going to highlight all the eight doors. These are eight doors. Every day, these eight doors will be in a different position. 

And they obviously will be with different deities, different stars, and different stems at the same time. That gives it its different flavor. But these eight doors would be overlapping one of your palaces. 

So it could be a destiny palace, it could be your relationship, wellness palace, or family, whatever, right? So this part where it says alignment, in your notes here, in your document, you're going to write down which door is the focus door for this particular manifesting, or this particular action. Which door, okay? Now for those of you who don't know which one to write, just choose the one that is inside your destiny palace. Which is your destiny palace, by the way? Is it in the east? Is it in the west? What's the original destiny palace? Then you look here, for example, in this example, the rest door, for example, this is just a random example, the rest door is in the east, and so if your destiny palace is in the east, then you write the alignment rest door, okay? And then all the attributes related to the rest door. 

So because the doors represent activities, then it brings forth, it suggests to you what type of activity you can pursue that gets the best result for this day. Now, I will go through the eight doors to give you some keywords. Again, this is not the extensive training. 

There will be an opportunity for you to pursue the extensive training, specifically for manifesting, that I will deep dive into the applications of these eight doors, but for now, I will give you enough information for you to apply, okay? Because you're going to get started anyway, okay? So I'm going to do all this introduction all for free anyway, give you an idea. Now, open door, let's talk about the first one, open door. Open door is great for rebirth, growth, opportunities, and new beginnings. 

So we always take action and actions related to opportunities, new beginning, right? Starting fresh, resetting, always with open door. Anytime you want to overcome challenges, we use open door. That's what we're going to do. 

Anytime you want to increase an opportunity for something, we use open door, but we can't use this if we don't have a plan. This can only 10x something when you're actually having an actual plan. So that's why people manifest the wrong thing because you use open door when they actually don't have, we haven't done enough cleansing yet. 

They haven't removed the previous problem, so you 10x the old problem. So open door is not for everybody, okay? It's not for everybody. So it's not, you don't want your achievement to backfire. 

Study the doors carefully first. Rest door is great for, as the name implies, resting, rejuvenation, enabling help because resting means easy. Easy means someone is helping you. 

Someone is giving you a shortcut. That's what rest door is. It's great for healing as well, okay? So whenever you're doing healing, you're going to use this door. 

That activity shows this. So you know what to do. Live door is great for profits. 

It's great for developing something. It's great for advancement. It's great for the increment. 

It's something related to betterment of something. You want to better something, improve lives, for example, lifestyle or profit, gain something, make money from something. Life door, okay? A business activity is life door. 

A life door, it's not so great when you don't have a strategy. Then using life door means more work. And more work without getting a result equals frustration. 

So it's not always good. It depends on the first part where your intent is correct. So if you need more training on intent, let my team know. 

They put you on the list where when we have more training on this, we'll let you know, okay? Guys, is it possible you just put down a scroll at the bottom to show them where to contact? I think it's actually easier because I see some here, they say we flash the details too fast. Or it means it's somewhere where you put it up. Because I can't see the screen. 

It's actually green screen here. So I'm only looking at what I see here, okay? All right guys, just so you know. So right now, I'm introducing you guys to how you can do it yourself. 

And for some of you, you might want to deep dive, right? For some of you, you want to go deeper because you've been doing this for some time. You want more results. Basically, you want to be able to succeed. 

Let the team know. They'll put you on the list. And when we're ready, we'll let you know, okay? We don't have it yet. 

We will have it eventually. So let them know, okay? So again, before you have the preconceived idea that everything is going to cost a lot and all that, I just want to, it's not because it's my program or anything, it is any program in this world. Anything you want to study in this world, if whatever you're studying is going to 10x or even 1x or 2x, whatever you're trying to achieve, you always look at it as an investment, okay? Now, I'm not saying that because it's my program.

I'm saying this for anything you want to learn in life. How many of you agree with me type of one? Okay? Raising the funds to get somewhere, anywhere, not my education, okay? Any education out there. You've got to see that as something that allows you to get the key to open up doors of opportunities.

Because if you don't go through this step, you don't feed yourself, there is no way you can get to the next level in your life, even to be a better parent, right? You say, my kids don't listen to me. Maybe you're not that good as a parent, right? Or my husband listens to me. Maybe you're not that good as a convincing wife, right? Oh, but he's supposed to listen to me. 

There's no such thing as supposed to, right? You've got to be either influential or not. So, a lot of things can be learned. The thing is, think of this as a way to get there, okay? So, it's not just on my course, yeah? I'm not saying it because I'm doing something like that. 

I'm saying this for everything. You have to have set aside that, okay, you want to improve yourself, you're going to manifest the funds or find a way to add value to get it so you get to the next level, and you keep doing it every single year. And every single year, you become a better human being to society, to your family, to your friends, for your career. 

You become a good addition to this world, not just you exist and then drain resources, right? You don't want to be that person that, ah, you know, whether that this is around or not doesn't really make a difference. In fact, it shouldn't be around because it's supposed to be even annoying, right? Don't do that, right? Okay. So, put your names down in case you guys would like, when it's ready, I'll let you know. 

And then the scenery dorm. Scenery dorm, it's basically to enhance. Think of it as an enhancement dorm, okay? To scenery equals beautifying. 

To beautify something. Beautifying a room, beautifying a house, beautifying your career, your reputation. How do you beautify your career? Your reputation, your status, or status if you call it, right? Improves, your credibility improves, your recognition improves, that enhances the appearance of your position and power.

So, it's good for that. So, having achievements is one thing, but having achievements that people know about, that's where you build credibility and trust, okay? You say, yeah, but I don't need people to know. Listen, don't be a cynic, all right? There are times when you actually need people to know about it. 

Like getting clients, for example. You're good, but nobody knows. You're not going to get the client, and the whole idea is to get the client in the first place, to be able to serve more, and you couldn't because your ego is in the way, then you might need scenery dorm for this, right? No, but I'm low profile, I'm a humble person, okay? Listen, you can be humble at certain times, but certain times you can be, you know, you don't have to shout out your credentials, but you want people to know in a good way, okay? With integrity. 

So, it promotes success, it speeds things up, write this down, okay? That action speeds things up. So, if you see the scenery dorm, your action is, all right, let's promote, let's do things faster, and be open for success. Now, delusion dorm. 

Delusion dorm, in terms of activities, it means I close the door, and behind the scenes I'm preparing, okay? So, while there's one interpretation, it means blockages, but blockages only applies to forecasting, it does not apply to manifesting, and manifesting means I don't want distractions. I'm cutting out distractions, I want to block interference, I want to block harm. This is the door of protection, by the way, when you're doing manifesting for protection, and manifesting an aura or shield, we use door of delusion, okay? There's a structure for this in the deep dive manifesting training.

Delusion is the key. So, it blocks you away from harm, it puts you in a safe space, sacred spaces are created by door of delusion. First of all, you can't really find sacred spaces, right? Because it's door of delusion. 

It's kind of like you're in a different dimension, all right? That's why it's so important. Next is door of harm. Now, door of harm, there's difference between this and forecasting. 

Forecasting is pain and all that, obstacles and shit, okay? But in manifesting, it's not, okay? Manifesting using harm door generally relates to the ability to conquer pain. So, pain is inevitable, it's just like stress, okay? Everything that you want, there's a challenge to get, there's resistance. The harm door is called resistance. 

To get to your six packs, there is a huge load of harm door there, resistance, okay? To get to the next level, manager, general manager, there's also resistance, right? To get to good health, there's also resistance. The day you decide that I will conquer this pain is the day you use harm door. Harm door is the pain of discipline, better than pain of regret, right? So, harm door is basically the ability to go for training, it's a door of training. 

So, when you see harm door, the activity means I train, I practice, right? I do. I take effort in repeating something so I become great at it. So, here's my suggestion like that, you know, the price to pay for success in most things is the price to be willing to be embarrassed at first. 

A lot of people don't even pay the price to be embarrassed, right? They're so scared. Public speaking is one. In order to be great at public speaking, first you need to pay the price of feeling embarrassed, right? Just stand on the stage and make a fool out of yourself, especially the first 10 times maybe, and at some point you realize, okay, I've conquered this pain, I now know how to do it well. 

The pain of paying the price for first being embarrassed, harm door. Harm door is overcoming pain. That's why harm door is also the door of surgery. 

You think you go for that surgery, it's painless, there's going to be some pain, but after that what do you get? You get cured, okay? So, harm door is that. It tackles obstacles and hardships head-on, okay? That's what it is. Now, in advanced level Qimen, under strategic execution, harm door is to inflict revenge on your enemies because pain can go both ways. 

But again, we're not going to talk about that now. You're not going to learn Qimen to harm others, okay? I'm not teaching that stuff. So, I'm talking about handling your own pain, yes.

Now, what is fear door? Fear door, it sounds fearful, right? Okay. So, fear door represents the internal battle. While harm door is the external pain, fear door is the internal drama, okay? The internal drama. 

So, when you're tackling anxiety, when you're tackling doubt, when you're tackling worries, all this is the internal thing that you need to overcome. Temptations, for example. Internal drama, emotional roller coaster, it's all fear door.

So, the idea of fear door is to be used to handle the internal drama, harm door, external physical discipline. Two different things, okay? So, when you see fear door, what is the best to handle? Fear is imagination that has gone wild. That's the fear. 

So, you're tackling inwards. Harm door is go through the surgery, go through the discipline, do the things that other people are not willing to do physically to get the outcome. Fear door is handle internal drama. 

You have to face the inner demons, okay? The doubts, the stress, all right? Various frustrations, that's fear door need to handle that, okay? Now, lastly is death door. So, what is death door? Death means end of the road. It means that it is time to let go. 

It's the best door to use when you need to let go and end something. Some things you need to end in order to start something new, okay? Some things you need to say, you know what, I need to detach from this in order to get to the next level. That is the death door, okay? Great to give up something to move on to the next. 

Detachment is door of death, okay? So, it's not death death per se. Now, you know, okay? So, what happens is now you want to see in your document which door has entered your destiny sector. So, you can use that or specifically this is a little bit more advanced. 

If you're talking about wealth related or career related, you can check out which door entered your career palace. If it is death door entered your career palace like this, I'm giving some advance here. See career palace in the east, career palace, right? NATO chart. 

Look at the day chart. East has death door, all right? So, on the section where you look at the part where you see alignment under the earth section, right? Death door. Action, let go or end something, okay? So, it means today what you want to manifest has to be related to letting go of something in order to succeed in your career, okay? Some things you have to let go in order to get better things to come. 

That will be part of the command which we'll talk more about in part three. Got it? Okay. Now, I'm pretty sure by now you want to learn more about the eight doors, yes or no? There is a book called The Doors. 

This book here contains all the information that is related to a door in Chimendunja. All the information that you need for every single door, okay? This book retails for $147. It is a specifically written book, very limited copies that we have, but here's the thing. 

I'm going to encourage you to do your homework so that we select three winners. I will give this book to you. How many of you would like to win this copy? Win a copy, okay? Listen, I shouldn't have to be bribing you to do your homework, all right? But I'm doing it anyway. 

This is an encouragement. So, we're going to select three winners from you, from those who've done the homework well. There's an instruction for you to do the homework, and I'll teach you what to do, how to do it well. 

So, you do the homework, and then you're going to submit it to the Facebook group, okay? You're going to Facebook group, and then we're going to check it from there. We select the best winners, all right? So, this book is really good. It has all the eight doors information inside, and along with what we discussed in part one, that was the deities, this will be the other copy, all right? So, you have the deities. 

Now, I know we haven't announced it yet. We're still looking through. Some of you haven't submitted your homework, right? So, it's still a chance. 

Once we announce, then it'll be the winners, right? So, this is the eight doors book. Okay. So, now, this homework is super important because it paves the way. 

It helps you learn more about achievement, and it prepares you for the next lesson, which is part three, about writing a perfect command. So, today was aligning with that spiritual energy and also take action. Let's recap the three steps, remember? The three things. 

If you have low energy, low qi, you're going to manifest shit. Remember being in a room where someone shit, and then you smell it, but over time, you just accepted that that is the normal smell? You don't want to be like that. Don't have mediocre, low energy shit, right? So, that's why you think it's normal to be sick. 

It's not normal to be sick. It's normal to be healthy. You have to change the energy. 

It's not normal to be poor either, all right? So, once you rewire that, things will change, okay? And remember we said earlier that change is just like repositioning one match. That's all you need to really do, right? So, the second part is that the chain, remember that the invisible strings or ropes or chains that's tying you back. Remember, you don't want to be the camel that has an invisible rope that you want to cut it, right? And to do that, we use the white tiger energy or the hook energy to change it, to cut it visually, and also to replace with a positive anchoring. 

And then we talked about the third thing, which is the door that is inside that palace of destiny or the calming palace and or any of the palaces. Basically, what actions you need to take, okay? And the actions are described by the actions that related to one of the eight doors of that day, all right? So, we know now the three techniques, right? To align spiritually to the divine energies so that now our energies are right, we can then manifest the positive outcome. To do that, we're going to pave the way now for part three, which is we need to initiate the perfect command to our guardian of destiny and also the energy of the eight doors and all that.

How do we do that? Well, there's an exercise for you. You do this exercise, get ready because when the time comes on part three, I'm going to go through this exercise with you and then write the perfect command, okay? So, here you have a section on the invisible chains, right? What are my current inner beliefs that could be holding me back? And you're going to be super honest by filling up. What are the three things, okay? For some people is, I think I'm not good enough, right? I think getting married early is not good for marriage, right? All this stuff, whatever it is that you have believed and that one thing has stopped you from getting to where you want to be, okay? And the next section here is where the deities, the energies, your spiritual allies, what energies, what new ideas that you should put in to replace this old one. 

In other words, what new beliefs, superpowers, or resources that you can use. So, get the inspiration from the deities, right? Are you using the chief? Are you using nine heavens, right? So, once you replace this, like for example, here is I have everything that I need to succeed. For example, I have the advantage of experience and resilience because I've been through this shit. 

Basically, you're trying to rewrite the past, remember? What is the new thing you want to replace with the old one? And then, you want to write down here, the real goal. TRG thing means the real goal. So, the real goal is this. 

The first section, the reason why it's got these three arrows here is to go to deep levels of thinking. Now, follow this through. First, do the exercises, right? And you understand what I mean when we are doing the perfect command. 

So, the first section, let's just say, this is an example of someone right here, I want to be given more opportunities to lead projects in my work. Fine, everyone understands that, right? So, a lot of people think like that. But what's the deeper level of this? Why do you do this? Well, the deeper level is because I want to make more money.

Because that's why you need the opportunities to lead projects because ultimately you'll make more money. Cool, all right? But even that is not the real goal. Let's go one level deeper. 

One reason why you want to make money is because you want to take care of my children's education, right? Take care of children's education. Cool. Now, let's go even deeper. 

This will relate to the TRC. The TRC is the real cost because you're going to flip it around and say, all right, if you don't make the money, that means your children is not going to have a good life due to bad education or lack of a good education, therefore suffer mediocrity. Okay? So, you look at the cost. 

When you not achieve this, what is it? But even this is not detailed enough. Let's go deeper. Go deeper, right? So, what is the cost of your children's education again? Say, it's $65,000 a year. 

Probably, right? A good school. So, the reason why you're writing $65,000 here, I mean, you find the real numbers yourself, yeah? It's because now you know that the real goal is for this projects and money is $65,000. You need this deep level of analysis. 

Got it? Okay? So, can you see the thinking now? I'm using a very brief example here because I don't want to give it all away yet at this start, this point. I want you to go through this yourself. Okay? Do this exercise and of course, at the part where you're going to do the achievement command, you're going to write down what you think you're going to do to command the deity and through the actions of the doors and write this command to the best of your ability. 

Okay? So, if you can do this right and well, then you might stand a chance to win the book. Okay? You might stand a chance to win this. Okay? This is just an ethical bribe to encourage you to do your homework, right? The real benefit of this is obviously doing the homework allows you to learn this deep dive clarity thinking and by the time you do the perfect command, you learn something. 

Okay? So, download this document from this link that you see right here. Download this and do your homework and submit it. Easy. 

Got it? Now, just a quick reminder. The Golden Pass. Some of you, a lot of you guys have got it. 

How many of you are already in the Golden Pass type of one? Golden Pass? Cool. Okay. So, here's what you get. 

Clearly, Golden Pass extends the replays for five days. There is a dedicated Zoom Q&A just for you guys to get unstuck faster and so you will be there. All right? So, you will be part of the Golden Pass.

Got it? Okay. So, if you need the replays for five more days, please do this. If not, it's fine.

You're watching it live anyway, which is good. So, now, remember, do your homework and it will get you ready for our part three, which is most important, the actual commands. How do you write the most powerful commands and when you manifest, you follow the commands, it activates the achievement chart and then manifest delivers the outcome for you. 

That will be part three. Okay? So, you need to do your part now and then part three will be super easy. That's when you learn to issue not just one but multiple commands. 

How to write the commands every single time to get whatever you want from whatever you've got. Okay? That's what we're going to do. All right. 

Officially, yeah, all good. So, officially, this is the part where our training ends and the next part that will not be in our recordings will be the Q&As. All right? Now, there'll be two parts of Q&As here. 

I'm going to do some here with you guys. Yeah, you guys still here. Valerie, Eugene, Kelvin Tan. 

Yeah, type of one if you guys are still good, still energetic. Yeah, Jahui, Rajesh. Okay, cool, cool. 

So, I'm going to do as many as possible here and then for the unplugged session, we'll be on Telegram. Now, guys, can you just run that thing? I like the CNN, what do you call that, news roll? Yeah? So, that you could see the Telegram. So, Telegram is unplugged. 

Unplugged means it's chill. I can say whatever and I can say whatever here as well but I think it's easier if I just talk to you on the phone. But right now, I'm going to answer a few here and then I will answer the rest on Telegram.

Okay? Cool? Yeah. So, you have to join Telegram. Let me find a way. 

If you see one of those who don't, haven't already joined, find a way. Okay? Okay? So, for this part, I call it the FAQs because the questions are from you guys, all of you. Okay? The questions, similar, same, same but different as you say, right? But the answers are from real students, just like you guys who are in the past and I want to show you their answers to these common questions and I might give a few commentaries here and I believe this will be super helpful for all of you guys who are new here. 

Okay? And it really helps you learn Qimen and master the art. First question, is Qimen Dunjia too complicated for a beginner like me? So, I want you to look at, who's answer this? Nicholas Madagascar. Wow. 

This is Nicholas' answer. At first, Qimen felt a little complex, just like picking up a new skill. I remember not being sure if I was even using it the right way then with practice, start to play. 

Before long, it became second nature. It was exactly like learning to drive. Overwhelming the first day but automatic after a few weeks. 

And the results spoke louder than anything else. I went from almost zero to generating 700,000 in just one year. This is Nicholas. 

Cool. Nice. So, this is from one of our social media. 

I think it was YouTube, right? Can you access this so you can see it? Okay? So, yeah. This is from our people, our feedback from our community. The reason I put it here is so that, you know, sometimes you get inspired and that gives us the confidence and that could be the missing link why a lot of people are not manifesting because there's a fear, you know, it might work for you, it might work for me. 

When you get this inspiration, it's like lighting up a candle. You don't take away their light. Once your own candle is lighted, then it starts to work for you. 

Okay? Here's the other one. How can an ancient metaphysical system actually help me in modern business? Great question. This is from Lee Warner.

Sorry. Lee Warner. For me, Qimun has worked like a compass. 

It doesn't do the work for me but it gives me a clear sense of direction in business. There are always moments when I'm unsure if a customer request is worth pursuing or just distraction. So, using Qimun, I've been able to see more clearly with which opportunities are really just traps and which ones are worth stepping into because they open new doors that can't quite be a safety for wasting time, energy and resources. 

So, yes. It does work and this is one of many, many, many cases. Okay? Next one.

This is common for you guys. What if I make mistakes when using Qimun? Make mistakes. Everybody makes mistakes, right? But Wong Soo Jin from Malaysia, this is a great answer from Wong Soo Jin. 

I made plenty of mistakes when I first started so I know what it feels like. What I came to realise is that Qimun isn't about random guesswork. It's a framework. 

See what I've been telling you guys. The more I practice with it, the sharper my ability became to forecast what customers might need or where market opportunities could open up. The system gives you signals and with each application, I noticed my business decisions becoming clearer, faster and far more accurate. 

Now you know. Okay? So, here's the fourth one. This sounds too mystical. 

How do I know it really works? From Charlene Lau, Korean from Hong Kong. When I first encountered Qimun Dunjia, I realised it wasn't about superstition at all. It was a strategic tool.

For me, it works like a forecasting chart that helps me map out possible outcomes and spot potential pitfalls before I step into them. That way, I can make decisions with more confidence. I often describe it like a navigation system. 

It doesn't drive the car for me but it shows me the terrain ahead so I know when to speed up, slow down or take a different route. See? Cool. Now, I'm showing this to give you some encouragement and to see how this works because sometimes, it's for beginners. 

So many things, can or cannot. Listen. These are all real people.

The next one is from the answer. The question is, do I need to memorise hundreds of stars, deities and formulas? Stephanie Chan from Singapore will tell you the answer. When I first started, I was worried it would be overwhelming. 

Like I have to learn every single technical layer before I get anything out of it. But I quickly realised that wasn't the case. Even with the basics, I could already see where opportunities were opening up. 

Key word, guys. Even with the basics, I could see where the opportunities were opening up. So, you guys are learning the basics. 

So, use this and you will see it. Where potential risks might appear and what timing was more favourable for me, I felt a lot like learning to read traffic lights before driving on the highway. I didn't need to master everything at once but I could still move forward safely and make smarter choices. 

Stephanie, here's the next one. Next question. Do I need to know Chinese or metaphysics background to learn Qimen? From Erin Palmer, USA. 

Honestly, I had zero background in Chinese metaphysics when I started. I couldn't even pronounce half the terms but the way I learned it, everything was broken down into practical steps. I didn't need to memorise ancient texts. 

I just needed to understand how the system works as a decision-making tool. The deeper knowledge can come later but you can start applying right away without being a scholar. I hope this is all encouraging for you guys. 

Is it too time-consuming to learn if I already run a busy business? Chua LP from Malaysia. I was concerned I'd be too busy to use. Let alone Qimen, given my busy schedule and work nature, I thought I'd have to spend hours each day studying charts. 

The truth? I started small, just pulling a chart before making one or two key decisions. It takes a few minutes, not hours. Once you get used to it, it's actually a time saver because you stop wasting energy on the wrong opportunities. 

Okay? Cool. Next one. Do I need expensive tools, charts or software to start? Richard Wong from Singapore. 

When I begin, I just use simple charts and a few reference guides. Today, there are apps and digital tools that make it even easier. You don't need to invest in fancy equipment, just a willingness to practice and test it out.

There you go from Richard. Next one is, what if I invest time and money into learning Qimen but don't see results? Lorraine Rosario from USA. I made a deal with my sister in order to enrol in Qimen Academy. 

I had to make it work as I promised. I'll return the investment in me and I didn't want to waste time. What I found is that Qimen isn't about instant jackpots.

It's about consistent, smarter decisions. I started seeing small wins first, avoiding a bad deal here, saying yes to a better client. Over time, those small wins stacked up and that's how I ended up with massive results. 

Today, I fully repaid my sister and she's also now a student of Qimen herself. Lorraine Rosario. You see this? Okay? I want to give you guys the encouragement here, right? Can I apply Qimen Dunjia to multiple areas? Wealth, health, relationships.

TA Chin from Indonesia has the answer. I started using it mainly for business but I quickly realised it applies to almost anything. I've used it to decide on partnerships, travel and even personal choices. 

The beauty of Qimen is that it's not limited. It's a system for decision making and decisions touch every area of life. There you go. 

Okay? This is the next question. How is different from astrology, tarot or other forecasting divination systems? Mali Sombath from Thailand. I've dabbled in tarot, astrology and similar systems and the big difference between Qimen and the rest is practicality. 

Qimen doesn't give you a vague this month looks good. It shows you specific directions, actions and timings. It's less about personality traits and more about strategy. 

For me, that makes it way more actionable and the forecasting leaves little space for ambiguity and highly accurate too. There you go. Okay? These are all from real people guys. 

That's why I want you guys to look at this and get some inspiration. Alright? Next one. Does Qimen help me when I'm stuck choosing between two equally good options? Sean Sia from Malaysia. 

I studied most forms of Chinese metaphysics, feng shui, date selection just to name a few. What I found most useful about Qimen is when you have to choose between two good options. When both options look great on paper, Qimen shows me the hidden pitfalls, the option that looks shiny but has a trap versus the one that has long lasting growth. 

It's like flipping the coin and then being able to see what's on the other side before you choose. Okay? Alright? So that's some of the common questions and these are answers I believe will help inspire you to be confident about learning. The reason I'm showing you this is, remember I told you about you must first know that your effort is worth it? So this is for that reason. 

I want you to see that it's worth your time doing this. Otherwise you will give up at part three and then you don't even get to see the results. I want you to see this through, that these good results will happen for you as well. 

So stay in there, right? Hang in there, you get there. Okay? Alright, so what we're going to do now is we're going to end our session but for those of you who are still energetic and you would like to have another unplugged session with me, I will be on telegram. Just give me about 10 minutes. 

I'm going to grab a drink. The guy's going to close up here and then I'll just be on the phone and I'll be talking to you guys and answering some questions and all that. Okay, I can see the questions here. 

Put the questions in telegram so it's easier for me to see so I can answer directly from there. What do you say? Okay, on telegram, yeah? You see that thing that is moving here? That's how you join it? Okay, otherwise I shall see you for our part three which is going to be transformational. We're going to talk about the perfect command, alright? Don't miss it.