It's great for students, especially to newbies like me before. So, I did the online course, which is amazing, and you learn a lot there, and so I started the journal, and over the past few months I've been documenting and doing SageMode and learning the different deities, the different stems, the different stars in the doors, and using that. And each time you add a different layer to it, so I set goals a few months ago, and just before I came here from South Africa, I went through my journal again, and I ticked off all the goals that actually came true, and it was amazing, like, to the point.

Like, if you ask for so much money, the exact same amount comes to you, like, it's actually just so wonderful to know that you have a tool like this that can match your ambition in life. So, yeah, I have been using it. All right, keep them coming, guys.

Let's see who's here today. Type of one, if you guys are ready, Fiona, John, Maria, Jiarui, Denise, Jacob, how you guys doing? Let me see what you guys are posting on Telegram. Yeah, type of one on Telegram if you guys are ready, and type of one on the chat if you guys are ready.

Yeah, we have different chat rooms. We're just trying to compile. Guys, can you please put it up onto my screen so I can see? Yeah, so I can see what's going on.

Okay, I'll see. Yeah, good, good. Okay.

So, we have much to cover, and make sure you guys have already, if you have not already done so, watch the homework thingy that we did. Yeah, make sure you check that, because I want to, that's why we have that shorter sessions that is off the training, because I want to cover more practical aspects during our training here. And so, if you've, but I also want to make sure that you guys did the homework right, because that's super important, so that you could actually achieve something throughout this four-part training.

Right. So, now, as we are still waiting for people to come join us, yeah, this is the part three, in case you've missed, right, this is the part three of our Manifesting Framework, Achievement Manifesting Framework. And I want to pick some of the more common questions here to start the day, to warm up before we go on to the core of our training today, which is about the perfect command.

Well, you got a glimpse of it. Are you guys okay, Amelia, William? Yeah, Zhen Yang? Okay, so, the gist of it, I mean, the idea, right, we've gone through Awakening, we've gone through how to align with Divine Guidance. We have some intros into the Eight Doors, and you know about the Deities, right, which is the core connection to spiritual energies.

And so, today, we're going to focus on how do you actually structure the perfect command? So, there is a huge difference, there's a huge difference between praying and manifesting. Okay? Huge difference. And I think by today, you understand that what we're doing here is not praying, but because habitually, a lot of people end up praying as opposed to manifesting.

It's two different things. Okay? So, you don't need to pray to Qi Men. Let's just be very clear here.

You're not praying to a Qi Men deity. Please do not do that. Because the Qi Men deity is just part of your subconscious mind.

You do not pray to yourself, right? So, Qi Men is not a religion. So, you don't pray to Qi Men. You use Qi Men because it's part of your own vibrational energy.

Okay? So, you use it. To use it, you have to issue a command. That's what we're going to do today.

Right? How to get whatever you want from whatever you've got. You guys good with that? I wonder if you guys are ready. Yay.

Johnson. Aiden. Dominic.

Yeah? Okay, so, let me just go through some common questions that... This is grouped together, right? These are questions because in general, there are a lot of questions we're receiving on Telegram, on Facebook, and all over our Zoom here as well. Now, so, these are some of the common questions that we have received. We just have grouped it together.

So, make it kind of an FAQ for most of you. Okay? So, the first one, which I think a lot of you guys have asked is, Can I use the other deities who are not my own Garden of Destiny? The answer is absolutely yes, eventually. Eventually.

Okay? Because right now, as you are starting with your achievement practice, you have to first begin with your own Garden of Destiny to get reconnected. You're born with this higher level of frequency connection with your Garden of Destiny. And so, you want to reconnect it.

So, when you're asking for something, when you're commanding for the manifesting of something, don't go for the big, big things first. Because this is like a long-lost friend that you have not contacted for years. I mean, if you're 30 years old, 40 years old, you've never done any of this connection with your higher self.

And all of a sudden, the first time you appear, you're asked for a million bucks. Right? It's like you haven't rebuilt that friendship yet. The connection.

Okay? The connection hasn't been re-established. All right? So, get to know your Garden of Destiny first. Get a feel of it.

Right, guys? You understand what I'm talking about? I mean, if you resonate with me. You get connected first by asking for small things. Okay? Asking for smaller things, like something for tomorrow, or day after, a small little favor.

Right? Connect with that first. Got this? Malini? Sanjay? Yeah? Tell me one of you guys are understanding me right now. Okay? You're hearing me, what I'm saying? Get used to them.

And as you practice Qimen, over time, you will be using, there will be arrivals of different deities, Qimen deities, into your Destiny Palace, or into your Wealth Palace, or into your Career Palace. Over time, you will get an opportunity to also use the attributes belonging to a different deity. Okay? So, as you can see, in your couple of pages, in your manifesting calendar, right, you can see that different deities arriving, right? So, of course, you get an opportunity to use different energies.

And as you do that, you become more connected with the other deities. So, yes. Eventually.

Okay? So, here's the other question. Can Qimen tell me or predict if I'll ever be successful? To do this, I think Qimen is not a fortune-telling system, if you will, right? But if you use Qimen on a strategic level, you will be successful eventually, or even in the next couple of months or years. Because in Qimen, you are engineering and co-creating your destiny.

Okay? So, it's not a question whether you'll predict that you'll be successful as if your future is already fixed. You are going to create it. Now, the question is, how desperate do you want this? The problem is, most people actually are not that interested in actually becoming successful.

It's true, right? They would rather spend a weekend, you know, playing video games than to spend a weekend studying something that could change their life. I mean, not you guys, obviously, because you guys are here learning a technique or a new skill. But are there not a lot of people out there? How many of you relate to what I'm saying? A lot of younger kids today or younger people today, they'll spend their days loitering around, playing video games or, you know, doing things that are not significant, that has zero impact on their future.

Yes or no? Right? Where they should be thinking about their career and their future, they're not. And then bad things happen, they say, I want my life like that. Will I ever be successful? But they're not doing anything about it.

I'm glad you guys are here because you guys are actually doing something about co-creating a successful future. So you have to be intentional. I should write this down.

You have to be intentional about achieving success. Okay? And it's not an overnight thing because success has got many, many, many, many different layers. But if you're intentional about it, the chances of achieving is much higher.

Now, here's another common question. Do I have to meditate or be super spiritual to make this work? The answer is no. There are no mantras.

There are no prayers or, you know, very elaborate spiritual rituals and chanting that you need to do. In fact, you shouldn't. Okay? This has got zero relations to any of that type of formalities.

What you're really doing here is you must understand what spiritual really means. There is a huge difference between religion and spirituality. You guys know what's the difference? Type out.

What do you think is the difference here? Chloe, Nathan. Yeah? What do you think? What do you think it is? The difference between spiritual and religion. So, here's the thing, all right? Religion are other people's experiences grouped together.

Spirituality is your own experiences. Your own discovery. Your own connection with the divine.

Okay? So that's your spiritual journey. There are people, listen to me, there are people who are religious but not spiritual. Yes or no? Just look at the shit they're doing, right? There are people who are religious but they are not spiritual.

Yet there are people who are spiritual but not religious. Yes or no? Okay? So if you follow a particular discipline, right, or experiences, then you might be in a religion. But if you're following your own discovery, your own ability to see the truth and become better, that's your own spiritual world.

And that does not mean that you have to do a thousand prayers every day. That you have to do many mantras and you got to recite all the ancient mantras in Sanskrit in order to achieve this higher level. Some people do that, right? They think that the more authentic they are with the mantras, that they got to learn Sanskrit or they got to learn some high level Mandarin even though they don't know how to speak it but they want to pronounce it in that saying just so that they feel more authentic with it.

No. Okay? The idea is not about that. The idea is for you to, you yourself, have that enlightenment.

When you achieve that, you see things for what they are and you become better and you can take from the invisible world and manifest it into the external world such as creating wealth, creating careers, creating opportunities, then you are spiritual. Okay? And ultimately the measurement is are you happier? Like truly happier. Not cynical type happy.

Okay? If you're truly happier, you're more harmonious, then you are spiritual. Right? So, that's the difference. So, to answer this question, you don't have to do all this stuff to be spiritual.

You just have to understand that you are becoming better. That's the spiritual world we're talking about. And this is the next question.

Now, these type of questions, asking Chiman to forecast something, falls under the category called Chiman Forecasting. So, it's very different than Chiman Manifesting. It's actually the other end of the spectrum.

The other end of the spectrum is you're going to forecast the outcome of a certain activity or desire or pursuit. Okay? Now, although I'm saying this in plain English, but a lot of people don't get it. So, I want to explain this again.

Chiman Forecasting. Okay, guys, can you put up two words here? Manifesting and Forecasting. Just type it out, right? On the screen for us.

So, there is a difference between Manifesting and Forecasting. In fact, there is a lesson that I'm going to talk about today that talks about the difference between these two perspectives of Chiman, if you will. So, Forecasting is, in fact, the majority, the bulk of how Chiman practices are, is that we want to use Chiman to actually forecast the likability of success or failure of a certain activity or pursuit.

So, yes, to answer this question, can I use Chiman to ask about my relationships, not just career or business? The answer is absolutely yes. And in fact, it's more than that. In fact, you could use Chiman to actually help guide you to take the right action steps to get better relationships, win in your career and businesses as well.

Okay? Now, it's quite different than Manifesting. Because Manifesting, it's about bringing your desires into reality. That you want to engineer the certain environment or experience or outcomes.

They both work hand in hand. The Chiman Manifesting takes what you desire and co-creates the environment, the situation to favour that outcome or bring forth the outcome. And then you use forecasting to kind of measure or check if you're heading towards the right direction towards that outcome.

So, they are both, they work complementary to each other. Okay? Now, here's another common question. What if I don't resonate with my guardian deity at all? Yeah.

At first, at first. Okay? The reason is because all these years, you have never contacted this guardian angel. Never.

It's always been there. So, after a while, you know, it's like a long-lost friend, right? The phone number is in your contact list but you've never contacted a friend. You cannot all of a sudden say, hey, you know, let's go out for lunch.

It's like, hey, you know, you're not contacting me for years and all of a sudden, you know, you're here, right? So, you have to first build that relationship again and once you do that, give yourself about two to three months, you will resonate 100% with the guardian of destiny. You will resonate with the attributes. Okay? Alright.

So, here's another question. Does having a weaker one or two-star guardian deity mean I'm not, I'm at a disadvantage? The answer is firstly, levels one and two does not mean it is lower. This is a great question.

I want you guys all to write this down when I know someone is late and they're going to join later and then they have the same question. It's level one. I'm only level one chief.

I'm only level two chief. I'm level zero chief. Does it mean I'm weak? The answer is no.

It's not. Each of this level, it's called spiritual alignment, each of this level have a different type of frequency. Okay? Level one talks about survival energy.

Okay? Level two is about desire energy. So, it's different. In fact, today, today I'm going to actually go into detail about the eight spiritual alignments.

Alright? So, I want you to understand they're not about weaker. In fact, zero is not weaker. In fact, zero can be nothing or everything.

Zero is one of the, it can be the biggest number. It can also be the smallest number. It encompasses everything.

Okay? See, zero is so powerful that it cannot be divided nor multiplied. It is an absolute number. Okay? So, you see the power of zero.

So, it's not always weaker. It depends on context. Got it, guys? Yeah? So, level three, for example, powers to do with leadership and conquering.

So, if you know how to use that in a certain way, right, you could dominate an industry. Or sometimes people appear more dominating or charismatic because they're level three. Right? So, it's not about weaker.

It's about what's the purpose. You guys get it? Type of one if you guys understand what I just say. Okay, here's another question.

What if I'm not intuitive at all? Can intuition be trained? Or is it something you're just born with? Will achievement still work for me? The answer is, now before I ask, I say this. How many of you here regard yourself as intuitive? You guys are intuitive? Type of one if you're intuitive. Type of two if you don't know.

Type of three if you feel that you're absolutely not intuitive. One, two, or three. Go ahead.

I see a lot of you are pretty intuitive. Some of you are somewhat intuitive. Okay? Alright.

So, here's the thing. Intuition, like any other senses that we have, sight, hearing, smell, taste, for example, some people are born with a little bit more sensitivity towards intuition. Some people are lesser.

But here's the thing. You can be trained. You can be trained.

Just like your eyesight, ability to observe and see things, right, hearing, you have a natural ability, yet you also have ability that can be honed. So, intuition can be trained. Okay? In fact, the level six star in your achievement, I'll tell you guys, don't get so excited yet, right, as we go through the topics today, level six actually talks about intuition.

Okay? So, it actually can be trained. It can be developed. The question is, do you know what intuition can do for you? Okay? Because a lot of people don't know.

They think that intuition is what? Ability to see the future, to sense evil spirits. Because people have different perspectives on what intuition is. Okay? If you intuitively know something, you could, you know, like for example, if you read many textbooks, if you have better intuition, you know which parts are important.

It's intuition filters unnecessary information. Okay? So, there are people who are book smart, who knows everything in the book, but they're not intuitive, so they don't know which parts are important. Okay? Some people knows which part is important, they don't have to read the book, they just know which sections to refer to, and they know how to intuitively use certain skills or abilities.

It can be developed. Okay? So, yeah? You guys good with this? Nicole? Kevin? Okay. Now, here's another question.

How do I know if my deity has heard me? Okay. Normally, sense of knowing, some people, you know, take time to develop that, and for others, they look for evidential occurrences. And evidential occurrences in our modern day language are signs from the universe.

Okay? So, we have not talked about this extensively yet, but it is an important aspect of achievement. How many of you have seen, like, very unique numbers? 111444333, right? How many of you have seen this? Like, suddenly you look at this set of numbers, yeah, you resonate? Yeah? Clarice? Carlo? Yeah? Bianca? Yeah, you got, you feel that? Right. Sometimes you see, right? Like you see triple ones consecutively for a couple of days, right? Yeah, I'm coming to that, what it means, right? Chill, relax first, yeah? Okay.

So, how many of you have seen numbers? Or maybe certain colors, certain objects, right? Okay. So, do all these have meaning? Well, they are signs, right? Some people call it angel signs, some people call it divine signs, S-I-G-N-S, signs, all right? So, these are replies, think of it as replies. These replies, as the word says, replies from the universe has to be related to a question that you are pondering or asking the guardian deity in Qimen.

So, to answer your question, does 1114443 or all these have a specific meaning? It only has meaning if you remember your question. Problem is, most of you don't remember what was the question because you didn't specifically ask the question, you were just worried or thinking about or concerned about a certain topic. When that itself is a question, right? There's a desire to know an outcome, right? But you just didn't put it into an official conversation.

So, remember, a reply only makes sense if you understood what was the question. Otherwise, it's basically the universe spamming you, okay? It's like suddenly you remember, oh, a promotion for the latest T-shirts in Qimen and like, what is it? I didn't even ask what it is, right? You get a spam mail. So, otherwise, it is a reply.

If you ask the question and reply with that, now it makes sense because it's replying to a certain question or a desire that I have in mind. That is how signs work, okay? So, how do you know the TT has heard you by the replies? And the replies come with the signs. Sometimes you see a feather, right? Sometimes you see, oh, why is this two birds tweaking in front of my house for these last three days, right? They're always here.

That is the sign, okay? So, how many of you are interested in learning more about evidential occurrences, signs for the universe? Type a one here. Wow, interesting. It's an interesting thing.

Sometimes the signs come in a dream, yeah? Okay, it's a whole long subject, guys. Big subject. But it's part of Qimen as well, okay? So, remember, the short, the gist of it is you have to see what the question is in order to interpret the answer.

Otherwise, the answer has got no meaning. Triple one has got no meaning. Triple three has got no meaning, right? Four, four, four, four, four, four, four has got no meaning unless you know the question.

So, this is a long story cut short. Find out what the question is. There's a whole framework for that.

Okay? Perhaps one of the lessons I can go deeper into this. If you're interested, type a one so I know. Okay? There's so many things to cover, right? Well, being interested is one thing.

Is this helpful? The answer is yes. If you know how to ask the right questions and you know how to interpret the signs, the universe answer, then it is super helpful. You're constantly getting a visual or spiritual guide guiding you.

But if you ask dumb questions, right? You're someone who's not trained. You haven't trained yourself to ask more intelligent questions. You ask all of these dumb questions.

Oh, why did he leave me? Why did she leave me? Why is my life so miserable? Why am I always betrayed by my friends? Why are people jealous of me? Why do people take advantage of me? You ask questions like that, then you're going to get really dumb answers. Yes, they'll still get a reply. It's just that the level of the question dictates the level of the answer.

It's kind of like check GPT and some AI things that you're using. Do you know by now, you guys realize that AI is a question of garbage in, garbage out. Yes or no? How many of you have that realization? Come to me right here.

Right? AI is as powerful as the user. If the person is asking dumb questions, like they're using as a search engine, which is majority of people do that, right? Then it's not going to give you really good answers. AI tells you the answer you want to hear, but it's not exactly useful.

You know what I mean? Right? Here's the thing. So you got to learn how to use AI, isn't it? Right? Likewise, you also need to learn how to interpret the signs from the universe. We call that in Qimen, evidential occurrences.

Okay? All right, just a couple more, then we will go on to some of our core training today. How do I know if I'm in sage mode? Well, you're in sage mode when you feel that there is a sense of timelessness, peace, and calmness. In general, your brain frequencies will go down to the alpha level, which is the most creative level for the brain frequency.

Okay? That's sage mode. It's a meditative state, but not a state where you're in your delta or theta level where you're actually deep into meditation. We don't want to get to that level.

It's a level that you're pretty much awake, just very peaceful. Okay? All right. So, last one and then we go on to some of our training today.

All right, you guys good? Okay. I have the death door in my Qimen Destiny Palace. Does this generally mean that my life will be difficult for me? The answer is no.

The answer is absolutely no. Death door has got different meaning in different contexts. This is where a lot of people jump to conclusions.

Oh, the word death is bad. You recall one of the cleansing that I used for you, I think it was a couple of days ago, that I actually used the death door. It's used to end certain addictions or problems.

Death door means ending. All right? But that is used for when I'm doing the manifesting. In your destiny palace, death door represents earth.

It represents land. It represents assets. It represents possessions.

You will notice that the richest people on the planet are usually death door. That's the power. The power to end or start a life.

The power to determine the prosperity of other people. Entrepreneurs. Right? Business owners.

Death door. Okay? Life door is not as rich as death door people. But, caveat, you got to know how to use it.

Okay? That's Qimen destiny for you. So, different perspective. All right? Is it this interesting? All right.

Now, I just want to remind Nanda that we have a lot of people already in our training here. You just join us. Welcome back.

Welcome back, guys. Okay. So, today's session, maybe 90 minutes, maybe two hours.

Okay, I just give you the time frame. It depends on your questions as well, guys. So, I allocated about two hours to complete today's training as much as possible.

But listen, you know, I know some of you guys are busy or whatever it is. But, try to commit to the time so that at least learn the skill to transform your life. Right? You know, a lot of people always ask for grace and ask for help.

And when help arrives, they don't want to take it. Maybe this is what you've been asking for and praying for all your life. The skill set to change your life.

And you can't afford that 30 minutes extra to learn it? I don't know. Okay? I don't know. Right? Most of this training program is free.

Right? Some of you are in the gold pass which is great. Right? You get to replace. Some of you just have to commit to time which you do have.

Right? So, you know, a lot of people are in that rat race. They keep doing the same, same, same thing. You know how rat race looks like, right? They keep running, running, running and there's no way out.

Well, this is your way out. Sometimes you just have to break free. You know, decide that this is the time for you to change your life and take the next step.

Okay? So remember, taking the next step is the way to get out of the rat race. Okay? I hope that, you know, it will be you that change your own life. Right? If not, sometimes you might do... Some of you are in this training like the fourth or fifth time.

Right? I do a lot of free trainings over the years and I recognize some of these names. They're here the fourth or fifth time but hopefully by the fifth time they will decide that this is it. I want to take the next step and change it.

Okay? You can see that, right? So part of us, we... In our philosophy, in the Team JY, we try to help as many people as possible and the rest is you got to take that action the next step forward to speed things up and change it. Just so you know, I'm going to repeat this at the end of the day today. Period nine, we are just in the cusp of the transformation.

You see the whole world is in this chaotic chaotic mode right now. You know, so it's best to have a skill set to really assist you to thrive right now. And if not, this tsunami of wave or transformation especially from the Crimson Horse, you know, it's quite detrimental.

You see people out there suffering too. Right? So hopefully you get out this rat race and transform your life. Right? It's up to you.

Right. So let's... Now, you guys watch the homework because I want to just skip this part because I've already done it earlier. If you're not already watching it, guys, can you just put up the link here to see where they can see it in a spot of our social media groups.

I think you can just watch. The homework is important. Very important.

All right. So I want you to go through that if you've missed it. Okay.

All right. Good. All right.

You go there. It's important that you have answers to these questions. The idea of the homework is simply this.

All right. What's the gap between where you are and where you want to be? That's important. Okay.

This is only... You can answer this. What's the gap? Okay. The gap.

Now, a lot of people can't describe this gap. Where do you want to be? Like, oh, I don't really know where I want to be. That's a problem.

Right. But you feel unhappy. You don't feel that satisfied with your career.

You don't feel that happy in your relationships. You don't feel that happy with your health. Then there must be a gap somewhere.

So if you don't... You're unable to put your finger on where the gap is, like from where you are to where you want to be. Usually, my way is basically put a dollar sign to it. Right.

What is the dollar value between where you are and where you want to be? So if you want to make a million dollars and you are currently at $300,000, then the gap is $700,000. It's easier if you use numbers. I'm not saying that's the only way, but it's an easier way.

Okay. Where you want to be. Now, even that number of where you want to be, a lot of people are afraid.

I realize this. I mean, I'm close to 50 years old now. And I have friends who, when I grow up with, the same age with me, and they still don't know what they want.

It's a bit sad. I mean, they ask me and I try to tell them, hey, you know, where's the gap? They say, ah, you know, one day, I'm going to be all right. Then I just look at, you know, we are half a century old.

And you still don't know where you want to be. Why are you so afraid to put a number to it? Okay? Right? At half a century, you should at least know where you want to be in the next 10 years, right? I mean, right, if you are 70 now, in the next 5 years or 10 years, where would you want to be? Right? What is important for you? And where you are now to where you want to be, that is called the gap. If you put a dollar sign to it, it's quite, I mean, now, the reason I say this is because the perfect command that you're about to learn today relates a lot to closing this gap.

If you don't know this gap, you can't specifically manifest the outcome. So, you got to know that. Right? Now, let me ask you this other question.

If we fill up that gap, what would that open up for you? This is a great question, isn't it? If you do fill up this gap eventually, what would that open up for you? How would this unlock the new version of you if you close this gap? Now, you think about it, guys. I want you to connect to your higher self as I'm talking to you with these questions. If you do fill up this gap, what would that open up for you? Who would you be if this gap is finally closed? You're there now.

How would you feel? What's the life like? How's life like when you get there? When you finally don't have cancer anymore? Right? Think about it, right? When you finally have that funds to build the dream house. Right? Some people say, but my issue is a family issue. My daughters left me.

My kids left me. And now I'm all alone. Can Chimman help me? Yeah, what's the gap? The gap is that relationship.

How much is it? If you're worth $10 million today, would you create a different environment where it's better for your kids and for yourself as well? Think about it. Right? Now, here's the other question. What happens if you don't close that gap in the next 6 months? What happens? This is an important question.

The problem is there's no urgency to close the gap and therefore without that, your desire power is weak. Your manifesting doesn't turn it into an outcome. It doesn't manifest because it's not really urgent.

You know, urgent and important things get done first. Even in your actual daily life. Yes or no? Everything that's urgent, you do it immediately.

Everything that's important, you give it priority. Yes or no? So if you don't know, you don't have an answer to what if you don't close this gap in the next 6 months and you don't know what that means, that means it's not urgent and it's also not that important. Because of that, this manifesting will take time to come.

Guys, I'm trying to solve this problem for you. Why is it that manifesting some of you guys don't get the outcome, right? So it's not that just the door and just the dainty alone. You gotta have that urgency.

Guys, how many of you understand what I'm saying? Type of one. Yeah? Teh-wen, Kai-sin, yeah? Zen-yang. Got it? Yeah? Okay? Right.

And here's the thing. The law of equivalent exchange. I think I touched on this a little bit in the last couple of trainings.

And also in my short videos I do this a lot. The law of equivalent exchange always says energy exchanges. You gotta give something to get something.

Not always money, but money is a good way to measure this. Sometimes your energy, your time. Like for example, kids don't measure how much money you give them, unless they grow up.

As young kids, it's how much time you give them, right? That's how they value your investment in them, right? So, different perspective, different outcomes requires different forms of investments. So, I need to ask you this. What's the maximum you invest to closing this gap? Maximum investment.

Think about it. Time, energy, resources. Three things.

Okay? Resources means money or things that you have. Some of you, no, I'm not giving any of my time. No, I'm not giving any of my resources.

If you're not willing to do it, the law of equivalent exchange says you're not going to get the outcome, no matter what you're manifesting. Okay? It's very simple. You go to work.

Let's say you get a job. You take your time and your knowledge in exchange for payment. Law of equivalent exchange.

Some get paid more. That's because the value of what they're doing with their time and skills is creating a bigger value for whoever they're giving it to. Okay? So, that way, it's also what you're investing.

Okay? So, what's the maximum investment that you are prepared to give? Put a dollar sign to it. Okay? No, it's just $200. Okay.

Then, your value in return is going to be $200. Maybe at most $2,000, but that's it. Right? So, here's the thing.

So, this is a realization question. Right? All these questions just help you to, okay, it's a spiritual question. It's for you to, oh, shit.

I'm not giving anything. In fact, I'm always taking, I'm waiting for, you know, the government to give me money. I'm waiting for people to give me money.

Is this take, take, take, take, take? You see, the thing is, how many of you regard yourself as relatively religious? I'm not saying the type of religion is relatively religious. So, you believe in doing God's work. Yes? Or the divine's work.

Yes or no? Because that's what all the major religions talk about. Right? So, the divine. Let's just use the word the divine.

Because we're not going to identify with a certain type of discipline. We'll just say the divine. And you know the divine, the ultimate, the source, is all about procreation.

It's creating life. Right? Creating life, creating possibilities. It's not there because you know that the divine is love.

Love is the divine. Right? So, if you're there to do the divine's work, you're actually creating jobs. You're actually hiring people.

You're actually giving opportunities to other people. You will be blessed with even more because you're giving. So, a lot of entrepreneurs who are hiring, who is developing, who is feeding hundreds of families because of what they do, they gain more opportunities.

And in fact, if you look at how businesses work, it's exactly the same way. Whereas those who are waiting, right? There are some older generations that you know everyone has that old uncle or auntie somewhere that oh, you know, I don't get enough. I'm waiting for handouts.

These are the ones that are not doing divine's work. And since you're not doing part of divine's work, you get the least help. Because you're not hiring anyone, your ideas are not feeding a society.

That's the problem. See the point? The law of equivalent exchange. Right? So, what's the maximum you'd invest to closing that gap for yourself? Think about that because that is the framework for writing the most powerful command.

If you write a command without this, you're going to miss out on the actual outcome. Okay? And here's the thing, right? Now, when you write the command, there's also such a thing called expectations, guys. Expectations.

We, the Buddhists call this How do you say in English, guys? Stubborn? No, not stubborn. Fix it. A stubborn perspective.

In the Western world, it's called set perceptions. Okay? Set perceptions of how things must be and should be. And in fact, this is the main cause of a lot of relationship problems.

The main cause of a lot of partnership fallout because what you perceive as a good relationship is you're brought up by this culture and then you marry to someone who doesn't abide by that culture. Oh, this is a bad relationship. Some people are like that, right? Because of their perception of how a man should be or perception of how a woman should be and when they're not aligned at all, you know, this is all wrong.

Perception is kind of like our intelligence. Alright? Listen to this first. This is important.

This is part of the perfect command training today. You see, intelligence, all human beings have a certain level of intelligence, right? And the more intelligent we are, the more we find out how things work. So that we could repeat it.

Remember the time where how many of you were in biology class back in the day? How many of you were in biology class back when you were kids? Biology and you have to cut open a frog? Yeah? How many of you did that? Do they still do that in school? Do they still do that in school? I mean, I did that back in school, right? So you cut open a frog and then you thought this is the heart, this is the kidneys, this is the what, have you done that? Yeah? So you don't like that class, right? Some is disgusting, for some boys it's so interesting, right? This is a dead frog, right? So here's the thing, why do we do that? Because intelligence requires us to know why things work, right? So we cut it open to find out why. We ask why. It's great.

Once we understood why, we can change things, make things work. Great. Okay? So imagine you're trying to understand your wife.

Or I've said it once, you're trying to understand your husband. Okay, let's not do this. Let's say, you're trying to understand your mother.

I want to understand my mother. But to understand her, why her thinking is like that, you cut her open. Let's remove this head and see inside the brain, see how they are wired, why they think the way, why she think the way she think.

After you cut things open and find out why, you might find out why. But in the end, there's not much of a mother left. Now think about the relationship part.

A lot of people keep asking why you're like that? Why you're like this? I want to find out why. I want to find out why who text you last night. Is it this? Is it that? Why you slept with this person? Why is this? Why is that? By the time you find out the why's, you didn't solve the problem.

Yes, you're intellectually better, but there's not much of a husband or a wife left. So there's another perspective that you embrace and that sort of higher intelligence called pure intelligence. And pure intelligence is the intelligence of the universe.

You see, this universe itself, consciousness is conscious. It's consciously producing life. The whole universe is working in a specific order.

Life finds a way and it is not sullied by our opinions. It's not sullied by our opinions. It's just like the ocean waves.

The waves can crush someone or you can ride the waves and surf. But the waves don't give a shit whether you're a nice person or a kind, loving person or whether or not you're comically whatever good things you've done. The waves are just the waves.

That's how the universe, pure intelligence works. They have a certain order and a certain law. The law of equivalent exchange is part of the universe law.

The law of creation is part of this law of the universe. So these are pure intelligence. The consciousness is always there.

And it works regardless of how intelligent you are. So intelligence is kind of like a double-edged sword. And you can cut outwards but sometimes cutting inwards.

Whereas pure intelligence is the all-knowing. If you understand how that works, that love for example, you just understand, I can trust this person, I love this person, I don't need to know the whys and hows. You know when you say love conquers all, you'll find a way to make it work.

Because you actually love that person. When there's no love, there's only intelligence. Where should we split? Where's the half? How should I protect myself? That's the difference, right? The point is this.

When you're trying to get the perfect command but you have an intention of setting how the outcome must be because you intelligently think that this is the way it's supposed to work, it will not work. Let me give you an example through the form of a story. So long ago, some of you might have heard this story, that was in a village or in a small town, a great flood was coming.

A great flood was coming. And then there was this religious guy, a man who was super trusting to God, super religious, goes to pray every single day, follows all the scriptures, do all the mantras and whatever not. And he knows the flood is coming because there was a warning issue but he refused to evacuate his home.

And as the water is coming in, his neighbor came in the car and said, Hey, come with me. The flood is coming. You see the water is coming into your house now.

You should come with me right now. And what did the man say? He said, No, I can't come with you. I'm waiting for God to reply.

I'm waiting for God to save me. And He will send the angels. He said, OK.

Alright. So off the neighbor went, Good luck to you, man. Alright, I'm pretty sure He will come and save you.

Right. Now, the water has kept rising and he's still in the house waiting. He's still praying.

Still praying. Alright. Now the water has reached until the window's level.

He knows, Oh shit, the window's there. What should I do? And the rescue team came with a boat. Rescue team said, Hey, get in.

You'll drown if you stay in this house. And once again, the man said, No. God will save me.

Then the rescue boat said, What the hell? Alright, OK. Alright, cool. Alright, but you better make sure you get out of the house.

Alright. So off the boat went. Finally, the water reached to the top, almost to the top of the roof and this guy had to climb all the way to the top of the roof now to his house.

And then, I think some of you get the idea of the story. Alright. Helicopter came.

Flew overhead. And the crew yelled down to the guy and said, Hey, grab the rope. We'll pull you up.

And this guy shouted, No. God will save me because I am a religious person. And so the water rose higher and higher and higher and finally the man drowned.

And so he went to heaven. Alright. Well, we don't know where he went.

He went to heaven and then he met God. He's very angry with God. Hey, I've been praying to you my whole life.

How come you didn't send the angels to come save me? And God said, You motherfucker. I sent you three freaking help and you still don't want to come. And somehow you complain.

Right? You deserve to go to hell. Moral of the story here is this. Grace or divine help comes through ordinary means, guys.

And not in your perceived way of how it must happen. So for these guys, you have to see the angels flapping him away. I know this is an exaggerated story but here's the truth.

Right? Help comes from through other people, through opportunities and even circumstances. Right? So it does not mean that you ignore practical help. It does not mean that you have a set perception of how the divine must help you.

Right? Just like I asked you, how does heaven look like to you? And straight away you think angels. Right? If you were born in the West, you probably think angels with wings flying around. There's a huge, grand castle somewhere and then there's this divine being sitting on a throne.

But if you're born in China a few hundred years ago, you will see that this is the emperor sitting on a dragon throne. Right? In the emperor's south gate with lots of army dressed like Tang dynasty. But if you're born in Greece, it would be Zeus.

Yes or no? You're born in Norway 2-3 thousand years ago, you think it's Odin. The culture dictates how this visual would be. Okay? But the energy of the divine is still the divine.

Different names. Alright? So, the problem in most of us when we're trying to get manifesting to come, we have a certain way to say, how do I know it's coming? I got to see it this way. So I want you to remove that.

So remember this story I just told you. Right? Help comes in different ways. Maybe this 4-part training itself is part of the step field.

Part of the training that you've been trying to manifest all this while that you ever needed to get out of the rat race. Who knows? Right? But how many feel that this could be the answer to some of the prayers that you've been asking for? Type of one. Right? Eugene? Great.

Malcolm? Jiamin? Leonard? Wow. Okay. You see that, right? Excellent.

Now you get the point. Good. Alright.

You excited for today? Yeah? So that was just the first part of our training. It's called Perception. Joey, can you remind me about the gold pass? Okay.

Alright. So before I go any further, today is the last day for joining the gold pass. Because otherwise it wouldn't make sense anymore to be in the gold pass anymore.

So if you are joining us as part of the gold pass members, then you get an extended 5-day replay. Some of you missed part 1 or you didn't repeat a certain part or part 2 or you find that this training is really good and you want to see it a couple of times. Repetition is actually the mother of all learning.

So join us in the gold pass. It's only $47. Get to watch all this training game.

And there's a dedicated Zoom Q&A to get you unstuck faster if you have questions. It's direct support. It's truly great.

And for those of you who have a language barrier, you prefer it in different languages like Mandarin, Tagalog, Japanese, Bahasa, Korean, French, Romanian, Italian, Thai, German, Russian, right? So, you want to be part of the gold pass and you get the different language. Yeah, of course, AI did it. Right? Or you want to believe that I actually learned Thai last week and speak to you in Thai? Come on, right? Okay, but it's good.

It's about 90-95% pretty good. I've got friends who tell me I'm pretty accurate. Alright, so anyway, it's 47 bucks.

Alright, so if you think that this is worth it, do join us. Alright, so first lesson, perception. Alright? When we are using the perfect command and the energies are right, you've got to have the right energies.

I'll tell you how to do that. You align yourself. But your perception is fixated.

Then you always will feel that the outcome is not exactly what you want. Okay? Because the divine helps you through different ways, through ordinary means. Alright? And always remember this.

The whole idea of manifesting follows a certain principle. And the principle is simply this. Spirit or the universe.

Okay, put the four realms up. Four realms, yeah. Spirit, universe, that's the highest level.

Heaven, earth, man or human. So these four realms. What does it really mean? The universe is the cosmic energy.

Alright? Divine. Channel to your thoughts. Thoughts to action.

Action leads to results. So basically what it means is your thoughts will become your beliefs. Your beliefs will become your behaviours.

And your behaviours will become your habits. And your habits will become your character. And your character will determine your destiny.

It determines how high you go and everybody has that right where they're at in their life right now. So that's why manifesting can change your life because it affects your thoughts. It will eventually become how you believe.

If you believe that you could do it, you will manifest the outcome. You become part of your behaviours. And your behaviours will form your daily practice, your daily habits, and eventually your character and it will shape destiny.

Okay? So that's why it's important to understand this. Now I want to show you, I did this a little bit just now when we started, but this is an important lesson here. I want to show you this spectrum.

The yin and yang of Okay? So we have the yin and yang. These are two reflections but it's the same truth. Super important.

Okay? I want to put the whole Qimen Dunjia thing into this perspective here because you are learning Qimen and I'm pretty sure, I mean, I hope that you will continue with us but even if you don't, you continue on your own. Please continue on your own at some point. Right? If you're with us, great.

If you're not, I wish you well but I used to need to do this and learn this and I'm going to give you the perspective right now. Okay? In Qimen, the contrasting in one side of it is manifesting and on the other spectrum is forecasting. Okay? So it's much more than you think.

Yeah? Because understanding what is in between these two is actually the key to mastering Qimen manifesting and it's also the same reason why people fail to learn the whole perspective of Qimen Dunjia, the whole system of this metaphysics because sometimes you think, is it feng shui or is it destiny? Now, it might appear a bit chaotic or non-linear, very disorganized information. Right? It looks complex. For some people, the problem with learning Qimen is wow, so many things.

How many of you feel that? So many things. I don't know which is which. Right? You feel overwhelmed, right? It looks complex with multiple layers.

Right? And for some people, wow, so esoteric. Right? Look at the chart. It's got all these symbols and this spiritual language.

Right? And it seems so mystical for me. So, it's not. What if there was an easy-to-learn step-by-step system to mastering the entire aspect of Qimen? Because in between forecasting and manifesting, in between this Qimen feng shui, Qimen destiny, Qimen strategic execution, Qimen oracle, for example, all these leading to Qimen forecasting.

They're different perspectives of Qimen. What if there is an easy-to-learn step-by-step framework to mastering every face of Qimen? A more systematic and repeatable way to converse and collaborate with the universe intuitively? What if there's a framework that you consistently can track and monitor and tweak your actions to match the outcome of your desires? And the desire, remember the gap? Remember I said earlier, you want to get to that point, great family, great health, no more pain, sleeping well, all this stuff, right? I don't know how much it's worth for you, but if you could get there in a structured way, a blueprint that will help you get whatever you want from whatever you've got. These 12 breakthrough steps are the everything in between this spectrum, from Qimen manifesting to Qimen forecasting, anything in between.

Okay, so look at all these steps, right, from understanding guardians of destiny to tree victories of the ability to have foresight, understanding how to change your environment and all that, so all these are the steps. Now, all this is inside this training program called the Qimen Academy. Okay, hear me out first, hear me out first, this is not a pitch, there is no buy button, all right? You're not going to buy this.

I'm saying there's an opportunity to get this for free. Don't you want to listen to this? Okay, so there is no buy button anywhere right now, I'm just going to go through this content here, all right? Okay, all right, so, here's the thing, all right, you might get this for free, so listen up, all right? Before I go on to this 12 path blueprint and explain what you might get, all right, let me just tell you there is a difference between western manifesting, because this is one major question that you guys have, oh, you know, I go, this law of attraction is also manifesting, is it the same? No, it's not the same. The biggest difference is Qimen incorporates the time dimension and the spiritual forces with your manifesting.

So, you notice that when we go through the cleansing, for example, we connect with the Qimen deity and we connect with the constellation, the cosmic forces and we connect with the time and the direction. So, you'll find that that itself is the other 50% of manifesting. So, while you're doing western manifesting, which is all correct in their own principle and all that, being positive and saying affirmations, all good, add the missing Qimen part to it, which is the time dimension.

So, you don't have to keep doing that shit, right, you don't do it at the right time and you get the outcome, all right? So, that's the gist of the difference between eastern and western manifesting, because eastern manifesting, you can still be that grumpy person, that people like to complain and cynical, but as long as you manifest at the right timing with the right direction, you get the outcome. Okay? That's the difference, all right? Okay. Now, in the Qimen Academy, and I truly think that you guys to strive to get this, if you can, again, I can't promise all of you that you will get this and there's no buy button here, all right, but eventually you should learn this yourself too if you can't get it for free, all right? If you wish to buy it, great, if not, listen first.

The awakening. First, you must see your inner universe like never before. I think that's important, that's the first part, that's the first part of this training and you realize that the outer world is just following your internal script.

You learn to plot the chart, uncover hidden cosmic instructions coded in your Qimen destiny and finally, you need to meet the real you. Not who you've become, but who you were born to be. That's what we call awakening.

And then you move up this path to the guardian of destiny. And I will touch a little bit about it, but I'm going to go deep into this. This is how you tap into the divine voice that has guided you all along.

Your guardian deity. How do you connect to this spirit guide? And finally, hear it clearly? Not hear it, hear it, but actually know what it's saying. Shift from hope to knowing as your inner guide begins, you know, helping you shape the outer universe.

That's what this guardian of destiny is about. You're going to awaken the spiritual power that helps you turn your desire into the outcomes that you want. Now, then you've got to have, you've got to turn yourself from being weak and not confident to becoming unstoppable.

So you've got to activate unstoppable momentum using divine light, divine blessing and divine force. This is the three victories, which is part of modules three and four. Learning how you can turn, you know, a position into a winning position, becoming unstoppable, right? So you want to show up in the world, you see, if you're more charismatic and confident, you already win 50% in your career, in your business, in your relationships.

Most of the problems occur in life is because you're not, you're not that confident. You don't speak up, you cannot explain yourself, right? You just keep quiet because of lack of confidence and you see, put two people together, the person who is more confident usually wins, even though they're not very accurate. Okay? So how do you become unstoppable? Well, by learning the three victories.

Now, the three victories involve divine blessing, divine light and divine force and each of these are used in relationships, in negotiations. It will turn a person with mediocre confidence into a person with strong charisma and leadership. It helps you win in your personal missions.

So three victories are super important. If you take away nothing from this training, just knowing the three victories alone is super useful in your career negotiations, in your business negotiations, your negotiation, your spouse for example, already is a win. Okay? Alright.

So how many of you are interested in getting this for free? Alright? So before I can tell you this, let me tell you the real value of this first, right? Not everything, you know, just get it first, right? You will see the value and see whether it's useful and you tell me, I want you to tell me how is this going to change your life before I can give you an opportunity to get it for free. Okay? Because you know a lot of things about free things, right? When people get it, they don't appreciate it. Alright? I know that, you know that too.

Alright? So here's the thing, alright? Modified is about the power of foresight, the ability to see things, not see ghosts, alright? It's about seeing things with super clarity, avoiding traps, avoiding misadventures, alright? You spot the hidden risks in relationships, in deals, in health matters, and in very important decisions in your life, right? The ability to see problems and avoid them at the start. Alright? Once you learn how to do that, you can move on to a framework called the Forecasting Framework and that's where you learn to forecast wealth matters, career matters and business matters. This is how you plot the achievement chart.

Some people are asking about this. You plot the chart and you have a business decision, right? I want to invest in this. I want to start this business.

I want to launch this marketing campaign. I want to do this deal with this person. I want to attack this market.

I want to launch a product in this manner. What's the outcome? So you're decoding the future of your business decisions or your career decisions. So you will see beyond the surface level and look at the true opportunities.

This is in fact the most important part about achievement because your life is going to be full of decision making. And if you could make just a little bit more better decisions, your life would instantly become better. Right? You think about the career part, right? All this while, you're stuck where you're stuck because you've been making not so great career decisions.

And what if you could do it better? What if you could understand what the other party wants and truly wants and desire before you negotiate? That would help you a lot, isn't it? Right? And module 7 is about how do you see a problem and how do you anticipate whether it will disrupt and turn into a crisis? So you want to anticipate disruptions before they hit and neutralize them before they actually become a disaster for you. This is super important, alright? If you just have less problems enough. How many of you feel that if you have less problems in life, your life is actually great? Less problems, right? That's it, right? Some people want to get rich but some people just want to have less problems.

Some people, their spouse is the problem, right? So before he or she erupts, I better find out how to solve this problem. That is the result of everything. I mean, I love this topic the most.

You know what they say, right? Happy wife, happy life, right? And how do you get a happy wife, happy life? Avoid triggering any problems. How many of you agree with this? Right? Okay. And then how do you navigate the problems, right? So if you're already in the problem, then how do you solve the problem? I think this is important, right? To find out, okay, I got this shit happening now, what do I do? Right? So forecasting is not just forecasting the opportunities.

It's also trying to find out, okay, I have this shit that I'm in right now, what should I do? How do I fix this shit, right? This itself is both your entire time trying to study this stuff, right? Turning problems into opportunities or at least solving the problem after it erupts, right? And then we talk about the invisible forces, the chi in your house and your environment. That's topic nine and ten. The power of energy.

If you can't change you because the circumstance is pretty fixed and your manifesting ability is not that great, try changing your environment. You see, feng shui and qimen feng shui is quite different. Qimen feng shui talks about the spiritual energies of your home, the sacred energies of your home.

So nine and ten focuses on that aspect. Okay? And then module eleven, we talk about the telling of qimen is the strategic application of time dimension for certain activity. Launches, for example, initiating negotiations, when to buy a property, when to take certain type of action, how to resolve business conflicts, for example, how to pursue a goal, what time.

That's all about timing. So you have to understand what sort of formations you need to see in the calendar that gives you the best advantage to win. So there's no wasted energy and no misfired timing.

That's lesson eleven. Okay? And finally, how do you put the whole thing together to form a strategy for yourself to win every single time. Okay? So this is the path between manifesting to forecasting and we call this the Qimen Academy.

Now, there's an opportunity for you to get this, all right? So I'll talk more about this at the end of our training today because this is just part of it. I want to go deeper now into the lessons first, all right? I want you to think about how these 12 topics, any one of these can solve a gap in your life. Okay? And the person who writes this the most obviously will gain the most.

So please write down and show this here, right? So put in the text on the telegram. How will this solve some of your problems in life when you know this technique? Okay? Then you see the value. Now, let's talk about a very important aspect about, you know, our part three is about commanding, right? So there is a difference between praying and commanding.

Big difference, okay? So, remember this is not a religion. We are not praying to a divine being, right? We are connecting to our own inner divine. So there is a huge difference here and I want to use this story here to illustrate this before we can write that command, right? So here's a story where there was once a small village that had not seen any rain for many, many, many, many months.

And so the land was dry and the wells were empty and hope was actually beginning to fade. And remember this is in ancient China so rain is important for farming. And so the villagers tried everything.

They tried digging deeper wells and calling for help for water from nearby towns but then no one come to help as usual. And so finally they decided that they need to pray to the gods to borrow the rain, right? To cast for rain. So those days they prayed to the dragon kings, right? For rains.

Now, so every evening the adults would gather at the hilltop looking out into the ocean and they will pray for rain. But no children were allowed because this was a serious business. Each family would send one adult to represent the household and they would go out to this hill that overlooks the ocean and they would ask dragon king to bless them with the rain.

So one day the head of the village fell really ill. No water to drink, right? So he couldn't attend the prayer ceremony so he asked his young daughter to go in his place. So the villagers murmured in disapproval how can you send a child to go and do a sacred prayer, right? I mean it's not the right thing to do, right? Not even serious.

But then the village head said, you know, you got to represent me, right? Because I'm really sick now. So the young daughter said, okay, I'll do it. So the next morning the little girl arrived at the gathering and she was barefoot and she was smiling and to everyone's surprise, she was actually carrying an umbrella and several empty buckets.

And then the villagers laughed, you know, some shook their heads and she thinks it's a game, right? They thought, well, at least this is a game, this little girl thinks, what? So foolish, this stupid girl. But then the girl didn't seem to notice, right? While all these adults did the whole ceremony, did the kowtows and the prostrations and they bowed with their heads and they chanted for the rain and did all that, what did the little girl do? The little girl carefully opened up her umbrella and placed her buckets all around her, right? And then she lifted her face to the sky and just waited. And within minutes, the wind began to stir.

The sky darkened, heavy clouds gathered above and soon, thunder rolled across the valleys and rain began to pour. The villagers gasped, rushing to cover themselves while this little girl laughed and danced in the downpour, collecting the precious water in all her carefully prepared buckets. So when the rain stopped, her buckets were all full, enough to last her family for many, many days and the others who had come only to pray but did not expect or did not anticipate, that's the word, were left empty handed.

So from that day on, the elders decided that children should join the prayers, for it was probably faith of the young girl that opened up the heavens unto the dragon king. So here's the thing, here's the difference when it comes to praying and commanding, alright? Not that praying is wrong, nothing wrong with that, I'm just saying this, the villagers were praying for rain, but it's the, you know, when you are, when you don't have something, right, you will pray for it, right, it comes from a position of lack, whereas the little girl, she didn't pray, right, although the act was praying but she went there and asked and then she anticipates and anticipation is a very powerful thing. Her so-called faith has a certain authority and command to it and that's the difference.

Her action, bringing the buckets and the umbrella is her command, a non-verbal declaration to the universe, I know it's coming, prepare the space, okay? So that's the biggest difference. So when you, when you pray, when you wish the universe for what you want, you wish, you acknowledge the absence of, write that down, this is a lesson here, very important, okay? When you wish for something, you acknowledge the absence of, but when you command something with calm certainty, and you're preparing as if it's already coming, you align with the vibrations of having it and that's when the rain will come and couple that with the correct timing and direction, the anticipation for the outcome is inevitable, okay? So, the story here, the village chief's little girl embodies the journey through the eight spiritual alignments which is this important lesson that I'm about to share with you, okay? It's kind of the next lesson now. It's about, it's not just about the positive belief, right? It's the, it's a metaphor for spiritual evolution and how manifestation strengthens as you move upward through this alignment, alright? So, remember when we're talking about the manifesting framework, once again, this is the framework, you see the intent, you have alignment, and then you have command.

This is the first 60% of your so-called manifesting, right? You see, the part about conquer is the part where the village, the little girl, took the buckets and then ran off. She's taking action, right? She's already ready for it, whereas the others are just doing the wishful thinking, right? But your intent, your alignment, and the command is very important, okay? I'm going to show you how, right? And we're going to talk a little bit more about the alignment to the type of energies and here they are. These are called the eight spiritual alignments.

Now, you, some of you have been asking about this, right? I'm only level one, I'm level two, you know, I'm level three. Does it mean it's weak? It's not. It's different aspects of spiritual alignments.

So here they are. So you can see that the so-called level one star is about survival. It's about basic instincts, basic needs, all right? The most fundamental needs.

And then level two is about desire, wanting. Number three is about power. The energies aligns to power.

About leading something, initiate something. Number four is about connecting. About connecting, all right? This is where love is about.

We're connecting to others, relating to other people, right? Level three is about, you know, feeling more significant or being able to control the situation. That's the biggest difference, all right? So survival is more like, okay, what gets me to a basic stable level, all right? Number two, desire is about, okay, what can I do more? What I want more. I want something different.

I want something special, right? And number five, level five, it's more like, you know, what can I do to feel more fulfilled, to feel that I'm growing, right? You see, happiness, happiness is kind of like riding a bike, okay? You have to keep on moving in order to feel that you're happy, all right? Happiness comes from daily fulfillments, that you are actually achieving something, becoming better. So that's why a lot of people are retired, they're not happy, all right? People, they stop doing what they do, they become unhappy because they no longer feel that they are growing. So growth is aligned with happiness, okay? So then there's a level six, which is intuition.

That's a spiritual alignment as well. You intuitively know things and now you focus on, you know, things that are more important, things that are actually relevant and matter, all right? So intuition is like wisdom. And then level seven is the soul level, the transcendent level, okay? The soul level, the highest level of spiritual achievements and attainment, enlightenment, if you will, okay? And then the final level, we call it level zero, or the Tao level.

This is the nothingness level. This, you can say, is zero or it is everything, all right? This is the level where everything is truly one, where you are united with the divine. At the soul level, you're still separated from the divine.

There's you and then there's the divine, right? But at the level zero, you are part of the divine. You are part of God. You are part of creation itself, right? When you truly understand that.

So that's level zero. Now the question is, this is a long, long study, of course, full topic. So, everyone has to begin with step one.

So let me just show you how you can see this. Some of us are born with different levels. So again, go to your destiny explorer here, right? And plot your chart.

In case you have not already done this, by now, you should have your achievement destiny chart, okay? You guys get achievement destiny chart? All right, cool. So, can you see that in your destiny chart or even in the hour chart or even in the, any of the charts, you will see these dots on the side of the chart, okay? The dots. So, these dots here indicate that level and on the, just on the external part, I actually write down, like, for example, the three dots, you will see the word power there, right? The six dots, you will see the word intuition.

Five dots, you will see the word growth. Can you see that? So that determines the sectors or the specific aspects of your spiritual alignment. So there's one sector that has your intuition.

That's called your intuition palace. Where is that? Everyone, find out where that is. Is it your intuition palace? Southeast? East? Okay, how many of you are following? Type of one, right? Daniel Tan? Yeah? Ming Han? You got it? Yes? Okay.

So, some of you are, if you're looking at the manifesting calendar, you won't see Bs written out, of course. I'm talking about your achievement destiny palace. Right? So you see the eight different spiritual alignments.

So you have intuition, you have connection, power and all that. So, when different charts arrive on your destiny palace and the right combination, that's how manifesting works, right? Different day charts and hour charts as they align, they will help you unlock your intuition or unlock your ability to connect deeper into your soul or connect to power or connect to manifesting desire, right? Or connect to establishing foundations and stability. All different aspects.

You see how it works now? So when you want to manifest something, as I said, the Eastern way to manifest something in the Western perspective is quite different. In the Western perspective, you have all these affirmations and all that. In the Eastern side, it's a bit more sophisticated, right? So there are certain energy timeframes that enter into your palace, your destiny, where you can actually achieve this outcome in a much more easier way rather than trying to stay positive all the time.

Nothing wrong with staying positive all the time, it's just that it's easier if you follow a framework. So this is how it works, right? So you have eight, I'm going to have to speed this up a little bit because I've still got a lot more to cover, but I'll give you the gist of it. At any one point if you want to spend more time on any of these sections, just type me here and say, okay, I'll expand this and then I'll take note of your name, my team will take note of your name and I'll let you know if there's further workshops coming out.

Sometimes we always think about when we're on a team, whether we want to do a specific workshop, if you want to do that, eventually after this whole four or five part training, then we might be able to do that. Alright? So let us know. But this is, I'm going to give you the gist of it.

Here it goes. So you have eight levels effectively, level one to zero. On a survival level, the natural tendency is if you don't develop this spiritual ability, the natural tendency is always fear.

And a spiritual lesson that you have to learn eventually, it's about learning to trust. So part of the spiritual manifesting that you learn to level up your manifesting abilities, one has to train or you might have to train how to choose safety from within, not from circumstances. Right? And when you finally learn to finally understand that you're supported even when you can't see how, you will shift your frequency.

Okay? So there's a certain training, so some people might be at this because they are born at stage level one, survival, and so there's always this fear thing, there's a natural inclination to fear. Alright? Some of you might relate to it. Right? So that is how this level works.

Right? Now the level two, the desires, the natural tendency is always to want. That's what it means. Right? To want.

To want but not believe. That's the problem. Right? So the natural tendency without training, without spiritual training, not religious training, spiritual training, they always live in someday, someday I'll be successful, someday I'll be rich, someday I will get that Lamborghini, someday I'll be there.

So they are chronic wanters, chronic wishes. And so naturally they will be more inclined to external signs or validations right? To know that whether what they want is working. So their vibration always says, I don't have it yet but one day I will.

And this is the problem. It's just the desire. So to overcome this, the spiritual training, the achievement training that they need is, they have to learn to stop wanting proof.

And start embodying the energy. So desire isn't wrong but it must be paired with action and faith. And that is the thing that they need to learn.

So believing, that part requires a bit of training. I'm going to give you the gist of it so that they know how to align. The third one, your level three is about power.

And power means control. So the natural tendency is always about wanting to control how things work. And this is a challenge for them because they want to force outcomes.

They need the outcomes to happen the way they want it to happen. And so naturally these people are doers, they are achievers, they are hustlers. Oh I hustle.

I make things happen. They can manifest through willpower. Yes they can.

But they must learn, the spiritual lesson here is they must learn to receive. They must need to let go of the belief that everything requires enormous effort. And once they understand that ease, that letting things happen is not laziness, they are aligned.

Okay? And so that's the level three. Alright? Those at level four, connection. There's a tendency, the natural tendency is to be, to please and to overgive.

To please other people. So they manifest love and cooperation quite easily. Right? They're quite connected but they also absorb other people's energies.

They absorb how people feel. And this might dim their own energies, their own light. Right? So that could be the problem.

And to overcome this, their spiritual lesson has to, they must learn how to set energetic boundaries. And so when they learn that, they will be able to manifest the outcome through others, instead of focusing on vibrating truthfully or authentically or connecting to other people to feel other people's pain. It will be very different.

Okay? And those at level five is about growth. Right? The natural instinct is to overanalyze things and self-improve endlessly. They are the perpetual students.

Rarely celebrating how far they've come and achieved. They don't take stock. Right? Hard to appreciate self.

That's the problem. And so they must practice completion energy. Recognizing moments of being enough.

And that's the spiritual lesson. I'm being brief here. I'm just telling you how to level up.

In case you are in that level, how do you overcome it? And those at level six, they think they are naturally intuitive. Right? They drift. They over-trust the signs.

And sometimes they lose grounding. So they become fairies. Oh, you know, I feel the energy.

I feel healing energy. I feel disruptive energy. So they are deeply intuitive but they can escape into what we call spiritual bypassing.

They're always waiting for the divine to show them signs. Now, what these people need is anchoring. They need to anchor their intuition in action.

And that's part of the spiritual training. Okay? And then there's level seven, which they think, wow, I'm at the highest level. So at the highest level, it's probably too detached and they become above it all.

There's a superiority complex. So they will sometimes reject material goals and sometimes they will reject human needs. They are too into, alright, I'm above all this.

I'm in that spiritual path. I'm in that path of purification. I'm going to purify everything.

Right? So, it can be like that. So there's a kind of like a self-isolation. You're still living on earth, you know.

And no point being that divine, holy being, right? Well, it's nice to be that but you still live on earth. You still have needs, right? So you've got to remember embodiment, that being human is part of being divine. You should write this down.

Being human is part of divine. And manifesting for them means bringing soul purpose into physical world. That's what they need to learn.

Alright? And of course then there's the Tao level, right? They are beyond striving but they may also lose motivation or interest in doing because there's a neutral level. So, ah, no need to do, I'm in this peaceful life, you know. So they sort of like, oh, I don't need to be rich, I'm happy, right? The rich people are not happy.

No. You need to re-engage in playfulness. That part of being spiritual is about being playful and being happy too.

It's about loving the experience as a human being. How many of you agree with that type of one? Yeah? So now, this is a simple way, right? Of course, you can go deeper into this master blueprint, right? I'm just giving that general outlook now. Now, remember stage 2 is to amplify your universal command.

Alright? Amplify that universal command. And to do this when we are commanding, when we say we want to initiate a command, remember there are three things. You take note of this, yeah? Alright? First of all, you know that there are certain, if you go for higher star levels, alright, you can do that.

Second way is to use constellations. The third way is to use special treatment structures. This is why treatment manifesting is unique.

Okay? So take note of this. Higher star levels, constellations, and special structures. You will notice that the guided manifesting that I refer for you, I always refer to the level of the deity.

Okay? And I try to use level 6 and level 7 most of the time. And then I will choose certain constellations. And then I'll, and sometimes I will even choose the specific treatment structures.

And here's how it works, alright? By looking at these star levels right here. Okay? So this is a sample of a day chart. And you see, like here, you have a level 6 chief right here in the southwest.

And then you have a level 3 snake, level 2 phoenix, level 4 earth, level 5 night heavens. This is the day chart. And you see the day chart.

Most of the time we do manifesting is the day chart. Most of the time. Okay? Only at a higher level we use the hour chart.

And so, you may ask me, which one should I be using? For all beginners, use day chart. And when you're more advanced, use hour chart. How do you know you're ready? Well, you know when you know.

Right? When you're more familiar with Qimen, when you have further training, then you should use the hour chart. But for all beginners, the day chart is more than enough. Okay? So, now what happens is, this is how Qimen manifesting works.

Guys, pay attention. So we look at, so we look at where our wealth palace is. Let's say our destiny chart.

Here's an example. Right? So this is the Qimen destiny chart. I want you to look for wealth palace.

Okay? So there is a difference. Now the confusion usually, when people say, oh I'm confused, I'm confused, I'm confused. That is because Qimen charts look alike.

And there are some that is based on the data book which is called the Qimen destiny chart. And there are some that is based on the day which is called the Qimen day chart. Alright? I like to color code them.

So if you see this color, this is called the Qimen destiny. Usually there's one red label right here that says your destiny palace. And then the other labels, you will see where your other palaces are.

So in this case here, you see in this example here, zoom in. On your Qimen destiny chart, the one that is plotted by your date and time above. You see where the wealth palace is for example.

This one is in northeast. And so, when you look at the day, so this is an example of the day chart. And it so happens to be on the day chart that there's a seven star chief entering into the northeast.

You see that? So now when you overlap northeast with the seven, level seven chief to your chart which is in the northeast where you have your wealth palace, we call this the level seven chief entering wealth palace. Your wealth palace. So now, take a wild guess guys.

What do you think is most suitable for such a day for you to manifest? Wealth. Correct. You guys are super brilliant.

Very smart. Okay? So now you know where the level seven chief has entered to your wealth palace. Yes, I'm going to say that.

Yes, you're backing the northeast means you are in your own Qimen wealth palace. Yes, we'll come to that. But what I'm saying is on this day, when you issue a command for manifesting wealth, your chances of success is very high because the energies align with your wealth palace and you are commanding or manifesting an outcome that is related to wealth.

Did you get the idea here? Okay? So that's what it means. Yeah? So that's utilizing the star levels. Method one.

Method number two. What's method number two? 28 constellations. 28 constellations.

Okay? Now the 28 constellations are what we call cosmic energy. All forms of date selection. All forms of date selection in Chinese metaphysics utilizes the 28 constellations.

Okay? So this is super important. In fact, the stars that you see in the skies are just different names. Right? The constellations in the skies are the same for everybody on Earth.

It's just they have different names. So the 28 constellations are also known as the 28 lunar mansions. It's in fact, we call it cosmic energy that is related to that specific date.

So now of course, this is a long, long topic here. I will have to summarize the learning here. So on a day chart, you will see these boxes here.

Can you see it? Yeah? These here are called the 28 constellations of the day. So when you look at your Qimen Manifesting Calendar, do you know the Qimen Manifesting Calendar, guys? This one. Right? The Qimen Manifesting Calendar, the pages look like this.

Yeah? Just bring up a page here. Yeah? So this is today's chart, by the way. All right? So this is the calendar.

Now we have a sample already sent out to you so you can see that. If you don't know where it is, don't scream. Don't scream.

Just ask politely. All right? Can I just say this? We only have a few people, our team, they work tirelessly at this time of the night trying to answer your questions. The last thing they want is a screaming student.

Can everyone here type be kind? Yes. Thank you so much. Thank you.

All right? And we have no choice but to kick away the rude people, all right? Okay. So be kind. If you don't know where it is because you missed the previous lessons, there's somewhere in your telegram and whatever emails we've sent it before.

All right? So, okay. Now, the 28 constellations. Now how do you see that? Now I'll give you a simple summary here.

These are the 28 constellations. It's divided to green dragon group, the black tortoise group, the white tiger, red phoenix. So you know when metaphysics always say green dragon, white tiger, red phoenix, and black tortoise, well they are actually constellations in the skies.

Okay? So here's the thing. Here's the shortcut for you guys to learn this. The green dragon group, which consists of horn, neck, foundation, house, heart, tail, and basket constellations.

These seven of them really facilitates your wish fulfilling. Almost all creation that you want to manifest, that you want to command for a certain reality to come, using any of these seven usually gets you the outcome. Okay? Heart, tail, basket, neck, horn, especially your constellation of horn to dispel negativity, to remove illness, to remove problems.

Horn is great for it. Okay? So each of these has a special ability but you can't go wrong with the green dragon group. This group.

Got it? Okay? I'm gonna keep things simple for now. Alright? There will be other workshops and lessons that go deeper into the 28 constellations but right now you're just beginners so we'll start with this. Alright? So for example, if you have chief in your destiny palace, if on a day where you have a green dragon constellation arriving.

Now for example, if your destiny palace is in the northeast. Doesn't matter what deity you have. But on a specific day where you see the horn and the chief.

This is a day chart by the way. This purple one here is the day chart. On a specific day, the horn and the chief enters into the northeast.

That means you have a horn constellation together with chief entering into your destiny palace. That's a great day for manifesting. Okay? You don't have to do manifesting every day but if this is the day that you want to be manifesting career, your wealth, or something about your future.

Remember destiny palace talks about rewriting the future? Well if you wanna do that, this is a great day for it because there's a green dragon constellation as well as the chief entering into your destiny palace. So yes, the formality is backing to your destiny palace which in this case is northeast. So guys, when you look at your daily charts, every day, as long as you have different palaces, you could manifest different things.

And the topic is usually related to the type of palace that you are focusing on. There's family, there's health, there's karmic palace, there's wealth palace, there's property palace and so forth. You see where I'm going with this? How many of you understand the drift here? Type of one.

Yeah? You understand, right? I'm giving you the big picture. This is called based on the 28 constellations which is method number 2. Got it? Let me give you one more example just in case. So here, in this case here, you have the destiny palace in the east sector.

Alright? And then you have on a certain day, this is the day chart, that's the foundation constellation entering to the east. Great. And foundation is part of the green dragon group.

And then you have chief. green dragon group is a group, there's a question here, right? Green dragon, it's not the green dragon star, it's a green dragon group of constellations. There's 7 of them.

Okay? So, in my charts, you can see that there's a logo, there's a picture of a dragon right in the bottom. So if you see this picture, zoom in guys, zoom in. Yeah? You see this little logo here below the word foundation, this little picture, this icon, that's the dragon.

So you see any of these guys entering into a palace of significance, right? Any of the health for example, family or whatever you're manifesting, it's a pretty good time to do, manifest that specific subject. Okay? So every day, there's a certain usage. Alright? You get it, right? Now the third way, which is one of my favourite ways to do it, but this takes a bit more time to learn, it's called Special Qimen Structures.

It's called Special Qimen Structures, guys. Alright? Now let me explain what they are. Special Qimen Structures such as that's the top tree, we call it the Precious Tree.

Sam Po, Sam Po is the Precious Tree. The first one here is called Qing Long Fan Shao, the Green Dragon Returns. This is the one of the most famous Qimen formations, Qing Long Fan Shao.

Which means all in favour of you. Everything, the universe conspires to work in favour of you. As long as you desire, you take the action, you win.

This is a winning formation. The second one, I'll go deeper into it, let me explain. The second one is called Fei Liu Tit Yue, Flying Bird Fall Into Cave.

Fei Liu Tit Yue. Shortcut called Flying Bird. Okay, this is where opportunities land on your lap.

They just come to you. These are the most favourable formations. These first two.

First one is what? Green Dragon Returns. Qing Long Fan Shao. You can get this.

You're 90% winning. Fei Liu Tit Yue means somehow the opportunity lands. This is about opportunities.

The third one is called Yuk Lui Sau Mun, The Jade Maiden Guarding the Door. Jade Maiden Guarding Door formation. Jade Maiden Guarding Door allows you to turn a dire situation or a disadvantaged situation into a positive outcome.

It's strategically turning things around. It's turning the bad situation into something good. So it's one of the most favourable formations as well.

Yuk Lui Sau Mun, No evil can attack you in these three formations. We call this Sam Po. Alright? The Three Precious in Qimen.

But they're not all of it. There are other powerful formations such as Real Deception, Double Deception, Nobility Deception, Double Deception. One of my favourites is when, you know, in this world, there are some people who are jealous of you who really want to cause harm.

I mean, not everyone is like that. Do you agree there are some people out there that are not exactly, you know, the most kindest? Yes. Right? They send negative energies to you.

I'm not saying everybody knows that. There's a small percentage of people who are jealous. And jealous people is like, is this how it works, right? Jealous people is like, not only that you have something that they don't have.

That's just 50% of it. The other 50% is, you remind them of the goals that they originally wanted to achieve and they couldn't and then they felt the pain and they put the blame on you. So that's why they're jealous.

Okay? So they want to do what you can do but because they didn't do it and you're ahead of them and they now want to bring you down to their level. Those are the jealous people. And sometimes they take action and they send negative energy.

Their ill intention is what caused this problem. It's quite, sometimes it's possible especially when you have a low period of your life and your energy level is a bit lower. It is possible for jealous enemies to take advantage and take some of your energy.

That requires a different process of achievement to protect yourself. We call it consecration technique. How many of you are interested in learning that? Maybe in part 4 I can address a little bit about this.

You've got to remind me because I'm a bit off track right now but that's how it works in a class. Consecration. Type in on consecration.

If I remember this we'll talk about it in part 4. Anyway. So double deception is when someone sends you negative energy you return twice the negative back to them plus interest. That's the power of double deception.

How many of you need this formation right now in your life? That you want to return all this evil back to them. You don't want to harm them but since they send it to you you'll double it up and send it back to them. How many of you would like to do that for some bad people that really really is trying to take you down? Only a small percentage of bad people will do that.

Alright? So this is how special formations work. There's nobility deception there's you have Empyrean force Empyrean force right? Where all the heavenly matters favour you blessings that come right? Then there's terrestrial force we call this mastering the opportunities in environment then there is mortal force yang ton getting people to support you so many different formations in Qimen these are some of them alright? Dragon force tiger force mystic force phantom force wind force and cloak force we call this gau ton gau ton is nine dun so Qimen dun jia the word dun relates to this as in special formations the nine cosmic forces deploy any of them to win in any pursuit that you want and how do you do that? Well part 3 is about special Qimen structures that you wait for this timing on the day or the hour that lands a specific area of your Qimen destiny chart okay? so how do you do that? well how many of you would like to learn how to do this? alright okay here's a simple way alright? I'm gonna show you there's a hard way and easy way which one you prefer? hard or easy? type type type nah you cheeky fella you want both ya? alright which one you want? come on you want easy okay naturally most people want easy except for some doofus here who was on the hard way but I'll teach you the hard way first alright? so the hard way is that you need to first understand what forms a green dragon return formation so a green dragon return formation the hard way is you need to recognize that there is a jia and ping formation the stem jia ping every time you see a jia ping on the chart you will see dragon return so whenever you see jia and ping jia is usually where the chief is there chief that means when chief is on the side that means jia is hidden on this box that's why you see a small tiny jia and below is ping you will see green dragon return okay? so that is the more official way that you have to plot the chart you see that then you will get this outcome now there is a slightly easier way that you could see this right? so generally you just flip the 365 achievement 365 calendar or any achievement charts for that matter now this format that you see is unique to the JobyUp school I know that there is some bootleg versions of that out there right? but if they don't follow this they are missing the point right? if they follow then they are bootleg for me right? because I'm the one that created this jia so if you turn to this page for example right? this is the day chart page look at part 4 and you will see that that is the hour hour box right? so if you zoom into the hour box it will tell you exactly which hour has special formations and you will see that the green dragon return it will say here right? GD green dragon in the west in the ping wu hour when you see ping wu which is firehorse hour and then you have ping wei which is 1pm to 3pm you will also see the west has green dragon return for that specific hour so it saves you time right? straight away you know that and in fact you will know straight away that there is a flying bird formation in the north between 7pm to 9pm in the north saves you a lot of time alright? so this is the thing okay where to get the manifesting calendar we'll talk about that later now do what you have you can do the hard way learn to plot the chart by hand right? or use the software look at the day charts and see where it is or there is a shortcut okay? either way it's achievable alright? just don't be lazy laziness costs money okay? there's a price to pay for being lazy alright? okay or there's an even easier way super super easy how many of you already have access to the achievement explorer? order cancelled this is special for those who have already got access to the achievement explorer how many of you got that? nice alright cool Melissa Nicole Rachel Olivia Bennett you got access alright did you know that there's a function? you didn't know? alright let me show you let me show you alright so here's the function right? so there's a function here on strategies click on strategies alright there's a button here strategies okay? again some of you I know it's locked that's because you didn't upgrade to that level there is an opportunity for you to do that if you want if not then just listen first for now alright? come on gotta be fair I gotta talk to those who already have it alright? so those who have access to it you obviously sign up for this level then you get that click on the strategies and you see on the calendar here this is the calendar page right? and you go to the structure and just run your mouse to what you want green dragon return for example alright click green dragon return and then which palace do you want to see it in your chart? so once you identify the palace that you want to see in your chart alright? for example your career palace you want to see when does a green dragon return enter your career palace you click enter voila it will highlight the dates in that specific month when that specific formation will enter your career palace easy easy easy okay? so in fact you have all the formations what you need to do is just learn what formation does what and then have your own calendar prepared and you know exactly which date to manifest for what outcomes right? you can have specific formations for your health for specific formations for selling a property whatever it is it's all there that's what it means alright? so that's the shortest way is to use the explorer alright? let my team know if you're interested in taking the next step further right? how because the software requires some learning as well you gotta learn how to use QMEN first right? because software just makes the chart plotting easy but you still have to learn QMEN so what I've just covered here guys alright? I'm gonna move along here are the three ways to amplify your universal command that's how you do manifesting okay? now are you ready for the next lesson? let's go deeper alright? because the core of this training is to write the perfect QMEN command alright? so let's get to that point alright? okay? are we getting there? tell me what you guys are good alright? I'm gonna take a sip of water yeah? okay so how do you write the perfect QMEN command? so it requires five steps there are five steps to this ready? okay here they are the first one is activate define amplify secure and seal five steps to activate means you need to open up the connection okay? you will notice that we do this even in the cleansing command right? to connect to and open the connection to the energies without this part you can't successfully manifest that's not a good command number two is when you define and program the reality that you want what is it that you want to rewrite? and then you need to amplify it a little bit right? you gotta expand and reach out to what's the new level right? and then you gotta lock in the energies alright? you gotta be the energy that's securing and finally you need to close the energy field and claim the completion so it's a five step process okay? now each one of this can be broken down to deeper levels but I just want to show you how this generally works out alright? so a bad example let's start with a bad example so here's a bad example of manifesting command right? so here's it listen to the bad version first here's your command right? a bad version I really hope the universe and the chief deity can help me attract money soon please give me money things have been slow and I'm getting tired of struggling please let some good opportunities show up for me maybe a new client or someone who wish to invest in my business I'm open to anything that will make my life easier and help me earn what I deserve I know abundance is possible for me if it's meant to be maybe the universe will bless my efforts and remove any blocks that are stopping me from being successful thank you universe for all the blessings that are coming my way thank you you will get nothing out of this it's not a command it's just a wish okay? in fact nothing will come out of that maybe if you do it a million times something might come out but definitely not so how should you do it? you need to follow the five steps first you need to activate so activate means what? instead of saying that I wish I hope the universe and the chief they did say this I command the chief to mobilize all forces of prosperity and expansion within my field leadership clarity and decisive moment awaken in me now I command I activate I connect or I command a connection to the void constellation the basket constellation the heart constellation command it activate it so you're going to address the energies that are on that chart that lands onto your destiny palace your day chart or that achievement chart okay then you need to define so instead of saying you know things have been slow I'm getting tired of struggling please let some good opportunities show up for me you're gonna say every opportunity that builds my wealth reveals itself with precision and timing perfect in my favor and ideas shall translate into strong results and actions attract aligned partnerships and profitable outcomes as of now okay and then you go to amplify you're gonna say my influence expands naturally and chief you should help me expand my world to reach to the right people to the right markets and the right spaces and the more I lead the more value multiplies around me that's amplify okay and then you need to secure you don't want to say oh may the universe bless my efforts and all that or remove any blocks no you're saying chief you should make all income streams grow consistent compounding and reliable wealth anchors firmly under my command supporting freedom stability and my family's comfort and in return I should do more for society I should expand career for other people and I'll do more for others than they can do for themselves now do you have the law of equivalent exchange here that's how you secure the deal because you're making a payment remember alright and finally you got to seal the deal you say you know I full command of this creation and what I said is active and expanding this reality is grounded and prosperous and complete and so it is that's closing the command okay so it's super important that you realize that there's always an activating the first part there's always a defining there's always amplifying there's always secure secure means you're going to lock it in by law of equivalent exchange what are you exchanging for this okay remember the gap the maximum price you're willing to pay alright it's pretty much this and then you seal the deal you close the command with clarity and presence no leaks no waiting and shit alright this is important you got to get this that's right alright so for activating never say because guys pay attention here guys are you following me so far type of one Juan Miguel yeah you good type of one still following still here should I continue yeah okay so the purpose of activating is to open the field and summon and connect the deity energies and the constellations so you cannot say please do not even say the word please don't say the word I hope alright so maybe this don't say that and don't ever forget to call the deity's energies you command it okay there's no begging you do not need to plead the moment you plead it's end game for you game over because you don't beg your heart to beat you do not beg your kidneys to work you do not beg your liver to do your detox for you it just works because it's part of you okay you do not do oh please liver detox please heart continue to beat no it's just part of you alright how often have you thanked your left hand for functioning right will it like just swinging around oh no it's out of control my left hand is out of control what should I do no you're in control right you don't beg your left hand or your right hand do shit you just work you expect it to work alright your manifestation should be part of that alright the energy field does not respond to begging or doubt just know that that's the thing alright now you cannot use words like I want to I will have or soon right you're mixing too many ones that's you put it too much in the future alright and so your energy flows where attention goes you must remember that so focusing on lack will always keep lack active so you cannot define it that way alright so amplifying means you cannot control the how right you cannot control you cannot force a sail now that's wrong alright you cannot say I need this fast or I will fail you cannot do that right because over control blocks the heavenly energies to orchestrate faster logic faster than your logic can okay so you don't want to control the outcome just expand the outcome that's what you should do alright and when I say secure you gotta mention alright to I gotta pay for this right secure means I'm paying for it so you pay through exchange of energy the law of equivalent exchange says you gotta give something to get something so what will you do usually if you're gonna help someone with your time resources and money that's why a lot of spiritual places they take donations and after you feel you donated you feel really good because you have an exchange some people cannot donate they buy flowers they bring fruits right they light a candle well that's sort of exchange of energy alright not always lighting a candle works but it's a form of exchange of energy but sometimes it's through the faster way is through actions through actually doing something alright and of course you gotta seal the deal by not don't do emotional fluff like oh thank you universe please make this happen I believe it will come you're the greatest ever alright listen the divine energy is not susceptible to your false praise alright this is you don't praise the wave right the current is gonna work whatever right the wind is gonna blow anyway regardless of whether you're praying to the wind or the rain right so gratitude before commission dilutes authority alright so this is very important so what you're trying to say is basically you affirm it right you have positive anticipation moving forward by awakening to the new that's what you need to do alright so this is in a nutshell the perfect command right so you remember the steps once again activating define amplify secure what's secure once again the law of equivalent exchange and then you seal the deal okay so that is how you write this out so here's another example say oh I will manifest the right relationships you know please universe bring me someone who truly loves me I'm so lonely I'm tired of being alone I'm meeting the people who doesn't appreciate me I just want someone kind, stable and loyal please the ones before I hope the right person might find me quickly because I'm ready to settle down I let them see my worth and treat me right this time and I believe I deserve love and I'm open to whatever the universe wants from me listen this is wishful thinking and you will never get that outcome so how do you get the outcome well first you activate command six harmony I command the six harmony to activate the alignment of partnership and love within my field of influence I command the six harmony together with the horn constellation or foundation constellation whichever is in your chart to activate my energy field and radiate clarity warmth and confidence