Oh nice, thank you so much for joining us once again. And this is our part four, the final part of our Achievement Manifesting Framework training. You guys having a great time here? Type of one if you guys are having a great time.

Okay, now I have of course looked through the, so many channels right, the Facebook group, Telegram groups and I hope you guys have been participating as well. I mean some of you guys, I mean all over the place right, Facebook group, Telegram channels, some are logging to my Instagram channel and tagging me as well, that's really awesome. Yeah so, so much to cover right, so much to cover and I also seen some of your questions. 

Let me see if I can go through some very quickly. Okay, all right and anyway this is our summary of our four parts once again. Just in case now, I assume that you guys have, were with me and my team from part one, which started on 22nd of October until today, which is the final part right. 

But if you have missed everything, every day I send out a summary right, I send a summary of the, every time after we finish one of our trainings. Did you guys actually see that summary? Type of one if you did. It's sent on email okay, it's sent on email and I wish to say this very clearly, we send email to everybody, nobody is left out. 

But if you did not receive it, it is 100% your spam okay, because our system is automated. The moment I did the video, we just send it out. Unless of course you registered last minute, then it might take a little bit of time. 

But yes, everybody receives the email, so I would suggest that you look through your spam filter, because we send that through all right. Okay, so today is the co-creating destiny right, this is the part after you finish the perfect command and co-creating destiny. This is what we're going to talk about, mastering the art of reality bending and engineering the outcomes consciously and cosmically for a better life.

Okay, yes Samuel. All right, nice. Ella, thank you. 

Now, oh yes, I need to of course congratulate all of you guys, those of you who have taken the leap of faith. A couple of days ago when me and my team announced the, there is a new training program that we're going to announce at the end of today. Yeah, and you guys should listen to it, because it's super cool. 

I mean, you guys don't even know the full enrollment package yet, but you know, you took that leap of faith and joined us. And by the way, did you enjoy the special session that we had on the special training? Good, thank you so much. It was great to see you guys there.

Now, let's give a big shout out to all the newest members who jumped in, and that decision was huge guys. So, thank you so much. You didn't just join a training program, you guys joined a movement, and you made that leap, and you unlock your next level. 

And you are not going to do this alone, because breakthroughs follow behavior, and momentum always follows action, and energy and response to boldness. So, you guys are definitely in for a treat. Later on today, I will be talking about what is that new enrollment, new training program that I think will be totally transformational. 

And here's a short summary of it. Whatever I am going to disclose at the end of our training today is for the next level up. Again, I know some of you are not going to join it. 

It's fine, but learn as much as you can, because I truly believe in helping you first. And some of you guys, this is not your first time attending one of my free events, right? And you're here for the third time, fourth time, and that's why you're ready to enroll, because you have experienced the transformation. So, we give a lot to our community. 

And for those who are ready to take the next step, well, this will be a great time to take that next step at the end of our training today. Okay? Right. So, make sure you stay tuned to the end, and I will be super excited to hear what we have in store for you this coming year. 

Now, I want to begin today's training by talking about this object here. This object is called the Rosetta Stone. You know what the Rosetta Stone is, guys? Have you seen it? I believe this is in the London, the British Museum. 

I went there and had a look at it. It's not a very big stone, but it's very unique. Here's the thing, right? Many, many, many years ago, right, when people went to Egypt, and they looked at all these wordings, the hieroglyphics, they have no idea what this hieroglyphics mean, because this language had, like, totally disappeared, right? So, people don't know what it means. 

You see all these graphics, and what do they actually say, right, in these pyramids and all that. Until one day in 1799, they found this stone. And on this stone, it's written the hieroglyphics. 

At the same time, there was the Demotic language, as well as the Ancient Greek language. Now, while many people don't understand, no one understood the hieroglyphics, but some understood the Ancient Greek language. And because they understood the Greek language, and some Demotic language, with them, the scholars were able to decode, to reverse engineer, to decode the Ancient Egyptian language, the hieroglyphics, and therefore unlock the lost language and the wisdom of that ancient civilization. 

Now, this stone today is called the Rosetta Stone, and symbolically, it represents a key to translation between worlds. If you ever visit the British Museum, you should go and have a look at it. And this represents the visible and the hidden, the known and the mysterious. 

And it turned mystery into understanding, bridging human interlang with these divine symbols. Now, guys, you following me so far? How many of you have been to the British Museum? Have you seen the Rosetta Stone? You should, next time you're there, right? Now, just as the Rosetta Stone decoded language, Qimen Dunjia, the system that you guys are learning today, decodes energy and destiny. Qimen represents a key to translation between realms, and it's the cosmic, it's kind of like the cosmic Rosetta Stone, translating heaven, earth, man, and spirit energy into actionable insights. 

Think of it this way, right? And through Qimen, we could interpret the unseen patterns shaping our reality, the energetic script of the entire universe itself. And that's what we're going to be talking about today, Qimen as a tool for co-creating destiny. So today, I'm going to be talking about that blueprint of an extraordinary life. 

How many of you here would like an extraordinary life, type of me right now? So what's an extraordinary life, right? What's this extraordinary life? What's your opinion, Michelle? Mei Lin? Mei Fang? What's your opinion of this extraordinary life? Well, for me, an extraordinary life would entail at least three things. Number one, unshakable clarity. I think this is important. 

The ability to act, ability to do things, to have courage, to pursue greatness, or a great life, or to claim what our divine has given us, requires unshakable clarity. How many of you agree with this? Number one, relationships will get better as a result of clarity, right? Your career, your wealth will become much better, your entire being becomes better because of clarity. So this is one thing, an extraordinary life begins with unshakable clarity. 

If you can see sharply, you could decide swiftly and accurately, you could turn direction into, I mean, if you want it, million-dollar results. Now, a funny thing I see that day, you guys, you know, I always read back the chat because the chat moves too fast, yeah? And it's not just the chat, the chat is also on our Facebook and our Telegram. Sometimes I go there and participate and answer after the event, but I read a lot of the comments and some of you are like, oh, you know, because JY said manifesting within the realm of possibility, you mean Qimen cannot manifest millions? The answer is yes, of course it can. 

I mean, I've done it in my life, but not immediately when I learned Qimen. It takes a bit of time, a bit of patience, right? You got to master the basics. So that's why I recommend start small, but of course you could manifest big things, of course, okay? And as you become more confident, as I became more confident with using Qimen over the years, my results in life become better and better. 

There are a lot of people who've seen my growth as well. How many of you have known me or known of me in the early 2000s? Some of you here? Yeah. Eric, oh, you've been to my class, which one? 2007. 

Oh, nice. Okay. Well, welcome back. 

You guys? Yeah. Juan, right? You've been to one at USA San Francisco. All right. 

So you've seen my growth as well, right? So whatever I'm sharing with you are my own experience. These are all my own experience in using metaphysics. I believe in using it myself, and I truly use it for myself, my family, my close friends. 

So what I'm sharing with you are experiences that I found to work. And I think that the first thing for an extraordinary life begins with clarity. What do you really want? Right? And the second thing, guys. 

You guys following the second thing? Okay. Spiritual wealth. Now, wealth you could achieve through courage and all that, but spiritual wealth is a bit different. 

Those days when I first started, I'm not that into this spiritual thing, because I didn't understand it when I was younger, right? In my early 20s, I did. I became a little bit more spiritually inclined in my, after my mid-30s until now. So when I first started, I wasn't like that. 

I was like, oh, you know, I'm not this into this airy-fairy things. When I first began that, at that time, I didn't understand what spiritual really meant. Spiritual wealth is the ability to stay grounded under chaos and become unbreakable, peaceful, and powerfully magnetic. 

How many of you agree with this type of one? Now, this is something very important for you guys, okay? See, the thing is this, right? I have met people who are rich, okay? Billionaires. But some of these billionaires, they have a billion dollars, but their spiritual wealth is zero. A billion times zero is zero.

How many of you resonate with this? Yet, I have met people who, spiritually wise, they have spiritual wealth. If you have spiritual wealth, a billion. But you only have one dollar.

You can too become a spiritual billionaire. And it begins from there. That's the spectrum.

Wealth, spiritual. You might not have a lot on physical wealth right now. Maybe just 100, 200, even 1,000. 

But if you could increase your spiritual wealth, this, remember, a billion times one, it's a billion, okay? That's the formula. So, while you want to work on a physical material wealth, but while you increase your spiritual wealth, this part of your life also increases. How many of you agree with this and resonate with this type of me right now? Excellent. 

Great, okay? You got to claim it, okay? So, this formula, remember that, okay? Now, the third thing I think for an extraordinary life that you want to use to achieve is magnetic influence. Radiate certainty, charm, earn trust instantly, attracting opportunities without chasing. You know, it's very tiring to chase. 

How many of you agree with this type of me right now? Angela, Jessica, yeah, Fiona, thanks for coming back. All right. Yeah? So, these three things, right? Magnetic influence. 

So, yeah, you like the spiritual wealth part, right? Yeah, spiritual wealth. You can work on both, right? I just want to emphasize this. You can work on both. 

While you can chase material wealth, but if you chase spiritual wealth as well, this can amplify the other, okay? Now, what's stopping you? We discussed this before, I think in part two of our training, and it's a very important part too. Hopefully, you have got the gold pass and you're watching the replays, right? There's a lot to learn. How many of you agree that we covered a lot of things, right? We covered a lot of things.

So, it's good to re-watch the replays and the gold pass, all right? Now, I actually did a poll. Guys, can you put up the poll? Yeah? Yeah, we talked about this before. What holds you back? What holds you back, right? Whatever you need to succeed, those three things I told you, you already have it at some point. 

It's a question of why are you being held back? Well, the first one is false identity. A lot of people living as a version that other people expect them to. Not themselves, right? I mean, just look at the younger generation, right? I mean, especially in Asian culture, they get married because their parents or grandparents pressure them, right? And then, they actually don't fall in love with the real person that they truly like. 

Arranged marriage, right? I mean, some is good. They check the parts, of course, but if they didn't, right? Think about it. Or they're living a life that's not theirs.

And then, there are unquestioned beliefs, following old stories that no longer fit. That's something that holds them back. For some people, it could be, I mean, which one resonates with you? Go ahead and type this, yeah? Some people are staying small for the comfort of other people, those that we call this emotional loyalty. 

They know they're meant for greatness, but they have to stay small because they don't want to hurt other people. There are some who are like that, right? So, you're being held back. And then, some people, there's a chasing certainty over growth. 

They do the same old, same old because they felt safer and more in control. And they keep delaying being better or growing because they felt more safe doing the same thing. How many resonate with this? And of course, here's the thing. 

There's the biggest problem, biggest invisible chain. We talked about this before. Overthinking. 

Waiting for the perfect moment for clarity before acting. Waiting and waiting and waiting, waiting for them to be ready. This is the worst. 

I mean, I'm guilty of this as well. But over the years, I've become much better. I like to think a lot.

Sometimes, I cannot sleep, thinking, thinking of stuff. How many have this issue? And then, self-doubt. Second-guessing when you're already ready, but you still second-guess yourself all the time. 

So, that could be an issue. Sometimes, the number one killer. How about comparisons? Measuring your worth by other people's timelines. 

Oh, other people are getting this already, but I'm at this age. I'm still not there yet. That comparison kills people.

And then, there's guilt and regret, right? Carrying the weight of the past. Wow, this is all the trauma, trauma, traumatized by other people, traumatized by this, traumatized by that. Look at this. 

I'm traumatized, I'm traumatized. You know, I'm in so much trauma. It's time to cleanse in. 

And by the way, a lot of people experience great transformation from the cleansing. But there's also a bunch of people who question the cleansing. Like, oh, did I sit correctly? Did I face correctly? Did I do it correctly? Do I do this correctly? You see, that is the very thing that you need to cleanse. 

But here you are. Did I sit with this correctly? Did my hands correct? Or do I did this correctly? Or should I do it correctly? That is what we want to get rid of. That doubt. 

They hear it, but they didn't hear it as in internalize it. So, this is the thing that you need to cleanse. So, maybe you need more cleansing.

Oh, but I don't know if I'm doing it correct. Listen, even if it's not 100% correct, even so, it's 80% good enough, right? You watch the thing twice or three times, it's fine, right? So, that's the thing that we're trying to get rid of. And I mean, that's just a cleansing ritual.

Imagine you're doing this in your career. Every day, second-guessing yourself. Everything doubting. 

Everything you doubt. Your business, your work, your relationships. And then you no wonder why your life sucks, right? That's the thing. 

Second-guessing everything. That is the very thing we want to cleanse, right? And before you could cleanse, you doubt, right? Misaligned desire, right? Chasing what looks right instead of what feels true. That could be an invisible chain. 

And finally, there's a disconnection from spirit. Forgetting that life flows through you, not to you. And here's another big issue here, right? Guys, if you're resonating, give me a type of one, right? I need to see if you guys are following, right? Okay. 

Now, I also see there's a lot of question, question, question, question. Am I doing this right? Am I doing this wrong? It would be great if you could listen. Sometimes I ask for a one or yes or me or type simple things just so that I know you're engaged, okay? But when you are saying so many things like you are, when I'm teaching something and you keep asking about a different topic, that's when you are missing out on important points. 

Guys, are you hearing me or are you just busy typing stuff on the chat, right? I've seen this, right? Because I read back the text and, oh, I didn't understand. I didn't get this. This one, you need to slap across the room. 

Sometimes you just listen first. A lot of things can be ironed out later. That's the art of learning and becoming wealthy and becoming successful. 

Go along, move along, okay? Now, spiritual people often reject money because they think or feel it corrupts. There's a lot of spiritual people here, right? But money doesn't change who you are. It amplifies who you are. 

If you're kind, it funds your kindness. If you are conscious, it expands your consciousness. But if you're an asshole, it will make you more of an asshole, okay? So you got to remember this. 

There's a spectrum, right? Guys, can you draw the spectrum out? One side is wealthy, one side is spiritual. Can you see that, okay? Hold this slide up, yeah? Wealthy, make a million, and then one side is spiritual, impact lives, right? So the spiritual one, the impact life, and then this side is wealthy. This spectrum, for some people, is very hard to combine the both, right? So they say, oh, I'm spiritual, but then I'm not rich because I'm very spiritual, right? Some may say, oh, yeah, I'm rich here, but therefore I cannot be spiritual. 

It's not true. This is a spectrum. Money is a storage of value and then help amplifies your world. 

If you want to be spiritually powerful and impact more lives, you have to have the ability to earn. And you cannot see having money as a guilt or negative thing. Now, I say this, not everyone likes that, but those who don't have the money, the moment they talk about money, they become ostrich, you know ostrich? They put their head inside the ground. 

They don't want to talk about money. So every time they go to the shopping mall, they want someone to come with free coffee, oh, free coffee, going to sell me something. Listen, this is important. 

That guy who's trying to sell me some free coffee or whatever, right? This is doing his job. And if you don't, if you reject that, listen, you also need to sell. So why not listen to that? What he has to say is essentially from free coffee. 

But oh, the moment you put up the invisible barrier, you're blocking this. But imagine this, now when you're asking for jobs, now when you're asking for work, you're looking for a job, you're also asking for money. You're also asking to sell, right? You're selling something, but because you keep rejecting it, your entire mind, your soul, your higher dimension, and all your powers that be, from head to toe to below your balls, will not allow you to become someone you dislike. 

Right? It's going to repel. So if you want to sell, you've got to be sold too. It's a yin and yang, right? Just like that. 

You want people to love you, you must also love people. It's a, what do you call this? Yin and yang. You understand what I mean? Right? If you want your kids to love you, you have to do what too? You have to love your kids. 

Isn't it true? No, no, you love me first. Then I don't love you back. Right? It cannot be like this. 

So you got to understand that spectrum, right? The problem with this is that people always get stuck that I'm spiritual and therefore I cannot be like that. I cannot talk money. The moment you, oh, someone is selling me or pitching me, saying, oh, you're bad, you're bad, you're evil. 

Don't do that. Because you are going to sell too. When you convince your husband for something, you're selling him the idea, or you're selling your wife the idea. 

It's just a different thing. You change this word from today. Selling, cancel, write the word influence. 

Influence, you feel more comfortable with the word influence? It's more spiritual and inclined. When you're spiritual, you have to be influential too. Right? Wealthy also are influential people.

Right? So that's how it works. Right? So money guided by consciousness becomes medicine. Write this down. 

Money or wealth guided by spiritual consciousness becomes medicine. It heals systems, empowers people, and accelerates evolution. Once you are open to this, you break the invisible chain and wealth will flow to you.

It's very easy to see. The moment someone says, oh, the thing comes up, block, right? No, because you need to sell too, yin and yang, right? When spiritual people learn to hold wealth with grace, money stops being material and it becomes a multiplier of meaning. Okay? So this is important. 

Yeah? Take note of this because when you want to co-create destiny, the first thing is to take this spectrum, right? And be somewhere in the middle. That's what you need to be. Anyway, guys, don't overthink this. 

Okay? Don't overthink this. You know why I say overthink? Because of this. The majority of the people, this is a poll, by the way, right? The majority of the people overthink. 

This is your answers, guys, by the way. I posted this stuff on Telegram some time ago. Okay? So you're thinking if you have money, it's not spiritual. 

It's not true. Money, it amplifies your ability to impact others and help other people. Okay? So it is your spiritual duty to be wealthier. 

Write this down. It is your spiritual duty to be wealthier, to impact more lives. If you want to help people, that's the way you should go. 

You are more useful to others if you are wealthier. Okay? You got to work harder in yourself than just sitting down and meditating. Your meditating part, okay, yeah, it brings some spiritual thing. 

But inside meditating, I would, you know, I would urge you to manifest instead of just meditate. Okay? Well, meditation is good, but manifesting, in my opinion, is better because it actually puts you into a momentum where you could co-create destiny. You co-create destiny and as you become a better human being, you become happier and the people around you become happier. 

And the environment, the community, your family, everything gets uplifted at the same time. This is the game changer. Okay? Some hard questions for you guys, right? This is important. 

Before I show you the nine powerful protocols that you could use to transform your life or co-create your destiny, first, we need to ask some hard questions, right? Would you rather be a smart, poor person or a rich, dumb person? Go ahead and type this. Now, be honest, all right? Smart, poor person or rich, dumb person. Would you rather be right or be understood? These are important questions.

I think you know where I'm getting to. Okay? Yeah, would you rather be right or be understood? I want you to type the answer. Okay? Participate with me. 

Or would you rather be successful or happy? Or would you rather seek meaning or seek comfort? Seek meaning or seek comfort? And would you rather be authentic and alone or accepted but fake? Okay? Now, the reason I ask you this question is very simple, right? What am I trying to say here? You don't have to be the most intelligent person in the room to be rich, you know. Sometimes you just manifest it, all right? So, it's not that hard. It's just that you have to overcome that blockage in your mind, all right? Some people like to be right or they like to be understood. 

You think about it, right? To be happy, right? You can be happy and successful at the same time, all right? So, there are ways to work around it. I'm just telling you the possibility. I want you to say that yourself. 

I want you to see it yourself, okay? So, everything that you want to manifest, listen to this. This is important. We're getting to these protocols, yeah? Because the moment I talk about protocols, you say I talk too fast, right? I'm giving you the background understanding.

Guys, you're following? Yeah? Colton? Gabriel? Is it Gabriel? Yeah? Ganesh? Yes? Who do you mean? You're following? Good. Everything that you ever wanted must first exist twice. First in your mind and then and only then in the material world.

Write that down. Everything that you want to create exists twice. First in the mind, then in the material world. 

Meaning, if you cannot even entertain the thought in an embracing way, in your mind, you will never be able to have this materialize, okay? So, therefore, when you reject success, reject happiness and reject wealth subconsciously, okay? I don't think you will consciously reject wealth, right? Because when you say, yeah, of course, it'd be nice to be rich. Yeah, yeah. I know the cynical answers, right? Come on, right? The thing is this. 

I'm talking about deep down to the balls level, all right? Meaning deep down into the heart level, right? It's just like very simple. I'll give you a simple test. When you walk down the shopping mall, right? And someone comes to promote something, you straightaway reject because you hate to be sold to. 

When you hate to be sold to, you will never be able to sell. And because you cannot sell, you also cannot generate wealth. That's why people say, oh, I hate selling. 

I feel very uncomfortable selling because you hate being sold to. So, you can't learn this. You can't learn this. 

Now you say, yeah, rich people are all bad people. No, it's not. Don't make that thing up, right? There are a lot of good rich people as well, right? Every business invention or legacy begins as energy shaped by intention. 

Okay? Every business invention or legacy or impact begins as energy shaped by that intention in the first place. Steve Jobs, for example, saw the iPhone before a single part was built. And he visualized the future in two form.

So, that's important. Okay? So, remember, right? If you choose to be a winner, winner visualizes outcomes or see the outcome long before they experience them in the material world. That's spiritual rehearsal. 

That's where you need to deploy your achievement timing. Follow the protocol. You manifest. 

Manifest nothing more than going through this process. Okay? And this isn't just numbers and logic, guys. It's spiritual energy, emotion. 

Think about it. Business is taking your ideas, the invisible world, and generating it out into the material world as solutions for other people. So, business is a spiritual sport. 

Warren Buffett said that. Okay? And you can't outperform your frequency. You attract at the level you think and feel.

You generate the outcome at the level you think and feel. Right? So, some people are faster. Some people are a little bit slower because of all these chains and all this blockage.

Right? That's the thing. They're not comfortable whenever people talk about money. That comfort, you got to be comfortable with money. 

Right? Because, oh, no, it's not good. No, I don't like this. That internal language needs to stop. 

Okay? And you can't outperform your frequency. Remember that. You can't build externally what you haven't constructed internally. 

You should write this down. Guys, are you following? Type of one, if you guys are following. You can't build externally what you haven't constructed internally. 

Okay? Take note of that. So, every decision, deal, and creation begins with this thing called internal belief energy. Not data. 

Right? Internal belief energy. Now, if you are weak at this, you got to go through the achievement protocols, achievement manifesting protocols to build this belief, this type of belief energy. All right? Like, for example, let's just say that you're weak in selling.

Now, you all know that all greatest successful people must have some level of ability to sell, at least to sell the dream and the idea. You're a politician, you need to sell the idea. Right? You're a leader, you need to sell to your followers. 

Right? You're a manager, you need to sell the vision to your team. Now, you say, I don't like to sell because I hate being sold to. That yin and yang doesn't gel. 

So, you got to rebuild that belief energy. Otherwise, there are people like, oh, you're going to be stuck as a grab driver forever. You don't need to sell anything, grab sells for you. 

Yeah, but how are you going to make that great life just doing this? Right? How are you going to get the great life doing small things? Right? And then you feel stuck in there. So, you got to rewire that belief energy, not the data. So, your heaven realm, the mind, right? Now, let me just display the four realms once again. 

The four realms, spirit, heaven, earth, human. Right? Four realms in every achievement chart. There are many different types of achievement charts, by the way. 

You have a year, month, day, hour achievement charts. All the achievement charts in each of the boxes have four realms. The heaven realm are governed by this thing called the nine stars, which I will be talking about. 

I'm just trying to introduce what I'll be talking about today. So, heaven realm. So, heaven realm represents the mind, the thoughts. 

Okay? Inspiration comes from spirit. That's why it's called in spirit, right? Inspiration. And then inspiration inspires the mind. 

That's where the thoughts come from. So, heaven represents the mind. It is your factory of manifesting. 

The body simply executes what the spirit authorizes. So, therefore, success isn't luck alone. It's alignment between these four realms. 

It's alignment between the thought, the energy, and the execution. These four things in the achievement chart. Okay? Now, I know some of you are like, oh yeah, tell me which chart is the best. 

As I said before, if you are beginning, start with the day chart. If you are an advanced user, we will be using the hour charts. Two things, simple as that.

For now, ignore the month chart. Ignore the annual charts for now. Okay? And when you master this inner world, the outer world has no choice but to follow. 

Guys, you good so far? Number one, you guys are good. You following? Okay? Yes? Katrina? Darren? Sean? Clarice? Okay? All right. Now, just in case you're planning for today's session, it's going to be roughly two hours.

I always say it's two hours. Sometimes a little bit longer, two and a half hours. It depends on your questions. 

But stay to the end. Stay to the end. Because I said this in our previous session, there will be some very interesting possibilities of free gifts that you might be interested or might set a chance to get. 

Okay? The first one is the essentials. Can I have the essentials, please? Okay. So this, $500. 

How many of you are interested in getting this for free? This is super cool. Yeah? You got to read all this and you get all the information about the four realms. It's all here. 

Right? And the classic, the most important training. Anyone who wish to ever get started in Qimen? Or how many of you are beginners here? Like, you really want to start this with the right footing and master this art eventually. It's the Qimen Academy Classic Training. 

This is like the full training. Every master who is a master of Qimen today began here. Today, I mean, you should see how many students graduate and walk through the doors of the Qimen Academy. 

Those are really successful today who are Qimen consultants, they're practitioners and they have students of their own. They all begin right here. Okay? Now, also, I want to have a quick announcement. 

There's no unplugged session on Telegram today. There's no unplugged session. But instead, my team has agreed we'll be staying back here on Zoom. 

So if you're here, the official training will end about two hours to two and a half hours and then we're going to stay back. I'm going to set up a very comfortable seat here and then I'll answer all your questions before we end our part four training. How about that? How about that? We're going to just do it this way for you guys. 

Yeah? I know you guys have a lot of questions. For you, this might be your final training with us. For some of you, you're continuing. 

Well, whatever it is, I just want to give my best to you guys. Would that be good? Would that be good for you guys? Okay? I'll try my best to answer as many as possible. All right? So I want to pick just a few questions from the previous training right here, which I think is super important before I move on to the nine protocols. 

Because without understanding, the basic understanding, then you apply the nine protocols, you're going to fuck yourself up royally. All right? See, the nine protocols, it's called protocol for a reason. Because if you mess up the protocol, there are side effects. 

Right? So remember on part one, we said that manifesting, that some people are unconsciously manifesting, because whether you are doing it consciously or unconsciously, you're still manifesting. And you don't want to manifest all this bad stuff for yourself. Right? Like bad luck or downward spiral. 

Right? So you don't want to do that. You have to follow the protocol. All right? Now, one of the biggest questions I think in the last couple of sessions combined together is sector versus direction.

Right? I know you've asked this many times, and I've answered this many times on Telegram and also on Facebook and whatnot in other channels. Let me just address it once and for all. Right? Is it backing the direction or is it sitting in the area? Okay. 

It's kind of like both. Right? So of course, the best ideal way is to back towards the direction. Backing means you're back towards the ideal desired combination. 

When you sit on it, you are it. So it comes from being when you become that combination, you are it. It's different than facing that direction.

Right? So why can't I face the life door and face the chief? Facing means you are not it. It's from the perspective of scarcity. You're looking at it. 

You're not it. Sitting means you are it. Okay? So sitting is important. 

But when you are using some time dimension treatment chart, sometimes I will say in that sector. Right? Because you want to use both sitting and sector at the same time. So a sector is like, let's say the west area has got a certain combination in that particular hour. 

So I walk to the west sector. Now I'm in the west sector, but I particularly want to impact, let's say my soul palace. I know you don't know what a soul palace is, but I'm talking about it today. 

Right? Then you want to back towards the soul palace within the west sector to take whatever in the west sector into my soul palace. See my point? Now, but if I'm not referencing any particular palaces or areas of my life, I just want to use the combination for generic manifesting, then I'll just back west in the west sector. Or I'll just back west anyway. 

Okay? So that's the thing. All right? So I've explained this many times already in some short posting and voice messages. It's just that not all of you heard it at the same time. 

And if you hear it at the same time, because of a lot of internal doubts, people block and filter information. All right? But I've said it many times. I've not said it many times. 

Yeah? Okay. All right. So I'm going to go through a few questions that I think is important. 

But here's the thing. I know a lot of you guys are already advanced and you're impatient and you want to know what's the next thing. Right? But for those of you here who are a little more advanced and more senior, can I have your permission to allow me to help the people who are just beginning? Because these questions are important for them. 

Would it be okay? Right? Let's do something good. Let's build some good karma. Right? We help everybody out. 

Type of one if you guys agree. Okay? All right. Cool. 

I think everybody benefits like this. Yeah? Okay. So this is a common question. 

Right? How do I know if I have affinity with Qimen or Chinese metaphysics as a whole? I'm drawn to it, but still a little bit skeptical. Okay. So here's the thing. 

Right? You've made it to the fourth part. Obviously, you have affinity. Otherwise, you would have given up at the third part. 

We're still here. Right? That's one way. Right? And number two, you got to trust your divine. 

You know, you've been praying for help. You've been subconsciously or consciously praying for solutions in your life. And for some reason, you end up here. 

Maybe this is grace happening for you. Why are you not open to it? You understand my point? And for some of you, you even took the leap of faith. You don't even know why. 

And you took it. There must be some divine hand guiding you. Okay? Now, of course, right? You could doubt everything and say no. 

And then you just stop watching and stop training. Right? Then you have to go on to the same old, same old. Right? Sometimes, you know, life is already happening in your favor. 

And here, one more thing. If you're a chief and you're nine heavens or you're a surging snake and you're still here, I can tell you definitely you're inclined to this metaphysics, especially Chimun. A lot. 

How many of you are chief? Have one. Chief? Chief is connected to most metaphysics in general. Because you really like to help people.

You really feel happy helping people. Right? Sometimes, just do not help yourself. But you're here. 

Not to worry. Nine heavens? How many nine heavens here? Right here. Yeah. 

Why do you resonate with Chimun? Because did you know that Chimun, mythically, came from the lady of the nine heavens? Kau Tien Yuen Loi. Lady of the nine heavens. So, you're learning what you already know.

This is you. And surging snake is called the sorcerer supreme. It's like they're always interested in the occult, the mystery, the esoteric anyway. 

So, they approach it in a different manner, but they like the warcraft part and all that. Right? That's surging snake. Now, not that the other deities are not good. 

It's just that these three, particularly, particularly, you should go and master Chimun. It's your birthright to master Chimun. If you don't do it, after a while, you know, the divine won't bless you anymore. 

Okay? Let me tell you this story. It's so important. So, I read this from Rolling Stone magazine. 

Okay? Rolling Stone magazine. And it's about Michael Jackson. How many of you are fans of Michael Jackson? Yeah? So, Michael Jackson, he said he's inspired and he hears the music, right? I mean, everyone knows that. 

So, he always keep a recorder next to him where in his being. And the moment he hears something, even in the middle of the night, he would record the tune and immediately send that tune, pack it and send it. In those days, there's no email and they will send it to his producers, like almost instantly the next day. 

So, people ask him, right? This is in Rolling Stone magazine. Why you do that, right? Because he said, if I don't do it, then Prince will get it. Prince is the rival at that time for Michael Jackson. 

This is in the early 80s, right? Which is true. You see, inspiration comes to us. You must think of, you know, as a CEO, how many of you are leaders in your own team, in work? You work for other people, right? Okay. 

And if you are the CEO and there are two employees, right? The first employee, every day comes to work, ready to work, always want to take on the next task and can do a lot of good things, right? A lot of good work and it stays back late, make sure things are done. And then there's the other employee, employee B, comes to work a little bit late, goes back a little bit early, never submit their weekly reports, that sort of thing. Now, if you're the CEO, who would you give work to? You would give to the A, first employee, right? Would you give to the B employee? No. 

Then, of course, you think, yeah, but it sucks to be the A person. You always get the job. But here's the thing. 

When there's an opportunity, do you think the CEO will give it to the first employee or the second one? It's always the first one. But most of us live a life being the second one. Now, here's the question.

If God is your CEO, if God is your CEO, and he gives you an idea and inspiration, and you heard it, you go back to sleep, do you think he'll continue to give you? No, he's going to give to the person to act. That's why Michael Jackson was successful. Give you an idea, he writes it down, he immediately plans the song. 

Likewise, inspiration comes like that. And so does grace. And so, when you are gifted, when you have an opportunity, you must take the next step to continue.

This is important. And when you manifest and an opportunity comes, and you don't take action, guess what will happen the next time you try to manifest? No more. The signal becomes weaker and weaker, just like your CEO has lost favour in you. 

That's the difference. Here's another common question. What if I'm not intuitive? Can I still use or read Shimon? Yeah, you follow a structured template, guys, not guesswork. 

Come on. There's a structured way to do this. Intuition is developed through pattern familiarity.

You become familiar with the pattern over time and that's how you get your intuition. So, you don't get it immediately. It's over time. 

What if my chart shows bad doors and negative deities and I don't like my natal deity. Is there anything I can do? There's no such thing as bad destiny charts. There's only such a thing as unused talents or unawakened abilities.

And so, Shimon reviews how you can redirect some of these energies and make them favourable. Obstacles become tactical advantages, guys. And yes, you can tap to any deity you want.

Here's another common question. If I studied Pazzo before, would Shimon contradict? Definitely not because Shimon shows you what to do, Pazzo tells you who you are. That's it.

They are complementary systems. In fact, when you plot a Shimon chart, you see the Pazzo on top anyway. It's complementary. 

You should be learning both at the same time because it sort of gives you the yin and yang. Pazzo is like the structure. The Shimon gives you the activities and what to do.

Now, how can I use Shimon specifically for my career? Well, strategic execution is the best use for anyone who's working in the job. Planning the timing, when to do certain meetings, negotiations. And of course, there are manifesting protocols that you could use to win the battle before it even begins.

So, there are a lot of usages that you can actually use for your career. In fact, it's great for those who are trying to climb the career ladder very fast. Now, have you guys watched the homework review that I've already posted on our socials? You've done that, right? So, if you have not already submitted your homework, I would recommend that you do so because it's so important that we go through the exercises because either way, even if you are not continuing your education with us, at least this training will help you learn some Shimon. 

That's why you must do the assignment. Now, we're going to move on to this called the nine protocols, which is the gist of our training today. So, we've done the first part of the training. 

We understood what it entails, breaking the chains and all that. Once you know what you want, once you know what you truly, truly want, all you have to do is deploy the protocols to get what you want. So, let me put it in context of the diagram here. 

It's really simple. You have learned the manifesting framework. You learn enough about it. 

There's always a chance to go deeper if you want. Manifesting framework. Once you add the nine protocols of Shimon manifesting, the nine protocols of Shimon manifesting, you will get whatever you want.

And this is the art of winning without fighting. Now, what is the art of winning without fighting? Because Sun Tzu said this really well. The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. 

Basically means win without fighting. Now, I know, I know some of you are here. I saw the text, right? Some of you here, oh, I want to learn Shimon because I know Shimon is the art of war. 

We're winning battles and all that. Yes. When you have no choice to fight, then you have to deploy the art of war and actually go into war. 

But the highest level is to win before you even have to lift a finger. So, no bloodshed. Okay. 

This has taken me many, many, many years. I've been teaching Shimon for a long, long time. I was one of the first. 

In fact, I was the first who started teaching Shimon in English to the world. This is back in 2012. Way before that, nobody talks about Shimon. 

All this terminology to see at some point, whoever is teaching out there, at some point had my training. I can confidently tell you that. That's how long I've been doing Shimon. 

Okay. And so, manifesting has been, I've been taught, I taught this as a class called getting whatever you want. Back in those days was the first version of teaching spiritual Shimon. 

And over the years, it has been refined so many times until a point where I've seen all the patterns. I've understood all the patterns and I've finally put them into protocols. So, all you have to do is follow the protocol to get the desired results. 

This is like the accumulation of so many years of experience. And by the way, 2026 is my 30th year in a practice of metaphysics. How about that? 30th year. 

I've been that long in practicing metaphysics. Okay. So, now, so the protocols, right? What are they? Well, in Shimon, we say that to manifest, we use the deities, right? We call that kapta tongsan. 

Whenever you need something quick, you use the deities. There's a verse in Shimon that says that. But whenever you want to create something, you use the doors. 

So, when you want to go forward, you use the doors. But when you want to solve a problem, you must look at the stars. When you want to solve a problem, you look at the stars. 

So, when you combine stars and doors together, you not only solve a problem, but you enter into a portal, into a different outcome. And that's what we're going to do in this part here. I'm going to show you how it's done, okay? Now, for this part here, of course, the more training you have, the deeper you understand how to do this. 

I will give you the concept. I will show you the way. And if you guys miss anything along the way, because there are different levels of practitioners in this group, can you guys help me out to help the beginners? Will you guys be up for that? Type of one. 

So that my team can just focus on delivering this topic here as much as we can, right? I need you guys to help out each other, because there are a lot of beginner questions, yes or no? Now, the question is, do you want to learn something advanced, or do you want to stick with just the beginner stuff? Like something really truly a breakthrough for you, okay? All right. So in order to understand the nine protocols, we have to understand this thing called the nine breakthroughs. Now, breakthroughs and poverty, they are two sides of the same coin, okay? The two sides, yin and yang, yeah? Two sides of the same coin. 

If you don't do this well, there'll be poverty. If you do this well, there'll be a breakthrough, there'll be success, okay? It's two sides of the same coin. So when we talk about money and wealth and success, right? That's just one type of rich wealth, right? Some people can be poor in wealth, yes or no? Yeah, some people can be poor in wealth, always having money problems and all that, but there's just one aspect of it. 

Not having financial acumen, not being resonating with ability to see opportunities and turning into profits, having lack of ability to sell, all that just under one category. But can someone be poor in terms of wisdom? Can you think about it? Is it possible that someone can be poor in wisdom, that they always do things that self-sabotage, they overthink things, they create a problem where there was none, right? And they're constantly confused. Confused, confused, confused, confused. 

Everyday confused. Everything is confusing to them. That's their language, their common language. 

I'm confused, I'm confused. I cannot hear, it's too difficult. I'm confused, I'm confused. 

Why can't I make it easier? There's always this problem and they're wondering why they are stuck and having all these problems in life. Every time they're confused, everything, even the simplest thing can confuse them. A wisdom problem, poor in wisdom, right? Can it also be possible that someone is poor in their emotions and relationship? Poor in love. 

Is it possible they are poor in love? That means they have no love to give or they don't know how to love. They can't express their love and therefore they don't get their actual love, right? They're poor in expressing their emotions. They are non-expressive, they suppress, right? Or they're unwilling to embrace or accept or appreciate. 

They just don't know how. Yet they crave love, they crave intimacy but they are not intimate, right? They're poor in relationships. So poverty is not just money. 

Is it possible, guys, how many of you resonate with this? You resonate this, poor in wisdom, right? Have you known people like that? They just do dumb shit to fuck themselves up royally all the time, right? And the way they talk, the way they communicate is always confusing. I'm confused. I don't like this, I don't like that, right? Is it possible, yeah? And then those who are poor in relationships, you want to love them but you can't because they are so rejecting, repulsive even when it comes to relationship. 

Is it possible? They don't know how, right? Now listen, the flip side of it is a breakthrough. Guys, are you following me? The flip side of this is the breakthrough, right? I'll get to that. There's a protocol for this, right? How about visibility? Can someone be poor in terms of their visibility in this role? That means they always turn out to be a hermit. 

For some reasons, they're hiding away even though the credit belongs to them but they are not seen to be the one actually doing the work even though they genuinely did this or worse, when they have issues, no one's seen them. No one knows they have a problem. No one knows they are suffering. 

They think they are all right. No one knows that they are depressed. You know, there was a story quite recently in the news. 

This 14-year-old who brutally murdered a 16-year-old girl and nobody knows he has all these issues and drama because it's not visible. Not visible is not just for fame. It's that people don't understand you.

People don't see you for who you are. They can't help you if they can't see you, right? So there's a visibility issue. They are poor in visibility. 

It's different than a choice of choosing solitary. Some people choose to be solitary. That's fine.

There are a lot of famous hermits as well. But when I say visible is when you're doing something or when you have heard and you have issues and nobody knows or when you do something great, nobody knows. It's a problem, right? And the flip side of that is being seen, being heard, that your life actually matters. 

So being poor in this is a problem, isn't it? So you see, there are protocols for this. I'm going to explain in a short while. Then there is, can someone be poor in health? I mean, come on, right? You can't achieve greatness if your health is a major setback, right? Just think, I mean, all of us at some point might have a health scare before or a health issue for a couple of weeks. 

I mean, how many of you had issues with health before? Was it, how long was it? Jose? How was it? Neck injury. Hmm. Yeah. 

And how much did that stop you from achieving your goals? Right? Jason? Ruben? Yeah. So many, right? Have you experienced, I mean, look at COVID, right? Even if someone's down with COVID back then, it could be a two weeks, you know, downtime. Health is a big thing.

And if you're poor in health, your vitality is weak, it's already a major setback, yes or no? So don't we need some protocols to have a health breakthrough? All right. So that battle. So some of people thought, you know, achievement is about battle winning and business and getting, yeah, of course, that's right too. 

But if you could win this internal battle now, your external battle is already won. Okay. So this is important. 

How many of you agree this is more important in some ways? Right? The art of war is to win without fighting. Right? So you're going to win the internal first. And I think this health and well-being thing, some people suffer emotionally, mentally. 

I mean, they need help. Right? The split personality thing, right? That's a big problem. All right. 

Now, how about support? Can someone be poor in support? Is it possible that whatever they want to do, there is no one to help them? Even they themselves don't support themselves. Is it possible? There's always lack of that agreement from other people. It's a big issue, right? How about poor in security and protection? Is it possible to be poor in security and protection? That means they always feel unsafe, easily harmed or hurt by other people's words or worse, energy. 

Okay. Now, it is possible. I'm going to share with you something that unbeknownst to you, there are some people that have very bad intentions, maybe not intentionally, but they might transfer some of their bad energies to you.

And if you're poor in your protection, if your own bazaar is actually weak, you will absorb that bad energy. And it is possible. Okay. 

So, and it's possible that, is it possible that someone will steal your luck? Not so easy, but possible. There are some dark methods of treatment or other forces that people might use to do this. And if you're poor in protection, you get it. 

Look at people who feel possessed all the time. All right. People feel jinx all the time. 

Have you got any friends like this? Any friends who feel that they have been attacked spiritually by others? Right. Of all the people who enter the hotel, you're the only one that see the ghost or experience some eerie feelings. Like that's weakness in protection. 

We need a protocol for that. All right. So, how about poor in luck? Right. 

Luck in general. In epiphanies, in serendipities, you just don't get it. Right. 

Every time you miss the boat, you miss the opportunity. Is it possible? Right. So, the thing is, all these are governed by heavenly matters. 

Heavenly matters are governed by the nine stars. Okay. So, therefore, when we are talking about using Qimen protocols, the protocol is always based on one of these nine things. 

Okay. One of these nine things. So, these nine aspects are governed under the nine stars in Qimen. 

The activators of the nine stars are the constellations. So, there are two groups here. Right. 

We're going to use... So, protocols are made up of a focus point, which is these nine stars. Right. These nine stars are the assistant star, the ambassador, the heart, the hero, bird, grass, pillar, destruction, grain.

Okay. In every Qimen chart, these nine stars are written in the top center. Let me show you an example. 

So, here is a day chart. Here's a day chart. We'll circle all the nine stars. 

See. These are all the nine stars. They're always written on the top center of the chart. 

And by the way, this way of writing, displaying a chart, is a Joey Up style of writing the chart. Back in the day, they don't write this way. Okay. 

So, some write a round star or some write the stars on left no. In our school, in our academy, this is the design that I've written. The heaven is always in the center. 

All right. So, now, in our chart, you see this as also in the top center. Can you see that? This is our chart. 

And also on your destiny chart, that means the chart that you're born with, look at this. The top center is also the nine stars. All right. 

So, when we are using the protocols, the protocols are always based on the day chart or the hour chart. Okay. So, we choose either one. 

Which is more powerful? In my opinion, most of the time, for general purposes, we use the day chart is good enough. But when you want specific, specific answers or our time frame is shorter, because by the time you wait for the day chart, there are only 365 days. And the day that you want with all the right protocols might be like three months away.

Right. Three months away is going to be a long time. Right. 

So, that's why an hour chart, it's more practical in many ways. Okay. It's faster. 

It's within that 15 days, you will get that right hour chart. Because in 15 days, a whole bunch of charts, like a thousand, 80 charts would have crossed and you would have come across a chart that you need. Whereas, if you look at 360 days, the day charts, the day charts will take a longer time before you can churn out a desired protocol. 

All right. So, faster with the hour, longer but more effective is the day. Okay. 

Of course, if you can combine the two, it would be great. But normally for beginners like yourself, I would say start with the day. Okay. 

All right. Now, these nine aspects let me tell you what they govern. Okay. 

So, assistant star is going to govern your protocol for wisdom. Okay. Wisdom activators. 

I'll tell you what they are in a short while. Yeah. Your grain star, everyone knows the grain governs health or health related aspects. 

So, any protocol relating to health will involve the grain. You write this down. Okay. 

Any protocol involving the destructor, it's about protection. Any protocol involving support will involve the pillar star. Okay. 

Now, I see some of you are losing track. Please, those who are following me, please help those who are missing out because I want to give you the details. I don't get to go through some protocols with you. 

Would that be okay? Okay. All right. So, I'm not going to repeat. 

You guys recap and put it onto the notes for them. Good. Okay. 

So, we're going to practice this thing called help each other out. Build good karma. All right. 

Help each other out on the chat. All right. Any protocols that involve wealth or making money will involve using the grass, heavenly grass. 

Any protocols involving visibility will involve the hero star. Any protocols involving relationships and emotions is going to follow the heart. Easy to remember. 

Okay. Any protocols involving luck is going to involve the ambassador and spirituality, bird. Okay. 

Remember, these nine stars, in order to form a protocol, we need to couple them together with constellations. The constellations, what are constellations? All right. I have a slide here to show. 

These are called the seven, the 28 constellations. All right. The 28 constellations. 

And they're always on our achievement charts. Okay. The 20 constellations.

Any manifesting that does not directly invoke, when I say invoke means connect, connect with the constellation, is not true use of Qimen manifesting. Not true use of spiritual Qimen. Constellations are the key, the key to activating the nine stars.

Because the stars themselves are part of the constellations. All right. So, if you don't involve the constellations, and you say I'm not using the stars, then you are missing out on 50% of the entire activation. 

All right. So, all greatest date selection, time selection for choosing auspicious hours, they always involve constellations. Okay. 

So, the missing link in Qimen manifesting is the constellations. Now, constellations, as you can see, are divided into four groups. The green dragon group, the white tiger group, the red phoenix group, and the black tortoise group. 

They are groups, A, B, C, D, if you want. And each group has seven constellations, has seven of them. So, seven times four, you get 28.

Okay. And the constellations can be also classified or grouped as elements. The wood, the metal, the earth, the sun, the moon, the fire and water, sun and moon. 

Sun and moon, they are not elements. They count sun and moon as the two polar opposite energies, usually used for a lot of spiritual rituals. They will involve the sun and moon. 

Okay. So, we all know yin and yang, right? One is the aggressive, the open, right? The magnanimous. One is on the dark, the yin, the internal. 

So, you use the moon. So, it's always five elements plus sun and moon equals seven, right? By the way, it's also the seven days of the week. Did you know that it's these seven things that form the week? All right. 

So, here's the thing, right? I want to show you this picture, right? See this cauldron right here? This cauldron, you know, the cauldron where the wizard, comes out and in order to form a special powerful potion, right? They will throw in the ingredients. The alchemist is going to mix this together. So, they'll throw it, boom! The nine stars goes in, right? Then, boom! They throw in the constellation. 

Then, boom! They go in the door and then, boom! They throw in the deity. They form this thing called the protocol. So, the baseline for the mixture, the baseline for the mixture, remember this, is the star and the constellation. 

So, whatever problems you have and there are nine groups of nine types of poverty, right? You could classify the all challenges and all wants and desires into these nine cauldrons, okay? So, I have nine cauldrons. So, these nine cauldrons, each one of these, every problem or everything that you wish to desire is going to fall under one of these nine. And inside the nine, you want to create that potion, right? It's a metaphor by the way, it's not really a potion, okay? You want to create that outcome to solve the problem or to manifest the outcome. 

So, these are the protocols, all right? So, let's work through some of them, all right? I'm going to give you the formula first, right? And then, I'll tell you where to find it, okay? So, now I know for some of you who are very, very new will probably find this part slightly challenging, okay? But I don't want you guys to go and say, oh, I'm confused, don't do that, don't do that, just absorb like a sponge. Everyone type in the text right now, absorb like a sponge, all right? You have to program yourself to do that. Now, also, when I'm going through this, there will be for some group of people, there'll be a sudden frenzy to say, where's the chart, where's the chart, where's the chart? For this group of people, slap yourself, slap, slap, slap, all right? Listen, the charts, you will find that later, all right? Later, at some point when you have access, when you find your access to the day charts and hour charts, later on, you will have an opportunity to find that, all right? For the time being, you're going to just register the what's, W-H-A-T, what, all right? What is the protocol? Is it okay, guys? All right, yeah? We start with that first, yeah? Because later on then, after you know, okay, roughly what it is, then you will go down to searching the charts and then about actually using them. 

Because you already have a manifesting framework calendar, right? You just have to fill up which ones to use. We'll talk about that later, okay? All right, let's start with this, right? I think health, health is a big thing, right? When you need to use health protocols, right? A protocol, once again, there's some confused people here again, again, a health protocol is basically what star and what constellation you're selecting in order to use for the manifesting process. It's the magic ingredient, if you will, okay? When I give you the examples later on, you will see. 

Right now, I just give you what it is first, okay? So suppose you have fatigue, chronic stress, or recurring health issues, right? When I say all these symptoms, if you guys have any of this, just type, yes, right? I have this, or yeah, me, right? So I know that I'm helping more people here, right? Any of you have neglecting your own rest and nutrition due to overwork, emotional strains perhaps, right? That turn into physical symptoms, any of you, right? Or maybe sometimes you have a lack of self-care and then you have a lot of health issues and all that, right? So when you have health-related issues, we normally have to deploy what we call health protocols, okay? And usually the purpose is for deep restoration and system resets. Deep restoration, system resets, okay? We're coming to that, right? We're coming to that. So this is to rebuild your energy and your nervous system capacity, transforming burnout into resilience and creating a body that sustains higher frequency living, all right? So the way to do that, the first component that is necessary, the first component that's necessary must be grain. 

That means we want to find the cheeman traps that first contain grain, okay? Now, grain can be anywhere. Grain can be in the southwest, in the north, in the east, in the west, right? So you look for this word called grain, okay? Everyone? Grain. Now, in order for you to fix this, the restoration component must contain the first one, the first option is all the wood constellations. 

And these are the wood constellations, right? Put it here. Horn, deeper, astrid, and well. Horn, deeper, astrid, and well.

So whenever you see this component together, this is already the protocol for health, deep restoration, and system resets. The question now would then be the next step, which is the most sophisticated step, is now you need to add in whether the stems, the doors, or the deities, all right? The choice of stems, doors, and deities, that will come later, okay? First, I tell you the components first, all right? So there's always a primary component and a secondary component because it's not always possible to say, you know, whenever you need it, you cannot wait for this grain to become, to lock in with a wood constellation, might take a long time. So are there secondary protocols? Of course there are, all right? In fact, there are a few that you could choose from. 

So the other component that we normally use is the healing component of the moon. So moon constellations are, now I know some of you like, you're fighting me, all right? You're just, just relax and listen, all right? Just relax and listen. I know, I know, but I am confused.

Slap yourself out of it. It's okay. Listen. 

By the time I finish this, you, you, you tend to get the drift, all right? You got to trust me on this, all right? You got to go take slowly because you're learning something more sophisticated and advanced right now. Those who have learned shaman from me for some time, can you help out those who are new? Would you be able to do that so that I can cover more? Yeah? Cool? All right. So I want a helpful environment here, right? You're going to help each other out to the best that you can because, um, this stuff, this system that I'm sharing with you here is a combination of many, many, many, many years of studies, of practice, of empirical usage. 

I've used it. My students have used it and they give me the feedback. Now I'm compiling it for you. 

All right? So, all right. You, you, you're saving years of time. So take note of that. 

Yeah. Okay. So the moon constellations are heart, the danger, net and bow. 

Heart, danger, net and bow. These are the secondary protocols that whenever to combine together with the, uh, this grain will set in motion for deep restoration and system resets. Okay. 

Now amongst them on a deeper level, a deeper, can I go deeper? Yeah. On a deeper level, there are three specific core fixes that we could deploy such formations for. Uh, number one, healing burnout. 

So you could recover from overwork, stress, emotional exhaustion, uh, that, you know, dulls your drive for life. Um, obviously you'd still need a, a perfect command, which you studied from a part three, right? You add that on together on dates that has this formations in that particular sector. What's that? And she, um, yes, of course in your health sector, but that will come later. 

The application later I'll apply. Now it's just the formula first. A protocol is just a formula. 

Okay. So, uh, or you could reclaim self-care, like stop feeling guilty for resting or taking time for help. Once you do that, you'll restore yourself or you just, you can also use this to rebuild energy cycles, to recreate a new patterns of vitality. 

So your body heals itself. So it will fix your constant fatigue, brain fall, emotional flatness, or healing energies. Okay. 

Now, of course the correct protocol involves the perfect command. You have to write the perfect command as well. Right? So the command still have to command the deity. 

All right. And of course, now you link it to the constellation. So watch this, right? So refer to the deity. 

Some people like to use the word invocation. I like to use the word command the deity, uh, connect to constellation. Okay. 

So you already have the constellation, which obviously is linked together right now with the grain stars already as a grain star. So connect together equals activation. So now the dates and times are activated. 

Now you issue the, the perfect command. Everything will fall into place. The whole goal here is to achieve heaven, earth, human spirit alignment. 

Okay. All right. I'm going to move on first. 

Later on, I will show you a few examples. All right. I'm sure. 

All right. So here's another one, right? So the first one was, um, we, we talked about the, uh, uh, healing, right? Health related. Now, this one is emotional, right? Remember I said the other protocols is for, uh, people who have issues, right? Uh, difficulty expressing, understanding emotions, um, emotional numbness and detachment as like, oh, you know, uh, love is all bad. 

It was get betrayed, you know, or fear of intimacy, uh, fear of connection, uh, vulnerability, overthinking feelings, um, not being able to find someone to connect with somehow relationships don't last, not being able to find the right one, right? So it cannot experience connection with others. I mean, the list goes on, right? Uh, or difficulty or to attract a relationship, always the wrong one, always end up betrayal or feeling empty or disconnected. Okay. 

All these are symptoms. So in this case, you will need the protocol for emotions and relationships recovery or enhancement. So by using this, we call this emotional alchemy. 

Okay. So there are specific components for this, right? So to master your emotional regulation and connection to transmute that chaos and attachment and overreaction into coherence, confidence and harmonious relationship with other people. So what do you do with this? Right? So you need to involve the heart. 

Now we all know that the heart star represents regulation system structure and is the total opposite of emotion, which is fluid. But right now you're adding structure to the fluid. That's why the emotions are under control and manage well, and therefore be able to function at the highest level.

That's why you must use the heart. Okay. So what is it for? What is it? What are the fixes? Well, the fixes would be to feel great again, right? To heal emotional numbness and shut down after a heartbreak or rejection, disappointment. 

We're going to use this component. So remember the heart. I haven't told you the constellation yet. 

So relax. Yeah. And we talk about balance, uh, attachment. 

So stop chasing and fixing or pleasing others, uh, to earn love or validation, right? Or to protect your own heart, to keep empathy without absorbing everyone's chaos. How many of you need this? Or you know someone who needs this, or do you know someone who actually needs, um, you know, to fix problems like attracting emotionally unavailable partners all the time and need to fix that. Or you have a lot of, uh, overreacting or, or withdrawing into conflicts when, uh, you, you don't really mean to. 

Well, then this is the protocol for it. Okay. So what are you going to use? Well, first you need the heart. 

The heart is the main component. All right. Then you need these four constellations specifically. 

Okay. These four will form the best possible outcome for you. The ox, the stomach, the bow, and the carriage. 

Okay. The ox, the stomach, bow and carriage. All right. 

These constellations specifically. All right. Now these components will work in different ways. 

Obviously, obviously you might need to add in, of course, which deity or which door, which step. That is the refinement part, but the minimum component for this protocol. Okay. 

So if you listen to, um, some of my guided, uh, uh, manifesting, sometimes I put it on, uh, on, um, my, uh, telegram, right? You hear me use, I always reference this, uh, components and it's usually related to something, something, love or relationship is because of this. Okay. So you want to add these components in and you notice that we have left out the, the dragon. 

Uh, if you're, if you know constellation detail, I left out the green dragon group. So these four specifically. Okay. 

These four. Now in general, this is the, that's the first protocol. The second protocol in general, you could use any of the water constellations. 

The water constellations involves wall, Orion and Baskin and also carriage because water represents emotions, right? So any of the water constellations. All right. Now as to exactly which component you want to add in, like, should I get the, the, the, uh, six harmony? Do I need this? Do I need that? Depends on your actual issue that you're trying to solve. 

Does that part we already discussed in parts one, two, and three, right? Which dating to use right now, this, this part, part four is about using the stars because you're trying to turn. Remember the problem, the, the one lacking the poverty into a breakthrough. So you initiate a protocol for the manifesting and protocol involves using a star together with a constellation. 

All right. And where do you find it? You find it in the day charts or you find it in the hour charts. Okay. 

Now at this point we have not involved which level of the deity. Not yet. That part already be discussed in part three, but we can add that on as an additional layer for these components. 

Okay. Now, are there exceptions to the protocols? Of course they are, but this is for as standard as possible. I could give you right now. 

Okay. So far so good. We'll come to an example. 

I just do cover all this. Yeah. Now let's describe another scenario, right? Are there scenarios where, guys, are you following me so far? Yeah. 

Yeah. Angela, Victoria. Yeah. 

All good. Okay. Are there scenarios where people feel unsupported or always carrying a burden alone or always struggling to trust others or to delegate responsibilities? Are there people like that? Are there people who constantly feel they lack mentorship and always lacking reliable guidance or people supporting them? They're always the helper or seldom the one being helped. 

Yeah. So this is a support issue. Therefore, you need divine alliance protocol for support. 

The protocol for support is called divine alliance. That means you need to call in divine timing, guidance, and human allies. You need to manifest mentors and collaborators and communities that elevate your journey. 

How many of you need this type of one right now? Okay. I'm giving you the formulas already, so you got to pay attention. Yeah.

Okay. Cool. All right. 

So every formula, every formula, every protocol has always the main and the sub. The two sets of protocols, the main and the sub. Obviously the main ones are better, but the sub ones are there because sometimes you cannot wait until a protocol appears, right? Okay. 

You guys ready? So once you activate the divine alliance, which is the support protocol, you'll fix three main things. Number one, ending the lone wolf pattern, right? Or this is where you feel that you must do everything alone. You feel retired because no one helps you out.

It will end that. You change that. It will help you trust guidance again, inner guidance, other people, right? Healing from a betrayal or a failed collaboration. 

You know, here's the thing, right guys? A lot of success in this world depends on partnerships. Problem is if you got burned before, how many of you got burned from a partnership before? How many of you? Type a me right now. Isaac, right? Noah. 

Yeah. You got burned from partnerships before, right? Okay. So therefore you now don't like the partner, right? Because you don't want to go through that hassle again. 

Here's the thing. A lot of success also requires collaboration, and if you don't heal from the first betrayal, you don't learn from it, you're not going to get into the fast lane for success because success depends on others, right? Depends on the help of other people, right? So you want to fix that. This is the protocol for it, and you can join mentors and clients and partners who can amplify your strength. 

So you want to attract true allies, right? And the problem we're trying to fix with this protocol, is this helpful for you guys? Is this something you're looking for? Yeah, right? Think about how is this useful in your life right now. Let's just hear some of you, right? We talked about the help protocol just now. We talked about emotional protocol, right? A while ago, and now we're talking about the support protocol. 

Can you guys relate and write down here, if you could use this successfully, what would it have solved for you? Just write it down. Just write it down. How much is it worth to you if you deploy this successfully and solve one of that problem in your life? What does it mean to you? This is important, I want you to say that, right? I want you to see, right? The moment you think about this, you know, ah, I can apply it in this aspect. 

I have this problem, now I'm going to solve with this problem. I have this health issue, I'm going to solve with this issue. And how much is it worth for you? What's the value in that, solving this problem for you? What does it mean to you? Think about it. 

Okay? So if you could solve the, you know, trusting other people again, would that really change your life? How much is that worth to you? Right? The reason I want you to say, see this, is so that you know that you have a decision inside that, I'm going to apply this. I'm going to make this work. How many of you are going to make this work? Type of me right now.

Okay? You partner others again. Okay. So the protocol here involves, the support protocol involves the pillar. 

So the pillar starts, right? This is the pillar. Look for the pillar. So you could day trust, hour trust, whatever, right? You look for the pillar. 

Now again, the pillar can be, the pillar can be in the southeast, the pillar can be in the south, the pillar can be in the northeast, can be anywhere, right? So of course, we are again, now again, there are people who are just easily confused, right? What I just showed you is called the dynamic charts. There are two types of charts here. I'll just break away from this for a while, just so to explain to those who are screaming because they are confused. 

It's not confusing. There are only two types of charts. Let me show you. 

Guys, put up the charts. Static, dynamic. Okay? Static chart, dynamic chart. 

What is the static chart? The chart that doesn't change. Your birth date and time. That's your destiny chart. 

That's called static. Hello, guys, are you following me? Type of one of you guys are following. Yes? Okay, static. 

That doesn't change. It's your chart, you're born with that. So the reason why I see some of you guys, oh, I don't know my chart, I don't know this, I don't know that, the reason for that is because you haven't plotted your achievement destiny chart. 

So please go and do that. Can some of you guys help those who are struggling? Yeah? Help them. And also on Telegram as well, where they can find their destiny chart.

So once you print it, you'll be all right. Okay? You have the chart. So that is a static, doesn't change. 

Now what changes? The dynamic charts. And what are dynamic charts? Dynamic charts are the day chart and hour chart. Okay? Where do you find the day charts? You find the day charts in this, the manifesting calendar. 

This is one of the many sources you could find the day charts. Okay? The day charts are here. There are other sources like the Tongshu, the daily Tongshu, the daily desktop calendar, and there's many sources. 

So it's not a problem, you will find it later. Right? Or you just learn to plot it yourself. It's not that hard. 

So please don't scream. Relax. Type the word chill. 

Everybody type the word chill. Okay? All right, chill. All right. 

So it's possible to find the day charts and the hour charts. All right? The hour charts are all software driven these days. Okay? So it's not difficult at all. 

All right? Even in the calendar, there are certain hours that are highlighted for you. So relax. So again, static, dynamic. 

So static chart, what happens is, right, on your static chart, which is your destiny chart, you have a list of sectors that belong to different aspects of your life. There is a health sector, there's a career sector, there's a destiny sector. Yes or no? Right, guys, are you following? Yeah? All right. 

You got to pay attention and stop asking too many, I'm sorry to say, dumb questions, because the dumb question is blocking good information coming into you. All right? So shut the fuck up and listen, right, if you want to learn. All right.

So here's the thing. So you have certain sectors that has your wealth sector, your career sector, your wellness sector, blah, blah, blah. That's the static chart. 

So what happens is when the dynamic gives you the component that enters into your static chart, which is your NATO chart, that's the gateway, the portal now opens. And that is the timing or the day where you will sit in quietness, go through the manifesting framework from intent to alignment to command, and then you conquer by taking action, and then you will see the evidential occurrences, the outcome is manifested. Simple. 

Okay? It's actually very simple. Yeah? Don't complicate it, it's actually very simple. So if you find it a little bit sophisticated, learn as you listen along, you get the drift. 

Okay? All right. All right. Now, so when we're talking about the protocols for support, right, you got to involve the pillar and together with the constellations that is associated with metal. 

Metal constellations are neck, ox, mound, and ghost. Neck, ox, mound, and ghost, because these are also metal element that support the metal element of the pillar. Okay? So these four constellations specifically are metal, and this is the first protocol. 

Of course, the selection of the deity and the doors will be up to you to refine it, which exact thing that you're trying to derive the outcome, right? But generally, these two components must be present. Protocol number two for this is the backup protocol for this, for support is to use any of the white tiger components, the white tiger constellations, and they are astrid, mound, stomach, pleiades, neck, beak, and aurean. The white tiger constellations, astrid, mound, stomach, pleiades, neck, beak, and aurean. 

Now, I know some of you guys, but I don't know this, I don't know that, I have a problem with this. Okay, here's the thing, right? In every Qimen Chuan, guys, relax, relax, in every Qimen Chuan, the constellations and the elements are actually written on the sides, right? But not to worry, I will send you a copy of all the 28 constellations and the elements on telegram, all right? I'll send you on telegram, so relax, I just want you to listen for now, you won't miss anything, just listen, all right? This is important, write down as you can. If you miss it, you miss it, go to the next one, all right? Okay, don't worry, someone will summarize for you. 

Now, so for some people, let's talk about the next protocol, right? Next protocol, so that was the protocol for support. The next protocol, let's talk about symptoms first. If you have the symptoms, type a number three here, okay? You always seem to attract people or environments that are toxic, manipulative, or unsafe.

Or you felt, sometimes you feel ill or there's a streak of bad luck that you go through. It's almost like your luck is being drained by other people. Or sometimes you feel that you are psychically or spiritually attacked by people who are jealous. 

Or you feel constantly under energetic and emotional attack, when not, even though you're not conscious about it, but you do feel it. Or there are repeated patterns of betrayal in your life, it's repeated, it's not just one betrayal, it's over and over again, abuse and violation of trust, all right? Or you know anyone who has this, type a three so I can see. And you might often confuse empathy with obligation, like you absorb other people's pain or negativity as if it's your own, even though it's not yours, right? And then you experience burnt out or bad luck, even though, you know, all of a sudden, all you did was accept a gift from other people. 

Here's the thing when it comes to achievement, if your energy is weak, and there's a stranger giving you a gift, and inside the gift there's like a coin for example, or an object that have been using for a long time, I would suggest that you reject the gift, or you take the gift and give it back to nature, bury it, okay? Don't simply accept gifts from strangers, especially on items that they've been using for a long time, because some people are vicious, not all people, there are the small percentage that are vicious, and they learn the one thing that some bad masters teach them, all you have to do is send your bad luck and give it to the other person, but they must accept it as a gift, and then they will share your bad luck. So what you do is, don't simply accept, but what if you accidentally accept, especially clothes from other people that they've been wearing, and they've gone through bad luck, they've been wearing it for a long time, and somehow they did a ritual and they give that to you, now you have shared half the bad luck, you suddenly fall sick, okay? Unless of course you're a great patsa and you have, you know, a very high level chief, they cannot attack you, but sometimes you have a low level energy, and that period of time is not so good, and also sometimes people touch your head and touch your shoulders, right, they will eliminate some of your luck, or they send some of their luck to you, especially when you are in a negative downward spiral, so don't let simply people touch your head or shoulders, okay? So anyway, there is a way to stop this, is to actually increase your protection, so we, how many of you need this, right? If you need this, I share the protocol with you, right? Now, before you need this, can you tell me what would this do for you? What do you think it would do for you? It will help protect you from crisis, it's called crisis aversion protocols, or power of protection, you can command a total energetic shield, shielding yourself from curses, dark forces, manipulation, or interference, so nothing external can distort you from your path of happiness and success. How many of you think that this is important? Type of one, type of me, right? Yeah, there's some people out there not so good, right? Okay, so what do you need? That's why, okay, are you ready for a protocol or what, right? Okay, so that's why the first component of this protocol involves destructor, okay? Destructor is a very powerful protective element. 

The greatest defense is offense, you know, okay? You gotta send it back to them, so there are core fixes that this could do the moment you deploy the protocol for protection. You can shield your energy, stay protected from envy, curses, energetic sabotage from other people, you could cut hidden attachments, and you end the freaking cycle of bad luck, nightmares, or psychic drain from unseen forces, okay? And you can also anchor your authority so no one, a person, or spirit can overpower your energy, okay? So you gotta deploy the destructor. So destructor can be in any of these four sectors in your dynamic chart. 

Which chart again? Dynamic. What are dynamic charts? Type the answer. Day and hour, okay? Day and hour, all right? So the most powerful ones the protocol involves using the sun components. 

Which are the sun components from the constellations? The sun components are house, void, pleiades, and star, okay? House, void, pleiades, and star. You've experienced using void before, right? For the cleansing and removing of negative energies, remember that? That was the void constellation. October 23rd, remember? The cleansing. 

How many of you felt better? How about me right now? Right? You followed through, felt better, right? Okay, that's the protocol, all right? So this one, I'm going to share one with you, right? There's always a backup protocol, but let's just go with this because sometimes we get confused. Oh, you tell me so many things. I'm going to tell you just one thing then, all right? Just one thing, keep it easy. 

So once you see this component, right, in your chart and it lands on your soul palace. Yeah, I'm going to give you the second component on the soul palace. You want to protect your soul, right? Where is your soul palace? Anyone? Okay, you don't know where it is? Yeah, no good. 

So here is your Qimen destiny chart. It's a Qimen destiny chart. Search for, run your fingers through your eight sectors. 

Where's the box that says soul? There it is, right? Okay, type direction here. Type, type, type. Okay, cool. 

So all you have to do is wait for the component of the destructor entering into the sector of this soul. Okay, all right, got it? Now, another version of this, the protocol involves the fire group of constellations. The fire group of constellations are, you guys are having a tail, room, beak and wing. 

Tail, room, beak and wing. These are fire constellations. So the moment you add fire together with the destructor, you can use this as a protocol for the initiation of protection and crisis aversion. 

Of course, it involves the correct command, the perfect command. And of course, you still have to refer to whether there's the right deity or the door and all that. That comes later, right? You've already got that some studies of this on part two and part three, right? So to form the perfect manifesting scenario, you got to initiate the protocol. 

Okay, so this is good, right? All right, later on, I'll give you a more extensive example. But how many of you find that this alone, just having this one skill alone, is worth your entire time here at this training? Just this alone? Type of me right now. Right? What sort of problems would it have solved in your life? Just type it out. 

I just want to see it, right? You guys are not rushing off, right? I just want to spend more time making sure you guys all understand and learn more, right? Cool? Yeah, wow, nice. Okay, now then there's the next protocol, right? Before I tell you what it is, let's see the symptoms. How about those who feel that they're never aligned with luck? They're always unlucky. 

They're always unlucky, like constant resistance and unexplained freaking delays, right? The opportunity appears and then you slip away, right in front of their eyes, right? Always, by the time they want to do something, they miss the ball just by a split second. And this disrupts their confidence all the time. Something good happens and it's taken away, okay? So what do you need? You need the protocol for luck, the fortune catalyst to reignite this. 

This is what, one of the favorites for most people using Qiman, okay? It's just that not many people do this on a conscious level. You want to enter the flow of divine timing, activating synchronicity, you know, effortless breakthroughs and right place, right time thing, right? How many of you need this? Especially at the start of year coming, right? Guys, you gotta listen to this. The year of the crimson horse, definitely a lot of people need this.

Like so many people need this, okay? So what's the protocol? The protocol involves the ambassador, right? Involves the ambassador. This is super important. The ambassador is one that unlocks good fortune, okay? Unlocks good fortune. 

Now, in order for good fortune to prevail, you need to add in the green dragon constellations. Green dragon constellations are horn, neck, foundation, house, heart, tail and basket. Green dragon constellations, okay? So once this happens, you can stop forcing, letting go, right? Or trying to push for outcomes that will align with the perfect timing. 

Good things happen to good people, right? Projects almost working, but not quite landing, will start to work again. Sometimes we call this stalted fish come back to life. Okay? This is the technique. 

Good fortune. Anyway, there's a sophisticated layer for this, but we're running out of time, so I gotta speed this up a little bit, okay? So you look for these components. Guys, can I just speed this up a little bit? All right? So the next one is symptoms like you learn a lot, but no one recognizes your talent.

You know a lot of stuff, but you still make a lot of mistakes. You're constantly confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, everything confused, confused, confused. Why I cannot understand? Why I cannot understand? Why other people understand I cannot understand? Everything you don't like. 

I don't like this. I don't like that. I cannot hear. 

I cannot see. I cannot do. I cannot do. 

I cannot do. Everything's a problem, right? And constantly misguided. You always listen to one thing and then do the other, right? Follow misguided advice, and then that lack of discernment. 

You can't differentiate right or wrong, wrong or right. When it's right, it's wrong for you. When it's wrong, it's actually right for you. 

That sort of thing. And you act without clarity. That's called what? That's a wisdom problem. 

So what do you do? You need the protocol for wisdom. I call this quantum vision activation. So you need to awaken to higher foresight to actually be able to learn from the lessons because otherwise the lessons will repeat. 

How many of you resonate with this? Or you know someone who definitely needs to activate wisdom because they're constantly confused, right? Constantly don't know how. I don't know how. I don't know how. 

I mean, you look at investments, right? People always want, this is the best for investments by the way, but people want to make more money. All you have to do is stop doing dumb shit to yourself when it comes to finance. Come on, ask yourself this question, right? How many people think back, if you just have not done the three dumbest financial mistakes in the past in your life, how rich would you be today? Just think about that, right? If you think about the three biggest financial mistakes that you make and you didn't make that, how rich would you be today? Right? And the problem is you keep making those mistakes, right? You could have studied the pattern. 

You could have understood how markets work. You could have understood how economies work. You could have understood how forex work. 

You could have understood it, but it was too confusing. It was too difficult. No, it's not. 

You just have to awaken the higher foresight and some intuitive intelligence to decipher the noise and get the right information, right? Everything is a question of seeing patterns, right? Seeing data in a way that you can understand. So activating the protocol for wisdom is the key. So which is this, right? So this is why the assistant star is used. 

The assistant star is the main component, right? And we're going to use the protocol together with the moon constellations, right? Moon constellations, the heart, the danger, the net, the boat, all these are moon constellations, okay? So now you have that. Now, of course, there's a secondary protocols, but let's go with the first one first, yeah? So doing this, you will understand then how to make sense of information. There'll be true inner knowing, strengthening your decision-making and never letting a mistake repeat itself. 

You understand how small moves connect to long-term breakthroughs and you will never be paralyzed by analysis. You will never overthink. You will understand exactly what to do and you'll have more confidence in your life and you will never be confused, no more. 

You just understood, okay, I know what to do now. How many of you think that this will be the biggest thing if you're going to achieve this? So it's quite simple, right? All you need is the assistant together with heart or danger constellation. Don't let the terms frighten you. 

It's just the name of the constellation, right? The world, they combine together, you get to activate this and all you need is the perfect command that you've already learned to add it right here and voila, manifesting 100%, okay? All right, all right, let's move on. Next one is obviously related to money, right? What if money comes and goes easily and this lack of stability is never enough? There's never financial discipline and then there's constantly feeling of, oh, you know, there's not enough money here and then, you know, very difficult to attract money. It's always struggling to make ends meet or you're going to make a lot of money but somehow you don't, you don't know where the cash go.

Like your business seems to be doing well but where's the cash? What do you do? You need to deploy the wealth protocols, right? And I call this wealth windfalls and big moves. Windfalls are not just lottery, although many people think it's lottery. I would think a windfall is a grand opportunity for you to open up a market, dominate a space and go have a quantum leap in terms of your career or business. 

How many of you agree with this type of one? So, don't think small about, oh, just a lottery. I think the biggest lottery in life is when you can open up a new market and have never-ending consistent revenue. Wouldn't that be a much better thing, right? So, expanding your capacity to receive, hold and multiply wealth is the key here, right? So, the fixes of this is financial instability. 

This protocol fixes financial instability. It fixes money anxiety. It makes success more consistent, okay? And obviously, at the byproduct, your investments, opportunities and bold ideas can move forward.

That's what we want, all right? So, the protocol involves here the grass, okay? And you've got to specifically, there are seven constellations that involve money, okay? Seven constellations. I'll give you a few of them. First one is a street. 

A street is a very powerful wealth constellation Orion is a very powerful wealth constellation. Pleiades is a very powerful wealth constellation, okay? And you know all this belong to the white tiger, but not all white tiger group has money. Only the street. 

A street, Pleiades and Orion, okay? Now, there are others, but these three, in particular, if you're looking for immediate wealth, this will be faster. The fastest is the white tiger constellations, okay? So, anyway, this is the first part of it, right? So, having dates and times where this enter where? Your wealth palace, your wealth palace could be in the east, west or wherever, and you see, wow, the constellation arrives, and then you deploy the technique, the right command and the right activities, the manifesting becomes a reality, okay? Let me quickly cover the last two first, and then we go through some examples and cover what's missing, all right? So, the other one is to be seen, to be unstoppable, we need to utilize the visibility protocol. You know, this is the issue where you're trying to fix, you know, where people cannot notice you, you work hard, but you feel unseen, and then you want validation, but then you fear exposure at the same time, right? You don't like to be criticized, you have a very soft skin or thin skin. 

They say, oh, say something, you feel embarrassed or you feel hurt by other people, right? Your reputation doesn't match your effort, you don't project confidence, and people don't notice you at all, but you yearn for that visibility. So, step into, using this protocol helps you step into authentic visibility, to magnetize recognition and influence and to lead, because if people don't follow you, how the hell are you going to be a leader, right? This is like a career thing, right? If people don't see you, you're not going to excel in your career. This is the problem. 

How many of you think this is the one that you needed, right? So, to release fear of judgment is one of the key, to overcome fear of being seen, firstly, to own your message, to speak from truth, not perfection, but truth, so people feel your real power, to show up fully, being visible and feels natural, with charisma, right? Stop playing small, right? You don't want to stay hidden anymore, even when you're ready for more, it's time for you to step up. You're missing promotions, you're missing recognition and clients overload you because you don't stand out, but once you initiate this protocol, things change, okay? Things change. So, the hero is necessary, okay? Firstly, hero. 

Now, there's a set of constellations that we normally take into consideration when you want to activate the hero, neck is one of them, danger, beak, ghost, okay? Neck, danger, beak, ghost is the first set of protocols. Generally, it enhances the quality of the hero and it gets your message across, all right? There's a part two of this, but let's just talk about part one for now. And of course, you got to combine this together with the right deities and the right doors, all right? And the right perfect command and then you get the outcome, all right? And now, finally, bird. 

I'll leave this to the last one because not many Qimen practitioners know when the bird appears and when not, because bird is always hidden together with green in the Qimen chart. A lot of you don't know this, don't know that green and bird is it together? Why? Okay, yeah, there's a reason for it, okay? There's a reason for it. So, I'm not going to go into the details of this. 

I'm just going to tell you what it is first. If you're feeling disconnected from deeper meaning or purpose, if you are focused only on tangible goals but lack inner peace and inner fulfillment, or you fail to somehow feel gratitude or somehow felt that something is amiss, that you're not living to your higher purpose, right? Or maybe there's always this pattern of recurring problems or resentment, you don't even know why. Or there's trauma, right? That you can't overcome, the darkness somewhere inside that you have kept inside for a long time.

Or you could have inherited some patterns, some karmic debt or from your past lives or even future lives, you don't even know yet, right? Because past, present, future, it's the same thing. A lot of people think future is ahead. No, it's actually, remember I said before, it's like a book. 

Everyone's life is like a book, right? Time is like a book. The starting and ending of the chapters of your life is already inside this book right now in the now. So, past and present is already in now, okay? So, that interlinks because time dimension in the spiritual world is not exactly linear. 

How many of you get this? Have a one. Yeah? So, maybe you've inherited some patterns that are not so good and you keep reliving some stories. So, your path needs to be cleared, needs to be realigned, to be divinely directed.

You want to break old cycles, right? You want to find true direction in life and you want to call back your power that you used to have, right? Stop scattering energy on people and roles and regrets and this keeps draining your focus. So, you want to regain. So, this is called the Karma Breaker, spirituality protocols, okay? So, this one involves the bird. 

Very important, yeah? The bird. Now, for this, we normally use the sun and moon, right? But there are exceptions to the rules for this because specifically, the willow is one of the most spiritual, powerfully connected constellations, okay? Even though it's not part of sun and moon, but we also use the willow, all right? So, that's the constellation. Now, how do we use this? That's the sophisticated level, right? I'll show you the generic versions of this first, all right? Are you guys ready? All right? So, I want you guys to now reflect this on your life, all these nine for now, okay? Don't worry about the details of application.

I just want you to think as if you can apply any of these protocols in which aspects of your life that you will see an immediate reward and improvement. Write it down right now. Think about it.

If any one of these, you deploy successfully, these protocols, how would they get from where you are right now to where you want to be close? This is important, okay? I want you to think about that. So, who wants to master these nine protocols? Who wants? Type of me right now. Now, listen. 

The reality is this. It's not a want. It's now a need. 

The world is changing. You know the world is changing, right? Look at this. 2026 is the year of the crimson horse, and I think it will mark an enormous transformation around the world. 

I mean, trade war 2.0, ongoing conflicts, intensification of the AI race, big time. So, I think all of you guys are no longer like, oh I want to do this. You need to do this. 

A lot of people think about it, right? The challenges for the ordinary person become so enormous, and the only way to overcome this is to upskill. Think about this. Volatility is at its all-time high, and often through manipulation. 

I said this at the start of the year during our Foshan Astrology event, and financial roller coasters, right? Mistrust, shifting consumer behavior, polarity of extremism. I mean, you see it right now, isn't it? Right? And there's this new unpredictability as the new baseline. So, the world is not changing, guys. 

The world has changed, and this actually comes from this person called Sir John Glubb, and he said this, the fate of empires, and you guys should read this book. He studied over a thousand empires and found a very striking pattern. Most major empires last approximately 250 years, about 10 generations, and before they decline or they collapse.

And he studied that, and if you look at this, right? You look at this. Assyria, right, back in the day is 859 to 612 BC, 247 years. The Persian Empire, 538 to 330 BC, about 208 years, right? You look at Greece, Alexander and his successor, 331 to 100 BC, also about 231 years. 

The Roman Republic, 260 to 27 BC, 233 years, right? And you fast forward all the way to the Ottoman Empire, right? 1320 to 1570, 250 years, right? The Spain Empire, Spanish Empire, quite recent, right? In the history, 1500 to 1750, exactly 250 years. The Romanov Russian Empire, 1682 to 1916, 234 years. Britain, 1700s to 1950, 250 years. 

Now, let's look at the eastern side of the world. Tang Dynasty, one of the most powerful dynasties, if not the most powerful when it comes to culture, science, and all this metaphysics technology, right? 618 to 907, lasted 289 years, but slightly exceeding, but very close to the 250 mark because the last couple of years are mired in war and decline. Ming Dynasty, same thing, endured 276 years, closely aligning to the cycle, but bear in mind the last three emperors were shit, right? And so really it's almost a 250-year cycle, right? And then if you look at the Qing Dynasty, 1644 to 1912, ruled for 268 years, but as you know, the last couple of years, the decline of the Qing, the last three emperors, also fitting roughly the 250 years framework. 

Okay, now this is important observation, right? The reason why metaphysics is so important today, right? So I'm matching western science together with metaphysics. There are five common stages when empires fall and rebuild. These common stages are number one, pioneering and conquest, commerce and wealth creation, intellectual expansion, decadence, internal division, overreach, and the fifth is collapse or irrelevance. 

These are the five stages. Now, here are the warning signs. Guys, take note of this. 

It may also be your biggest opportunity. Even though right now you're saying that, oh no, it's struggling and you're having issues, but sometimes people need to know what's coming in order to take advantage of the opportunities. The question is, do you want in or out? Do you want in or out in this opportunity? So here are the warning signs, okay? In the US today, which is global number one superpower, there's deepening political polarization. 

Agree or not? Yes or no? There's rising debt and unsustainable military spending. There's cultural fragmentation and social unrest, and you see that all the time. And there's a declining trust in institutions.

There's growing competition from China and a multi-polar world. Think about that. Is it true? And there's a shift from innovation to stagnation in many sectors. 

And here's the thing. Here's the thing. The United States was officially founded on July 4th, 1776, the date of Declaration of Independence. 

So USA turns 250 years in 2026, the year of the horse. This makes the 250-year empire cycle especially relevant now, which is why many historians, analysts and cultural commentators are paying close attention to this moment in time. And it's a powerful symbolic threshold on one that invites both reflection and prediction.

But that's not the only thing. In fact, there are two critical occurrences that I think you should take note of. Period 9 is in full swing right now. 

And the next two years, the Crimson Horse and Blood Goat Calamity. Let me write this down for you. Peng Wuye, Fire Horse, is known as the Crimson Horse. 

Peng Wei is known as the Blood Goat. And every 60 years that transits with these two years in particular, historically, China is in a chaotic situation. The last time this happened was the Cultural Revolution.

The last time it happened was the downfall of the Qing Dynasty. And you can trace that all the way to the Song Dynasty. Every time this year happens, China is chaotic. 

So we can say from Western perspective and Eastern perspective, there seems to be a converging point. The time of change has come. And Period 9 will be in its full swing. 

Technological advancement, shifting societal norms, heightened interest in spirituality, all this is happening at once. And of Crimson Horse and Blood Goat years, their reputation for instability is crazy. You just look back, 60 years ago, 1966-67, upheavals that were historically turbulent years for civil rights protests in the US and the beginning of China's Cultural Revolution and in the States. 

Historically, in those two years, the US faced racial protests and systemic inequality issues. Cultural Revolution happened in China. It started in 1966, marking major political cultural shift. 

So these are the three things that you need to do after this training. With all these protocols and manifestings that you learn, this will give you a head start of all other people who are not preparing. How many of you are into this to improve your life and make 2026 your best year ever? Tell me right now.

So here's the thing. You write this down. The first thing you need to do is you need to double down on proven systems. 

That means you need to have mentors, a living system that you can refer to. You need frameworks and formulas. That means something that works. 

It's no time for you to trial and error, guys. You want to trial and error, you should have done that two years ago. If you're struggling now, you will struggle even more in the next two years due to this shift that is happening. 

If you're struggling now, you will struggle even more due to this shift that's happening. So you need process maps, you need checklists, you need goal-setting systems. You should write this down. 

If you're struggling now, you will struggle even more. You should mark my words for that. What you need is you need to find your tribe.

You need a community with shared values, a safe place to fail in case you need to trial and error and to celebrate and calibrate and to learn from one another. Super important. And listen to this, play the long game, right? Throw the long view in, championship runs, right? It's a game of who sticks around longer because the next two years, it will disrupt everybody and that's what's happening. 

And if you have any ounce of strength or capacity or energy left, you should make your move now. This is the time to make that transformation before the year of the crimson horse. Now guys, I started teaching qi men in 2012. 

Back then, you know, it made perfect sense to focus on business, right? Warcraft for business. Because qi men was created for war, for strategy, for power plays, right? Naturally, look at some of you guys are asking for the strategic execution and all that, right? And actually map out to modern life. At that time, the economy and the world is very different. 

So I get that towards mainly for entrepreneurs, execs and consultants. But over the years, most profound transformation that I've ever witnessed, they didn't happen on the battlefield. They didn't come from a business decision or a negotiation or a clever move on the organisation chart. 

They came from people who use qi men to get what they actually wanted without the fight. Not more power, not more clients, not even more money. They wanted love, connection, meaning. 

You think about it. Most men want to be rich. Why? Come on. 

I mean, a woman is already rich right here. How many of you want to be rich? Most men. I'm asking the men here. 

Why? Because money is a proxy for competence. Billionaires are attractive, but so is the guy who can fix the toaster or hang the shelf, right? Come on. Think about it. 

So competence is magnetic. It signals certainty, safety, calibre. That's what women are wired to notice across cultures, across time.

Okay. I mean, come on. Here's the thing, right? Ladies, help me out here. 

Would you find a man that has got no career, is dependent and non-ambitious, right? Indecisive, attractive. I don't know, right? Oh, but it's a kind heart, but it's extremely indecisive and lost. Think about it, right? And what do men look for? Beauty, which yeah, sounds shallow, right? But it's not. 

Beauty is just a proxy for what? Health, fertility, vitality, evolutionary wisdom. So it's built to our DNA, guys. So you strip it all down, what do we find? We don't want the money. 

We want what we think money can get us. Love, joy, peace. The feeling that we matter, that we're not lost, that something is working. 

And that's where achievement shows up, not as a tactic, but as a spiritual technology. Achievement works as a way to intervene time with energy, with the unseen forces that shape the visible outcomes. So years ago, when I began teaching what's now become the Chiman Manifesting Framework, what you're learning right now, the Manifesting Framework in the past four sections, what started as a side concept has now become the go-to model where everyone uses for applying Chiman to the real world manifesting. 

Because it used to be a side thing, right? The main focus of Chiman is strategic execution and forecasting. And if you've been with me for the last week or so, you've already seen it in action. Some of you even have taken courses where I introduce bits and pieces of this, you know, the workshops that I've been doing. 

So I'll be honest with you guys, right? Those are just the fragments. And yet, even with those partial teachings, we got flooded with great feedbacks, wild stories. You see them? We posted all over Facebook for you guys to see. 

Great results, inexplicable results, and stuff we couldn't ignore. So I kept refining and testing involving the entire framework. And after 30 years, well, 30 years next year, right? And after teaching 15,000 students across the globe and walking through the doors of our Chiman programs, I finally decided that we've had enough of data, enough use cases and case studies and collective live experiences from our students and clients. 

I finally decided that it was time, time to crown this work once and for all, to give Chiman Manifesting its own rightful place. So for the first time ever, as I've told you, in our part of the training, I'm proud to introduce the Chiman Manifesting Academy. This is an all-new training program, a full-scale dedicated program in the intricate art and science of Chiman Manifesting, focusing on 10 specific protocols. 

You've gone through the 9 that I've shared with you. That 9 protocols covers a wide range of aspects, right? From wisdom to luck to relationship, each one with the exact protocol for manifesting, built from the ground up. Okay, so which is the 10th one? Well, the 10th one is called consecration. 

One of the things that students have been asking for the longest time, and we only do this in the China excursion and Taiwan excursions, are when they go to a spiritual place, right? Students like to take their lopans or their very close necklaces and objects for blessing. So in blessing, in Chinese, we call that hui gong. Hui gong means to bless the items, to infuse it with positive energy or spiritual energy. 

So of course, to find a grandmaster in high ups in the alleys of Tibet or, you know, somewhere in the temples to do that is not so easy, and you got to find the right place at the right time, right? So many students ask me, so how do you do that? Is there a Chiman way to do it? And the answer is yes. You can use the consecration method to consecrate things. Consecrate means bless, okay? Let me teach you these simple aspects as well. 

You can do this, okay? So, you know, sometimes your luck might be drained by other people. Sometimes your luck might be affected by people with ill intentions. Not everyone will get affected, just some people. 

Or maybe you're going through a patch of bad luck, okay? You don't feel well, right? You go to a place, you seem to feel affected. One of the techniques you could use is that you could consecrate water. Consecrate water is basically you want to infuse the water with positive energy. 

They do this in temples, they do this in churches, they do this in, you know, sacred places where the water is blessed by so-called divine energy and then you use it to sprinkle over you. But you can do it on your own. So, the way Qimen does it is very simple, right? You find the Qimen time dimension portal where the energies arrive and then instead of manifesting, you turn the manifesting into an instruction to infuse the water at that moment in time with the energy of that particular formation, okay? So, once you have that, you take the water and you can use it as some clearing energy as and when you need it. 

This is one of the ways you can use consecration or you can consecrate your items like your lopan, your compass or some objects. That's the consecration method. The cleansing method is very close to this method as well. 

So, this is the consecration and cleansing method which is protocol number 10. So, if you've gone through the nine protocols, what happens is in this training, if it interests you, it's a training that's built from the ground up around these nine sets of protocol and it's going to be released right after Chinese New Year next year and you'll get lifetime access to this, right? So, let me show it to you here in a nutshell. So, I have the, not in specific order here, that's protocol for spirituality, the karma breaker, the frequency reboot, cleansing and consecration. 

This is what I just talked about, the 10th one that we haven't gone deeper into this. The deep restoration and system resets, the health protocols, the alchemy, emotional alchemy, emotions and relationship protocols, the divine alliance support protocols, the crisis aversion and power protection, protection protocols, fortune catalysts, the luck protocols, wealth, windfall gains and big moves protocol, wealth protocols and finally, you have the unseen to stoppable, the visibility protocol. So, all this together will make up the entire training program called Qimen Manifesting Academy, okay? Now, this is an online training, guys, meaning it's going to be released online and after it's released, you get to keep the lessons forever. 

It's a lifetime access. So, you can repeat it over and over again and yes, inside that training, there will be the guided script that I do. That means for that specific section, let's say on protocol for wealth, you will hear a section that is me going through that and all you have to do is fill in the blanks that you want and the rest will be my voice guiding you through, okay? So, if you find the cleansing ritual useful, then you'll find this even more useful as you go through. 

You also learn the mechanics behind how and why. So, you could actually find the dates and time, fit the protocol, add in the perfect command. If you can't do the perfect command, I will have the sample or perfect command for you. 

You just have to follow through and deploy. So, it's generally done for you. You just have to follow. 

You can learn it along the way but it's also done for you. That's the cool thing about this, okay? So, these are the keys to the kingdom. Your mindscape, your connection to everything else, alright? Now, think of what this unlocks for you. 

If you're stuck around till now, right? Until now, that means you know that this is something that can help you improve your life. Now, what this actually does is this. You can become so energetically magnetic that better financial luck, smarter habits and consistent flow will flow naturally to you until money is no longer something that you have to worry about.

You see, sometimes people think when they talk about money, they feel the resentment, you know, I cannot afford, I cannot afford. Listen, relax. What if this could change it? You're here to change something, are you not? Right? You want to learn to turn a job that you hate into the most celebrated move of your life? I mean, simply becoming undeniable and competent.

This is the true power of attraction and you don't just fix broken relationships. You can give them the chance to evolve into something more soul-aligned and purposeful. And you can bring the joy and adventure back to your life while creating that more lucky coincidence through aligned energies. 

And you want to feel more protected and energetically safe as you step into a bigger aspect of your life. One that is more visible and, you know, that has better rewards. And finally, break free from family trauma and ancestral burdens and invisible energetic depths.

And more importantly, every one of these shifts is pragmatic and grounded, designed to be applied in everyday life across every areas that matters. So how much is it worth to you in finally getting all these things? Let's think about it, right? Even if you can only achieve one or two things that I just talked about, even if it's just a few things, how much is it worth to you? Not only that, it actually took 13 years to get here. And more than 15,000 students went through the Qimen programs. 

Thousands of consulting hours, each with me costing between $5,000 to $20,000 per consult. And some just to work on Qimen manifesting with them. But this, this won't cost you $20,000 or $10,000. 

It won't even cost you $5,000, guys. This training program is at our usual training price of $1,997. And you get to keep it forever, forever. 

And not only that, guys, do you remember this? Remember this? We launched this only once a year and people pay $1,997 for this program. Some of you guys are in the Qimen Academy, yes or no, right? It was originally planned to launch next month in November. We have planned that launch every year is around the end of October or early November. 

Each year, we have anywhere between 1,000 to 2,000 enrollments in the Qimen Academy. And this is since 2013 when this program originally launched. This year, we're doing something extraordinary, guys. 

And it's highly unlikely that it will happen next year. Because next year, we'll separate this into two different intakes with two different tracks. So this year, right now, you are enrolling in the Qimen Manifesting Academy. 

This is our new training program. We are going to include super bonus of the Qimen Academy Classics totally free. Meaning, you get this entire training program for free. 

And not only that, there's a second bonus. You guys have been asking for this, right? The Qimen Explorer at its full capacity, fully unlocked. This is a 12-month subscription and you get this entire system to plot your charts, to read your charts, to do all these manifesting.

You're not only using the day charts, now you can use the hour charts or you can get specific elements, components, the calendar, everything's in there. This is a $1,997 bonus and we're including this as well. And not only that, we also have an additional bonus for this special enrollment. 

And you shouldn't miss this out because these are all independent events that we are selling. And you will see that we're going to announce this in January, coming very soon, the Qimen Summit. This is the first ever Qimen Summit where we are hosting an event, virtual event, so you can attend anywhere in the world, where we get our past successful students, our team, come and speak about Qimen and teach you their methods of using Qimen. 

So you get to see how it works. And if you have a success story, you can also share it in this summit. A lot of people will be at the summit. 

This is a $1,497 ticket. I'm including that in your enrollment this year. Okay. 

And not only that, as an additional bonus, and this is by popular request, we are bringing back group coaching calls. So group coaching is designed to help you with your studies. So as you're going through the training, you might have questions. 

What do you do when you have questions? Well, you join the group coaching where there will be someone qualified, very experienced. We've done this like for donkey years, right? Come back to you and give you the answers so you can learn from them and learn from other people at the same time, at the same pace. So we'll have six of these group coaching sessions also together with our enrollment this year. 

And here's something super special. If you're taking the one-time payment option right now, we're also going to include this very special bonus for you. The entire Qimen Essentials Limited Edition box. 

This is only for the first 50 who are joining right now, and they will get this delivered to them and they can have this in their library and learn everything about Qimen. And one more thing, this is what you guys wanted. For those of you who are taking the one-time payment, you are getting this physical copy of the Qimen 365 Manifesting Planner. 

And by the way, this is the 2.0 edition. The one that you receive, the samples that you've been using for the last couple of days, that's from here. So now, of course, you could get this separately. 

Some of you are requesting this. You could get this separately for $365. It's about a dollar a day. 

There's a link on the page where you can separately go and just purchase this alone, if that interests you. Okay. All right. 

So there you go. Tier 9 is in full swing. Crimson Horse and the Blood God Calamity is coming in the next two years. 

So I'm going to give you a very special gift if you guys are enrolling in this training program. Next year, besides doing my Feng Shui and Astrology event, I have an additional edition that only focuses on the Qimen aspect of 2026. It's a full deep dive onto every aspect of the Qimen annual chart and how to deploy that together with your personal chart for the year of the Crimson Horse. 

So I call this the Crimson Horse Qimen 2026. And it's a live in-person event. This is a free gift. 

If you could make it, please come. It will be in Singapore. In first quarter of 2026. 

Okay. Now, because this is a free gift, if you can take it, it's great for you. If you cannot, then please give the gift to someone who can, because there will be no live stream for this. 

This is only an in-person. It's a very small group. It's kind of like a meeting. 

So hopefully you can. All right. But it's a nice gift. 

All right. Okay. So let's put this all together. 

Right. For those of you who are taking the one-time payment, there'll be something super special for you. The manifesting calendar, physical copy sent to you. 

And then you have the Qimen Essentials limited boxes, limited edition box, and then a gift called the Crimson Horse Qimen, a general ticket to the two-day live event. Okay. So let's put the entire enrollment for this year together. 

This is the Qimen Manifesting Academy. This is our usual price of $1,997. And you'll also get the super bonus of the Qimen Academy. 

So you don't need to buy this separately. And you get the Qimen Explorer for the 12 months. You get the Qimen Summit.

You get the group coaching sessions. And for some of you, you might be getting the Qimen Essentials entire limited box, the Qimen 365 Manifesting Planner, the Crimson Horse General Ticket as well. Okay. 

So the total for this entire enrollment this year, the total value is $10,850. And you're enrolling this year for just $1,997. That is a big 81% discount. 

Now, of course, we do understand that $1,997 might be a little bit of a stretch for some of you. So just to let you know that we do have a six-part easy payment plan. Okay. 

Just contact the team. You can get started for $397. All right. 

So all the codes are here and the links are there. Enrollment deadline will be the 4th of November, midnight Malaysia time. All right. 

So take note of this. Yeah. And I think this will be life transformational. 

A lot of you have learned about the manifesting. I mean, you can do this all on your own, but if you would like it more structured and a lot of detail and almost done for you, then this training is the next level up. Okay. 

Again, if you're not joining us, it's absolutely fine. Right. You can, you have enough knowledge to do it on your own. 

All right. And I'm going to answer some questions here, but I'll just adjust one, one thing. And yes, there'll be a little bit more teachings here. 

Yeah. So I just want you to take note of this. Every investment have a little bit of risk, except for this one guys. 

Okay. Why? Because don't forget, we always have a 30 day money back guarantee, a 30 day money back guarantee. So if it doesn't work out right in the first 30 days and you don't like it, they ask for your money back. 

Why don't you just give it a shot? Right. Sometimes, you know, stepping a little bit out of the comfort zone might be the one thing that can transform your life. And if you look at our track records, we have many, many students that have gone through these doors and they have achieved enormous successes. 

Look at all the testimonials. I mean, on Facebook and on Telegram, you can see it for yourself. Now, I mean, if you think about it in a deeper level, right, what would you usually spend $300 to $400 on a month? Right. 

And what would you actually give you back? Some people would spend on a fridge. You can upgrade your fridge, right. This is $494 per month and get cooler groceries and same life though.

Right. Or the second scenario is you might trick yourself for a weekend getaway, right. That's 550 bucks. 

This is going to Disneyland, Florida, right. You're going to stay there in Disneyland, Florida. That might get you peace for a night and it's back to the same old shit and stress. 

Or you can invest in a new qualification, right. That's what people like to do, right. Those who are more achievers amongst us. 

The average cost of the MBA in US is around $232,985 according to businessbecause.com. And that includes tuition fees, living expenses and other associated costs. All right. So, and for example, Harvard Business School lists a total cost of attendance of $118,000 for a single individual. 

New skills, same wrong timing, no guaranteed returns. Think about it. That's the scenario. 

Which one of these actually compiles and multiplies your results for the rest of your life? If you think about it, what does the fridge actually fix in your life? Did the weekend spa really shift your fate? Spend 18 months, a huge fortune, not even sure if what you've learned will be relevant by the time you graduate. Or scenario four, guys, you can hire me to do the work for you. So, I think this scenario is pretty good and I think this guy is pretty good too, right. 

So, here it is once again, $1,997 tops for all these bonuses that you get this year. This is one of the most exuberant, exciting enrollment packages we ever have for a new program. This is an absolutely new training, never been done before. 

They are the nine, actually ten specific protocols for achievement manifesting. Never been done before. Okay. 

Now, guys, I'll go one step further even. Look, guys, I told you from day one, from part one, I even repeated in part two and part three that I won't be making you an offer. So, this is it.

And maybe you're thinking that, you know, it sounds good but not sure if this is the right time. What if I try and it's not for me? Fair enough. But here's what I'll do for you. 

If you join and you go through the program and still feel that it isn't worth it. So, you just say the word and I'll not just give you a full refund but I'll go one step further. I'll still send you a special gift.

As a thank you for just showing up, for giving your energy, for even being willing to explore this and learn this. Give it a try because I believe that even that little thing matters and I respect that. Okay. 

So, here's something really special. It's called the Achievement Foundation Workshop and it will give you all the basics, right? If you don't know your chart, you don't know what this is, you're confused, you're confused. Some people are like that, they need a bit of help, they're not ready yet. 

Not to worry. I'll still give this to you for even trying. But first, you have to give the 30 days a try. 

At least try because I'm pretty sure it will change your life, right? So, seriously guys, there's no pressure and there's no risk. Just a real chance to experience what it feels like to finally get a line on your terms. And hey, if this isn't the moon for you, that is okay too, right? But I'll tell you this guys, this offer won't be around later. 

Not at this price for sure because the two separate programs, not with this guarantee and will certainly not with this kind of energetic window, right? Because the next time you learn it, you'll already be in the crimson horse, right? So, half the year is gone. I mean, full year is gone, right? And so, if there's even one part of you that's leaning in towards maybe on to give it a try, I'll say try it. The only thing that you risk right now is finally getting it right and making it work. 

I mean, you spend the last week or so, right? Working through your mindscape, building your achievement manifesting framework piece by piece. I know there are some missing links here and there, right? But if you're here with me right now, it means two things. You're ready or something in your life needs to shift. 

Something important and you know that this is it. I mean, you probably have spent your life praying for grace to happen, an opportunity. Maybe this is the opportunity. 

So, the enrollment deadline, midnight of the 4th of November. Oh, one more thing guys, one more thing, all right? So, I'm going to stay here to answer questions. And before I'll call, I want to give you something really, really special, guys. 

Something super special. I'm going to answer your questions. I'm going to do all these questions for you, all right? As long as I can. 

But here's the thing, I will announce this first, yeah? Some of you might want some help with the achievement commands, all right? I can't do that over the Q&As with you guys, but I can tell you where to get them before our special session, the Q&A ends tonight, okay? I don't know what time it ends. The training, of course, officially will be over, but the Q&As will be going on as long as you need it, all right? I'll do my best, yeah? As before the call ends and you are enrolling, I'm going to throw in this $500 value package just for you guys before this call ends. This is called the achievement commands. 

And it is, it's all special cards. And each one of these has the command, if you're using the Chief, you're using the Nine Earth, these are specific commands that you could immediately deploy, quick commands that you could use, okay? So this is something that I think will be super helpful for anyone who's doing quick achievement anytime, anywhere. They're called the achievement commands, okay? This entire deck is $500 in value. 

So if you're enrolling today before my call ends, right, before our Zoom Q&A ends, I'll include this together with you, okay? Only if it's doing today. This is something special, all right? Wait, wait, wait. You want to tell them about the extra special dates? What's that? Oh, the, okay, okay. 

I almost forgot, I almost forgot. For those of you, this is something really special because just before I was doing, starting our programme today, I looked at tomorrow's session. If you see the calendar, right, this is tomorrow for October 31st. 

Between 9am to 11am, there's a very, very special formation using the Destructor Star, which is great for the power of protection. And of course, the protection that in case your power is being drained, your luck is being drained by others, you want to reclaim back the energy, you want to set a protective field for yourself. For those of you who are joining, I mean, some of you are not here already, well, maybe your luck or whatever, I don't know. 

But if you're here, you're joining us right now. Tomorrow, although it's not your local time anywhere in the world, one thing about achievement you have to understand, the thing between hosting, you learn something extra here, okay? If I'm hosting the forecasting, reading, or the meditation, if I'm hosting it live, stream or whatever, then you will follow my chart, okay? You'll follow my chart. If you're hosting, then it follows your chart. 

If you're doing it on your own, you follow your chart at your local time, all right? So tomorrow, I'm going to go through a session where I can lead you through, okay? I will lead you through, it will be live stream, so one of my people will come in and then they will put your voice into, put your guys into the Zoom, and then we'll lead you through that protection protocol. How about that, okay? So I know it's a different timing in your part of the world, not to worry. So what you need to do is by tomorrow, you just have to sit in a comfortable area, right? At my local time of between nine to ten, I'll send you the email later after you enroll, yeah? And I will lead you through this protocol for enhancing protective energies. 

So you're protected at least from whatever chaos and all these whatever issues and challenges or energy vampires that are coming to you in 2026, all right? How about that? Would that be good for you? This is something extra I thought I should add in besides this as well for those who are joining us, okay? All right, so this will be, you will need to know where your soul palace is before you join, okay? Your soul palace direction. So you just have to sit backing the direction, wherever time in the world, doesn't matter because you're following my time, all right? You're following my time and the host will be, the chart will be based on me while you're doing it, okay? And I'll explain more of this when you're actually in the training program for Qibla Manifesting. So and by the way, for those of you guys who would like to learn Qibla Manifesting to help your kids who is living in a, studying somewhere or your parent who is somewhere else, but they don't know how to do it, this is how you do it as well, all right? So you will host the chart and you go through the meditation and the manifesting and you do it for them or with them at the same time, okay? So this is a good example to show you how it's done at the same time you get the benefit, okay? All right, anyway, all right, so as long as you're enrolling before, right, today you get two special additional bonuses, right? That's it, that's the, this one, the treatment commands deck of cards, yeah, as well as this very special protocol for protection that I want to lead you through tomorrow.

The exact time and details will be sent to you the moment after you enroll, okay? Now, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to pass back to the MC, right? And while they're going to set this up here and, okay, the Zoom is not ending yet, all right? The Zoom is not ending yet, I want to do the Q&A with you. They will turn off the screens though, but I'm just going to talk to you on Zoom until, well, whenever, right? As long as you enroll before we shut down the entire Zoom for the day, you will still get these two bonuses, the treatment commands as well as the special, the session tomorrow, the protection protocol session, okay? All right, yeah, it's, yeah, between 9 to 11 a.m., right, as long as you tune in, it's going to be about 10, 15 minutes, you can just find a quiet corner, right, a quiet corner and just sit for a while, you know, put in the, one of these eye masks and just sit and relax and just listen, that's it, okay? Easy, even in the midst of your work, you could do that, right? Go to the restroom or sit in the park for just 10 minutes, all right, okay, cool, if you do that, all right, the link, okay, now you go to the site first and check out the site while, can you guys set up the table right now, yeah, okay, so MC, can you take over for the time being, I just want to make sure I sit correctly, all right, all right. All right, so, yeah, guys, I'm Janice from Team Joyup and first of all, I'd like to thank you so much for joining us today and for sticking with us through all three parts of Joyup's Treatment Manifesting Framework, this is really not the end yet, so don't go anywhere, hang tight because Joey's going to be back in just a bit to answer your questions right here, right, just sit tight where you are, I know it's kind of hard because, you know, many of you are, for lack of a better word, going crazy over what was just announced and honestly, who wouldn't, right, the response has been overwhelming and our team's going nuts trying to answer every single query, every single process, every single enrollment right now, so please be patient with us and do know that actually many of your questions are already answered in that page, you know, when you click on the link, so for those of you who are asking again for that link, well, here it is, okay, someone's going to be posting it right now into that chat, okay, so you've got the link, don't worry, now, rest assured, even with our very limited manpower, we'll make sure everyone is well taken care of, okay, so actually, in fact, I was told that I had to specifically mention these guys over here and their names are Susan Heong and Meng Yu, Hatan Meng Yu and Felicity Yeung, you guys, don't worry, our team's already on the case, in fact, you're in and yes, you've got those limited bonuses, okay, now, I know everyone's asking, did I get the bonuses, quick, please let me know, did I get the Qi Men Essential Box Set, the Qi Men Manifesting Planner, well, I can't make any promises, okay, but last I checked, if you enroll now, you still stand a pretty good chance, okay, as for the Qi Men Knowledgeous T-shirts, they're out, okay, that's offered since the leap of faith, since the last part, okay, so you're not going to get it here, but that said, you know, I don't think we should lose sight of what's really happening right here, you know, what the the big star of this offer really is, which is the Qi Men Manifesting Academy, right, because this is something that doesn't come by, it doesn't come by often and it's the first of its kind and it really takes someone like Joey to put this together, I mean, we're talking about years of conducting countless trainings on Qi Men Manifesting, collecting real data, refining the processes, you know, and these were like tested by him, by the coaches and by our alumni, clients even, and it is the result of all these things, so once you hop on, I guess it's really like standing on the shoulder of giants, you know, people who have already paved the way through the trial and error, right, so you can achieve results much faster than any of them could have, and the best part, you get to actually learn Qi Men Academy first and in that way, you're building your solid first understanding through Qi Men Academy and everything then in Qi Men Manifesting Academy will automatically become so much more powerful and so much more effective. 

Now, for those of you who are still thinking about it, I would urge you just go for it, okay, because I'd say as long as you have that desire in you to manifest and make things happen, go for it, the time is now, within this 30-day money-back guarantee, there's absolutely nothing to lose and if you tried other ways to manifest before, it didn't work out for you, well, this could be very well the missing link, right, so why not give it a shot and, you know, recalling back that story that Joey shared earlier about the man who was waiting for God to rescue him from the flood, I felt that that story really struck a chord with me because he didn't need to drive a car, you know, didn't need to build a boat or buy his own helicopter even to escape, you know, he just needed to give any of those a shot, so yes, I urge you, if you have that desire in you, give it a shot, you'll have everything you need, the core lessons from someone who has helped thousands of people manifest their dreams into reality and the Qi Men Explorer, you know, doing the heavy lifting for you, no need for, like, for you to actually, like, go through all the painful ways of learning how to, you know, read the charts and come up with the structures or look for the things, the components and everything and, you know what, the group coaching sessions, they will ensure that you truly, truly understand and you'll be with a like-minded community to accelerate your growth, really, so I would say you've got nothing to lose in trying this out except that you might have to get used to life finally moving in a direction you've always dreamed of, you know, so be careful what you ask for and speaking of questions, I know you've got a lot of questions, is Joey actually ready yet? All right, hold on a second, let me just check here, they are ready, okay, they're asking me to stop talking now already, all right then, so I'll see you on the other side, okay, and I'm handing this all over back to Joey. Hey, hey, hey guys, how are you doing? All right, so, hold on a second, I think there's a little bit of an echo right now, yep, okay, all right, so I'm back, you guys can see I've set up the, my makeshift office here so that I can see your chats and answer your questions, so keep posting your questions here and I'll do my best to answer as many as possible, okay, why am I in a green room? Just because I've been here all this time and that's why it's very hard for me to teach, I actually can't see anything, I'm just looking at this green stuff and my screen is actually appearing in the front, all right, but a big shout out to those who have just enrolled, Jenny Mei Lan Xiao, thank you so much for joining the Qimen Manifesting Academy, this is a brand new training guys, totally brand new training, so even if you've done my past Qimen Academy before, this is a totally new training, it's focusing totally on the manifesting protocols and yes, inside the protocols there's actually the way to write the command, basically I've just, it's like done for you stuff, all right, if you don't know how to do it, this is the program that's actually done for you and even there's a voice guide similar to the one I'm going to do tomorrow morning that I've recorded, I'm going to do it live and talk to you guys and then I will play that cleansing protocol for you and then it's a protection protocol and then you see exactly how it is done, okay, so basically it's nominal amount of work and oh yes, it will show you how to use this, pick the dates, find the right charts and then just initiate the command at the right time, so basically this is after almost like 13 years in the practice and I sort of accumulated all the ways to do it, make it easy for people to do the manifesting. David Chua says I've recently renewed Qimen Mastery Circle, if you're renewed and you're in Qimen Mastery Circle, do nothing, you actually have the training already, we are honoring all our Qimen Mastery Circle members, we are giving this program to you guys as long as you're part of the Qimen Mastery Circle, okay, yeah, so now I just want to pick one question here, let's start with a few and then I'll go and answer as many as possible here, how many of you here have debt to collect, debt to collect, how many, how many, just type a me here, right, let's type me, who has a debt to collect, yeah, you got a debt to collect, all right, how much, how much is the amount, who here has money that is owed to you or something that is owed to you, two million, oh my god, 20,000, wow, 10,000, 4,000, right, 50,000, wow, look at the chat that's going out right now, wow, 86,000, my god, wow, a lot, okay, it's certainly more than the 2,000 bucks for this training, yes or no, all right, but let me help you first, right, let me show you how you can do some of this, Qimen protocols to change that, would you like that, okay, so I'll show you something and then I would suggest that if the amount is bigger than 2,000 that is owed to you, so it's 200,000, a million dollars, I mean, this investment is only less than 2,000 bucks, right, it's 197, but here's the thing, okay, let's try, right, when someone promises money and fails to deliver, of course, the wound goes deeper than finances because it strikes a trust and also the self-worth, right, each time they delay, I mean, your body replaced the same freaking energetic pattern, right, giving but not receiving, why, why, why, so what should I do, okay, what should I do, so the first thing is you must realize, right, a lot of you are, how much is this worth to you, right, if you get it back, so here's what you do, energetically, this situation is in a wealth realm, so it's governed by the life door, all right, so life door and so at the moment, you see, the protocol works like that, right, you need to see which palace is the issue, is it a wealth issue or is it the human realm issue, it is the blockage, some people have blockages, some people don't have a blockage, some people will say, hey, you know, I just need to manifest and be open to it, so I got two protocols to suggest, the first one is the protection protocol, which is tomorrow, because protection protocol reclaims energetic authority so that others can no longer borrow or delay what is yours, okay, the protection protocol is one of the things you can use, that's protocol number six or you can try the wealth protocol, if you don't think you have that issue, then because it governs big moves, windfalls and wealth, it can resets your receiving field from scarcity to stability, okay, so that could be done, so what you can do now is I can give you a set of, let me see here, yeah, okay, so you use surging snake, how many of you know how to get the hour charts, all right, so you get hour charts, yeah, there's one way you can do it, surging snakes together with destruction door, yeah, that's one way, surging snake together with grass, right, the destruction star or grass star, these two, yeah, so here's the thing, you're going to rewrite this command, right, so I command the surging snake to coil through all the realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms to retrieve every fragment of value, wealth and energy that rightfully belongs to me, okay, with the surging snake power of strategic concealment and illusion, all that was lost, delayed and hidden now reveals itself in perfect divine timing, flowing back into my life, multiplied and renewed, so you need to find the surging snake to get destructive, guys, are you listening, type of one if you guys are following because if you have this problem, some of this is worth two million to you guys, right, okay, so I'm going to make it fast because I will answer as many as possible, yeah, okay, so surging snake, help me release all resentment, bitterness and stagnant emotion, allowing my heart to be cleansed, my spirit to be light and my path to be clear and I anchor this restoration by choosing gratitude, discipline and generosity, this is important, okay, so this part was not in the recording yet, tomorrow there will be no replace for this part, all right, so you better take notes here, yeah, all right, so because I'm trying to help you guys here, okay, now remember every command, every perfect command has to have, okay, if you're complaining too fast, please leave the chat, yeah, I don't like complainers here, do you want it or you don't want it, guys, yeah, do you want in or out, it's very simple, otherwise, please join the program, you can press play, talk slowly, then you can see all the commands slowly because I've written it out in the training, all right, if you're in the training, you don't need this part, all right, okay, so stop distracting me, I'm going to get right here, all right, okay, so now you got to seal it, remember you must say, I anchor this restoration by choosing gratitude, discipline, generosity, stewarding every return blessing with integrity and joy, you have to close this in your own words, okay, then I seal the command across the four realms, seal the command across the four realms, heaven aligns the timing, earth grounds the abundance, spirit directs its return and human acts with readiness, so it is commanded, so it is done, now you do this together with surging snake and a destructive star, surging snake, destructive star in your wealth palace, okay, so you find out where the wealth palace is in your chart, when the time comes, you can use this, okay, or these commands are inside our nine protocols, all right, if you have this, when we release the training, you can actually get the commands and you can modify the commands on your own, all right, so you can go deeper inside the achievement manifesting academy, you will learn how to fortify your energetic serenity and activate your wealth palace and or your debt collection that is that will give you more consistent wealth results, okay, so now simply have to follow that for simple practice and find the next best date for the surging snake and destructive together, entering your wealth and then you initiate that command, okay, all right, how many of you here, how many of you here have a child that needs help, where you have a child or student or someone, right, that you're trying to guide, that you're trying to guide, okay, how many, Juliana, Key, Aaron, Quan, yeah, okay, so, right, who has a child, right, who's that, and nothing you try to do can get through to this child, okay, and nothing you do is, you can get to this child, right, she's 13 and you're having issues, right, okay, yeah, I understand that, right, so now, how much is this worth to you, if this problem is solved, how much is this worth to you, if this problem is solved, a million, over a million, a lifetime change, enroll, unquantifiable, very much, okay, those who say it's very much, come on, what's the amount, really, the reason why I'm showing you this is because if you learn the protocols, you can do this yourself, right, and this training's investment is like, what, $397 a month as a monthly payment, or it's a 1997, so some of you are saying it's 2 million, some it's life value, so I'm just comparing the value you're investing in your training and the value you're actually getting when you actually master this, okay, the achievement protocols, but anyway, let me try to help you anyway, all right, so, it's gonna be a little bit fast, of course, so you gotta take notes, yeah, because I wanna cover as much as possible, so, now, for those of you who experience this pierce in the heart, like watching your own child drift beyond your reach, yeah, you speak with love, yet your words seem to dissolve in air, and every unreturned glance chips away at your confidence as a parent, what once felt like guidance now feels like you're walking through the fog, okay, so, I understand that, right, so, now, achievement, there's this dynamic connection between parent and child, and it lives in the human realm, remember the four realms, yeah, four realms, right, so, the heaven realm, the earth realm, sorry, earth realm, because earth realm governs emotion, communication, and empathy, okay, and so, it's supported by heaven realms of thoughts and clarity, so, when your child doesn't listen, it often reflects a disconnect between the heart star, because it represents expression and sincerity, and also, the open door, which is receptivity, okay, so, energetically, both of you are broadcasting on different frequencies, so, how do we change this? Well, there's one way we can do this by the use of protocol number four, protocol number four is called emotional alchemy, okay, emotional alchemy that transforms emotional chaos into coherence, one of these you can do, and, or, maybe, it depends on, sometimes, you might use protocol number five, which is divine alliance, because you want to invite the right type of support, all right, right type of support, those who work together to shift the field from resistance to relational harmony, okay, so, you need two things here, yeah, you need two things here, first, you need to find the heart star, not in your achievement destiny chart, but in the day chart, or the hour chart, okay, the day chart, the hour chart, what, which chart, guys, day chart, or hour charts, everyone type day chart, or hour chart, okay, day chart, or hour chart, you find it inside here, all right, so, you look for the heart together with the sixth harmony, then the frequency will be right, okay, so, once you connect together, now, you can issue a command, all right, now, there are certain types of command, you can do this, this is a sample of some of the commands that we have in our training, all right, I command the sixth harmony to weave its sacred threads across spirit, heaven, earth, and human realms, harmonizing the bond between my, is it daughter, son, whoever, right, with me, or end with me, and through its power of relationships, cooperation, and understanding, our communication flows with ease, warmth, and clarity, okay, so, now, you do this, you say this, when these combinations enter into your children palace, you know the children palace by looking at your destiny chart, your natal chart, you always have a, one of the sectors, your kid's palace, so, that sector, when the sixth harmony and heart arrives, you can initiate this command, every word I speak reaches his heart, or her heart, I'm going to say his heart, because this is a kid, right, in a way he can best receive it, carrying true essence of my love, steady, patient, and unconditional, and in his presence, I listen with compassion, and respond with grace, allowing our connection to deepen beyond words into shared trust and resonance, and now, you're going to lock it in, you need to say, I honor this harmony by continuing to express love through consistent action and gentle truth, I seal this command in divine unity, spirit blesses our bond, heaven opens her heart, or his heart, earth grounds our understanding, and humans sustain our love in every moment, so, it is commanded, and it is done, okay, all right, so, you combine these two together, you reactivate that bond, okay, so, this is exactly what we deepen, go study deeper in the Achievement Manifesting Academy under those protocols, if this is something that is super valuable for you, you will get this solution inside the Achievement Academy by going deeper into this subject, okay, and some of you think it's priceless, which I totally agree, right, so, these are the protocols, yeah, so, I'm just showing you, yeah, those who have taken a leap of faith, you already have all this, oh, by the way, before our session ends today, before I end the Zoom, all the registrations today, if you're enrolling right now, before I end, you get this as well, this is special, just before I end the Zoom, how many of you already registered, type a one, right here, so I know, so, I can call you out, yeah, cool, so many of you guys, okay, so, all of you here, you get this copy here, okay, right now, and of course, of course, the leap of faith, you already have this, for sure, right, but this is limited to only those, as long as I'm still online right now, okay, so, yeah, okay, so, this is, so, do you guys get this, yeah, okay, no, sorry, this is only for the one-time payment right now, so, if you can do that, we will honor this as well, and also, do something special for you guys, okay, this book, this here, if you are enrolling right now, who's enrolling, stand up, Marites Guavara Bases, right, you're here, okay, I tell you what, I'm gonna sign the copy for you guys as well, Marites, okay, okay, so, this is yours, all right, and all of you guys who enroll right now, only right now, right now, I'm gonna sign a copy for you guys, okay, so, I can't sign all the copies thereafter, so, but right now, if you're already done, I have your names, right, I have your names, I will sign for Serene, Lilia, Tiffany, Gina, right, Michael Tai, Maria Liming, Dorothy, wow, so many of you, right, Ray Park, Esty, of course, Esty, Olga, right, Angeline, Chris, Ionica, Karina Lau, right, Jacqueline, yes, all of you, I'll sign for you, Lip of Faith, definitely, for sure, Theon, okay, all right, I'm gonna answer more questions here, and then I'll continue signing, all right, yes, Lip of Faith, for sure, I'm gonna sign your book as well, all right, and you guys get this, yeah, you get this, yeah, cool, all right, so, the, how many of you got a property that you wanna sell, how many of you a property you wanna sell, just start with me, all right, you got a property you wanna sell, yeah, how much is it worth to you, if you really could sell this property, come on, right, how many of you have a property to sell, 2.6 million, wow, 3 million Sing dollars, right, 1.5 million, right, wow, property you wanna buy, all right, I'm talking about selling first, 60 million US, my God, you guys are rich, 3 million, all right, okay, yeah, so, now, now, how do we do this, right, see, the, probably you tried every method already, you've been listed, now, I just want you to know the value, right, I want you guys to know the value here, that, you know, sometimes people learn something, they don't know whether it's useful or not, I'm just trying to, at the same time, answering your questions, right, and at the same time, also showing you that these protocols are very, very useful, right, it's very, very useful, because it's actually related to real life situations like yours, and you can help other people as well, all right, okay, so, the listings, agents, maybe even price adjustments, there are no movements, all right, so what should you do, you're basically, you're stuck in momentum, now, if you're stuck in momentum, there are certain things that we could do to move that again, right, so, in Qiman, the house is governed by earth realm, obviously, specifically, if you've not studied Qiman before, it's life door, okay, life door, because it governs growth, wealth, opportunity, obviously, a property as well, all right, so, an open door governs movement, new beginnings, for those who understand Qiman, the overlapping of a life door and open door creates this thing called the three victories, right, because it actually opens up one of the victory channels, so, you know that, right, so, when the earth door, earth chi is closed, you want the open door to come into the life door to open the energy up, how do you do that, that's the day chart and hour chart, day chart and hour chart, how many of you know that there are two charts can actually overlap, okay, so, more of this in actually the training, but I'm telling you, for those who can get it, you learn it immediately, okay, so, your task is to reactivate the property's magnetic field, and time your outreach with your, the energies, okay, so, there are two protocols that you could use, you can try this too, to help you increase the possibility of selling and activate the momentum again, all right, so, the two protocols are this, the first one is called the cleansing and consecration protocol, because that actually helps the frequency reboot, clears the stagnant and that is basically hogging that physical space, okay, and the second protocol is protocol number seven, which is the luck fortune catalyst protocol, which aligns your timing, so, your next action falls inside an open cosmic window, okay, all right, so, how do we do that, well, you obviously need to activate the nine heavens or the surging snake, now, for me, I personally like the surging snake a little bit more when it comes to selling, but you could, there's another protocol that uses the command for nine heavens, both of them are also inside the Qimen manifesting protocols, all right, so, shall I give you the command just so that you could do this on your own as well, yeah, would you like that, okay, all right, so, here it is, I command the surging snake to move through the four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms, yeah, to draw forth the perfect buyer from my home with grace, speed and divine precision, okay, with the surging snake, strategic concealment and illusion, all hidden obstacles, doubts and delays shall dissolve effortlessly, the right bias, those who align with truth, value and harmony are guided to me now, recognizing the worth and beauty of this space instantly, and the energy of this probably vibrates with clarity and attraction, calling forth abundance and completion in perfect timing, I offer gratitude by maintaining the space with care, positivity and readiness, knowing the universe honors prepared intention, okay, and I seal this command across all realms, spirit magnetized opportunities, heaven aligns timing, earth anchors the sail and the human realm acts decisively, so, it is commanded, so, it is done, okay, so, surging snake open and life door overlaps, remember this, okay, so, you gotta find the chart, find the chart overlapping your life door in your chart, and you'll find that that's the time you initiate the command, okay, for the details of this, you will find inside the protocols, the nine, the ten protocols that we have in Achievement Manifesting Academy, okay, how many of you are excited to learn this, how many of you are excited to learn this, right, so, cool, so, cool, okay, let me just see the names here of those who have joined us, Shannon Guara, Barbara Forte, Catherine Chin, Clarice Wong, Catherine Cooper, F.Y. Lim, Chan Han Ming, Chung Shan San, Ong Chee Yung, all of you guys are getting one of this, okay, all of you are getting this, those of you who are asking for replay, you don't need it, because you actually have the nine training, nine protocols itself, so, more details are there, okay, so, So, some of them are asking, they have bought a joint program, they're stuck at the next page, the upgrade page, if they don't want it, they can click the button saying, no thanks, that they will skip the upgrade, Oh, okay, so, Kenny just told me that some of you are stuck with the upgrade page, if you don't want the upgrade, just click no thanks, okay, just click no thanks, yeah, can you say that, yeah, you should take it, because it's a really, really cheap upgrade for the additional advanced tier, so, if you want to take it, it's great to have it, super, super beginner, yeah, it's really designed for super, super beginners, because you have the Qimen Academy, and then you actually have the Manifesting Academy, so, yeah, it's really, really great, Qimen Club, if you're going for Qimen Club, text the team, they will give you all the details, okay, all right, so, yeah, if you sign it, who's this goddess, Valerie, Valerie, I'm going to sign your book right here, Valerie, for you right now, for you right now, Valerie, are you still here, yeah, all right, Valerie, you're here, yeah, Valerie, this is your book, it's coming to you, okay, the book's coming to you, all right, and all of you guys who are joining, I will be, I'll sign, yes, Nakisa, I'll sign your book as well, okay, fine, I'll sign it right now, I'll sign it right now for Nakisa, all right, yes, if you're signing, keep the same, if you're signing right now, we're first 500, if you're signing right now, I give you this right now, okay, sign yours too, Chris, I'll sign yours too right now, I'll give you, Melvin as well, all right, Melvin, cool, all right, all right, it's coming to you, all right, cool, I'll do that, I'll do all of that immediately after finish, do you want to hear more, right, I'll give you more of this techniques, all right, yeah, no problem, yes, you confirm a cheap one, all right, I signed two minutes ago, true, true, right, yeah, yeah, I got Ong Yen, Ong Ching Yung, JC, Nakisa, yeah, I just signed your book, Nancy Lim, Julius Liang, Fiona Tan, Helen Yap, all right, I got books, okay, okay, all right, all right, more books here, all right, Beth, you need one, Beth, cool, Beth, I'll sign yours right now, Beth, okay, it's for Beth, Chung Mei Ling, who's asking for alumni, yeah, the alumni, check your inbox, the alumni details have been sent out, if you're an alumni, you get the emails, if not, contact my team, okay, contact my team and you will see that, okay, all right, so how many of you have a problem with your boss and you like solving that problem, how many of you need to get rid of a dreadful boss, right, right, right, we are stuck under a boss, client or a leader that drains your soul but you can't seem to escape, right, who has this problem, who has this problem, Lin Tan, I'll sign yours immediately, all right, yes, dreadful client, same thing, right, it's a problem with people, all right, so how much is this worth to you, how much is it worth to you if you solve this problem, right, your in-laws, oh my god, right, yeah, how much is the problem, what happens if you don't solve this problem, what happens if this continues, worth my soul, medical, yeah, what if you don't solve the problem for the next six months, you got no money, yeah, what else, what if you don't solve it, they will fire you, yeah, so every morning that dread tightens your chest a little more of your life force leaks away, I mean working under someone who's totally draining you, causing you problems, right, corrodes your confidence, creativity and even your faith yourself, right, so how long, how will this affect you, think about it, all right, now, so what do you do, well, what you need is the protection protocol tomorrow, okay, you need the protection and crisis aversion protocol because that will shield your energy so other people's emotions or authority can no longer invade your field, can no longer invade your field, all right, and the second protocol you want to activate is the wisdom and quantum vision protocol, okay, so that it sharpens your foresight, sharpens your foresight so you can plan an exit or redirection for clarity, from clarity and not panic, okay, so now, what should you do, in this case here, you would need to use the six harmony, obviously, okay, you need to use the six harmony and the wisdom protocol, obviously, you need to find the assistant star, right, together with a hard danger net or bow constellation and then in that formation, you command the six harmony for the energy of cooperation, understanding and unity, aligning, aligning me in perfect connection with my boss and all who share my workspace and I command the energy across all four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms to flow through every conversation, this decision allowing mutual respect, support and clarity to blossom naturally, you guys following, continue on, you must say my words and actions are received with warmth and I, in turn, listen with patience and empathy, as this energy expands, I rediscover love for my work, seeing purpose and joy in each task and opportunity every day, okay, all right, so yes, this is also going to be explained in the Achievement Manifesting Academy, you learn how to rise and to be able to use your wisdom protocol or the protection protocol in detail, right, if you find this is something that you're looking for, this would be the answer, okay, now, again, shout out to those who have just joined, you have Christine, Geneve, Ringot, Sing Aik Goh, I'll sign your books right now, we're going to send out these books to you, all right, who else here, let me show your name, I'll sign the books for you, before my call ends today, before Dingya, right, before my call ends, all right, Catherine Joseph Goh Kwan, all right, okay, Katrina Anke D Kuba, right, I'll be signing your book, Patricia Pong, of course, right, Gina Tan, yep, oh, I know enough books here, no more t-shirt though, but we still have some books, right, right, San Budiman, of course, I'll sign your book as well, right, Francis Nelly, right, and you guys are getting this, before my call ends today, right, you are getting this, yes, if you sign up now, Angela Ong, you do get the book and you get this as well, right, so I'll wait for you, are you, if you guys are signing right now, anyone signing right now, Kenny, yeah, I'll just wait, I'll just hold and answer questions right now, who's signing up right now, yeah, yeah, signing up, right, Renee, all right, Belinda, all right, Karen, Bruce, all right, Bruce Tan, I'll sign yours for sure, all right, get more books, yeah, all right, send me more books, all right, more books to sign, all right, guys, you're also getting this, if you are on the one-time payment, right, okay, Casey says it's difficult to sign up, someone please help Casey Kok Ching, all right, if you signed up two days ago, you already got this signed yesterday, you're excellent, Michael Tai, for sure, okay, stuck on the upgrade page, homie, right, no worries, we'll wait for you, we'll wait for you, while waiting, shall I answer another question, yeah, if you took the leap of faith, you definitely have this already, who took the leap of faith, all right, Christina, all right, Christina, I'll sign your book right now, Christina, this to Christina, yeah, all right, yeah, all right, cool, I want you to sign mine as well, they're moving very fast, don't worry, I'll sign all tonight, those of you who are here, all right, right now, let me see, right, was there an upgrade in the leap of faith, everything you have here today is in the leap of faith, okay, so not to worry, okay, link to the academy says can't be found, can someone help please, sign my book now, Angela Liao, sure, I'll do that right now, all right, so, okay, this is for Angela, all right, cool, now, cool, now, I will, how many of you have, let's go for one more first, and then, if you are still signing up, I'll wait for you, then I come back here, right, and I'll talk to you in a short while again, I will, let's talk about one something here, closing a deal, closing a big deal, how many of you, all right, waiting for me, payment, Ching Ching, all right, I'll sign your book, Ching Ching, how many of you have an issue with closing a big deal right now, how many, for Ching Ching, right, how many, yeah, yeah, so, about to close a big, a deal, right, now, think about it, how much is this deal worth to you, Priscilla, okay, Priscilla is stuck on an upgrade page, can't proceed, there's a link that you can just click and you can skip that upgrade if you want to, just click and skip the upgrade Priscilla, all right, is it, how much is this deal worth to you when it's stuck, 1.8 million dollars to a company, recurring business, wow, it's a big deal, yeah, wrong, so, how much is worth to you this deal, think about it, that if it's continuing to be stuck, right, when you, high stakes deals on the line, right, 3.6 million, wow, Hector Tan, Carrie Chow, your entire bonus, wow, Sharon is a thousand dollars, all right, cool, it's still money, right, so, now, yeah, so, if you, if your heart is pounding, your confidence swinging between I've got this and what if I fail, I mean, the emotional turbulence leaks chi faster than any misstep and strategy, glass is a hundred thousand, right, NASDAQ listing, my God, right, I see a lot, right, you compare to this enormous value of the deal and compare that to your small investments in achievement, mass manifesting training, it's only 2,000 bucks, all right, you think about it, so, let me try and help you out here, right, okay, now, in deal making, right, in deal making, you obviously have to think about two possibilities, right, either A, you're using the hero star for the visibility, so, you're seen, so, they will sign your deal or you're using ambassador star, so, that you get the luck, so, basically, it's the luck protocol or the visibility protocol, okay, or for some of you, you might be using the wealth protocol, which is protocol number nine for windfalls and big moves, so, if you're using the luck protocol, that means you're aligning with divine timing, so, every move lands at the right moment and if you are following the wealth protocol, then use it to stabilize your wealth frequency, so, money feels natural and not pressured, okay, so, there are two types of protocols, all right, so, wealth protocols, you got to go with the grass and astrid, aurin and pleiades formation, if you're following the luck protocol, it's going to be ambassador together with horn, neck, foundation, house, heart, tail or basket constellation, okay, so, it depends on which one is most convenient to you and it's going to fall into your wealth palace and or your career palace, depending on whether this is work-related deal or is it your own personal deal that you're looking at, okay, now, what should you do when it comes to that, all right, so, now, I would look at using the moon in this case, okay, because the moon gives us clear information that I would need with the deal because it's all about the details in the deal, would you agree, okay, don't you agree that for deals, the details are extremely important, okay, so, I command, this is how you do it, I command the great moon to shine its radiant intuitive light through the four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms, illuminating every detail, truth and advantage within this contract before me, okay, and with this energy of intuition, patience and subtlety and hidden influence, I see all that is unseen, comprehend in every term with clarity and recognize the pathways that lead to victory, okay, and you continue on, so, every word I speak and every move I make align perfectly with success, guiding the negotiation toward harmony, fairness and the most beneficial outcome, the right people are drawn to collaborate with me, trust and mutual respect govern our agreement, I secure this by preparing thoroughly, communicating with calm authority and honoring integrity in all dealings, I seal this command through divine order, spirit reveals the truth, heaven aligns my timing and earth anchors my prosperity and the human realm completes the deal with confidence and grace, so, it is commanded, so, it is done, okay, so, this will help you close the deal, we will go deeper in the Qimen Manifesting Academy because we train exactly this, how to time your negotiations, pitch meetings, contracts, so, the cosmic realm carries half your weight at least, okay, Angela asks, I'm completely new to Qimen, is this useful or too deep? No, it's completely, completely good and easy for beginners because of the Qimen Academy that you go through first, so, yes, it's perfect for you, Angela, and if you are joining us right now, you get this as well, Angela, and I shall sign your book for you right now as well, Angela, you here, right, Michael Tai, please sign, oh, yeah, I'll sign the book for you, Michael, and Jane Dabu, right, I'll do that for you, okay, yes, yeah, right, have you signed your, Vivian Tan, don't worry, I will sign the book for you, Vivian, right, Vivian, Vivian, sure, right, Wei Feng, right, right, I'll keep signing books for you, right, and also, just a reminder, all of you guys who are joining right now, yeah, oh, more books are delivered, alright, okay, so, guys, if you're joining right now, yeah, if you're joining right now, you shall be receiving a copy of the Manifesting Calendar, which is $365, okay, and I will sign it as long as we're within this, before I end this Zoom right now, I will sign this copy personally for you as well, this $365 book, and we're giving you this $500 command set as well, which you can use for your commandings, okay, yeah, Maria, alright, Maria Alanis, excellent, wow, you just joined the best ever achievement training program ever, Valerie Ariel Van Helten, thank you so much, right, so, yes, Nakisa, nice, nice, you get this, Nakisa, for sure, for sure, okay, right, yeah, so, if you have your questions, you go ahead and post it here, right, I will do my best to answer while we are waiting, how many of you are still enrolling right now, shall I just wait for a little while, yeah, Francisco, alright, Chong Mei Ling, right, Sushma, alright, Gio, alright, okay, cool, Jocelyn, nice, I'll sign your book, Jocelyn, right, sign the book for you right now, yeah, and Sabine, Sabine Goldman, wow, okay, I'll sign a book for you for sure, Sabine, right, Hazel, alright, Hazel Durao, I'll wait for you, Hazel, I'm waiting for you, I'll wait for you to sign up, then let me know, I'll sign your book for you, okay, alright, so, cool, cool, cool, right, Hector, right, Hector, sure, I'll sign your book as well, right, I'll sign one for Angeline Fong as well, okay, cool, thanks, thank you Hector, thanks for joining us, alright, okay, I'm going to wait for those, if you are joining right now, I'm going to wait for you before I end the Zoom call, but how many of you would like to talk about the protocols for launching a business with zero followers, right, how many of you would like to launch a business, you like launch a business, but you have no followers right now, right, how many have the issues, right, you have been creating or promoting something that feels visible no matter how much you post or plan, but somehow you're scared, right, okay, okay, yeah, no leads, right, okay, so, how much is this worth to you, if you could really have a protocol to do this finally, right, how much is it worth to you, let's put a, put a value to it, put a value to it guys, one million dollars, wow, nice, claim, right, claim, Tony Black, 40 million, wow, 20,000 from Melvin, right, nice, right, one million dollars, Katrina, 10 million euros, right, so you know it's worth a lot, right, you know it is worth a lot, a billion dollars, wow, cheap, wow, okay, so, so this is important, obviously it's important, right, so that's why I'm trying to compare the value of these protocols, right, in the training compared to what you guys want to achieve, right, you're investing a small tiny fraction of what you intend to achieve with these protocols, right, Melvin just take my money, very funny, right, but still, yeah, but it's true, the value we are offering here in the training can help you through a lot of this and also you will, you will be able to use this to help other people as well, okay, Ling is asking, already done one-time payment, essential boxes, for sure, you get the calendar, manifesting planner 2.0 for sure, yes, no problem, as long as you register right now, I'll make sure that you have this copy, okay, all right, Mike says sign my book, sure, right, these calendars, we need to get them printed, so before Christmas you get it, they will be shipped before Christmas, the calendars, okay, James, answer your questions, okay, so, yeah, yes, it also includes the achievement explorer, the annual, yes, of course, Karen Tong, sign my book, sure, I'll sign your book, all right, right, so, yeah, guys, can you also help answer some of the questions, yeah, yeah, because it's, yeah, all right, Renee, sign my book too, just sign up, okay, sure, Jaco, all right, cool, I will, I will sign your book as well, cool, all right, Karen, I just signed the book, all right, so, now, Angela Hong, you're enrolled as well, wow, amazing, yeah, this stuff becomes a book signing ceremony, right, okay, so, as long as you guys are enrolling right now, just let me know you're enrolling, so I don't end the Zoom session, and I keep talking to you guys, and answering your questions, so, if you, as long as you're still here, let me make sure, okay, type of one, if you guys are on the signing, enrolling page, type of one, right, type of one, yeah, so that I know that I should wait for you, wow, so, a lot of you guys, right, so many of you guys are there, I will be waiting for you while I answer some questions, and I will continue to sign the book for you, okay, yes, witnessing increased spiritual interest period nine, right before, as is absolutely true, right, some of you can, you see, sometimes, you say, money is a bit tight, I totally understand, I've been there myself, so, the way out of that is knowledge, right, and I do understand that, yeah, there's some investments needed to take this, the course, do you know, sometimes, you can also sponsor, manifest for sponsorships, and help from friends, and family, and the return is, the law of equivalent exchange is, you, once you learn this, you will use your knowledge to help them back 10 times more, when you could do this, there's a give and receive, you, not only that you get to learn this, at the same time, you get to help other people, and this eventually can turn into a career itself, okay, all right, someone wants to pencil the date, I think it's February 1st and 2nd, if I'm not mistaken, the live event that I'm doing, it's a very small event, live in person, so, if you could make it, it'll be cool, just before that will be the FSA, the Function Astrology event, right, and then we're going to move to a smaller venue, we're going to talk about the Crimson Horse, from a perspective of achievements, it's going to be super, super cool, 1st and 2nd of February, yeah, Resorts World, right, Resorts World, Sentosa, 1st and 2nd, February, okay, yeah, so, that's true, but what do you not have friends and family, you can, we can make friends, guys, right, isn't it time, sometimes it's like, should I make the first step to do something to change my life, or do I want to be exactly the same, right, sometimes you have to do that, right, so, once you get that emotion, and, you know, life just transform, and I have some students who, that time was 2014, I remember, and we had a class here in Malaysia, and to come here was like $8000, and they, at that time, it was hard for them to come, because $8000 was quite expensive for them, and so they manifested sponsors, and to their surprise, they actually had the sponsor, and in return, they said, whatever they learned from Malaysia, they're going to go back, and they're going to apply everything for the sponsor, and they got it, and they became practitioners after that, think about that, while helping someone to get educated, at the same time, it turned into a career, so, yeah, Gagan, I'll sign your book right now, thank you so much for being here, wow, thank you, Gagan, there you go, alright, yeah, does this event replaces FSA, no, it doesn't, FSA happens first, and then Crimson Horse happens, okay, yes, Ignatius, I'll sign your book for sure, alright, so, I haven't finished the protocol to get more followers, yeah, so, yeah, now, what do we do, right, so, you know how much this is worth to you to start a business, right, you've been hesitating for a long time, and all that, so, what do you do, well, in Qimen, the challenge of launching from zero belongs to the heaven realm, because now you need some opportunities, and you want people to see you, okay, I'll sign Xiumei's book in a short while, yeah, and then you want the execution belongs to the earth realm, right, that's the visibility and execution, right, so, that you must understand the realms, which we'll discuss in the protocols and details, but let me give you the gist of it, there are three protocols that you could use, either one, or use two, the first one is obviously wisdom, quantum vision protocol, because it clears mental fog, so, your direction becomes unmistakable, sometimes it's about being able to sell that vision, and that vision, that story that actually gets you followers, okay, so, that's number one, number two, obviously, visibility, right, protocol number ten, visibility, unseen to unstoppable, that's a protocol for that, and that ignites your magnetism, so, your presence attracts followers, allies, naturally, okay, alright, so, now, so, what do you do? Well, you remember that you, for visibility protocol, it's protocol eight, you need to use the hero formation, the hero star, together with neck, danger, beak, or ghost constellation, and you want this to enter into your career palace, and, or you want to enter into your your destiny palace, so, future pays this, okay, so, that way, it'll give you the ability to be seen, and the opportunities then will come, and then, when you launch a business, people see it, and then, you get more signups, and then, you get people to, you know, obviously, the hardest thing to do in business is to get visibility and build a business, right, so, this is something you could do, right, so, you use the nine heavens, okay, and, of course, if this overlaps your wealth palace, which is your life door, that will open up even more opportunities, okay, so, you say, I command the nine heavens and the life door, and you connect to the neck, danger, beak, or ghost constellation to open wide across the realms, igniting the energy of ambition, expansion, and unstoppable vitality. 

From the vast sky of infinite possibility, my business takes flight with confidence and divine momentum. Even with zero followers, I stand as the spark that lights the way. My message, my service, and my vision radiate so powerfully that they magnetize the right audience, allies, and opportunities without effort, and every action I take multiplies in effect. 

Every seed I plant bursts into growth and prosperity. The world recognizes my work because it carries truth, value, and heart. I secure this command by showing up boldly and sharing authentically and trusting my purpose completely that it will serve others even more. 

I seal it through the perfect alignment. I know that in spirit, it blesses my mission, that the heavens shall amplify my reach, and the earth stabilizes my success, and human realm executes with courage and joy. So it is commanded, so it is done. 

That's the command, okay. Guys, you following? Yeah? Okay. All right, guys.

So let's see here. Who needs me to sign? Tan Tan. Anna Tan. 

All right. Anna Tan. Let's do Anna Tan's book. 

All right. Cool. Sharon. 

All right. Sharon as well. Anna Tan. 

All right. Yeah. All right.

Yeah. Sometimes you get the sponsors, right? But promise that you will do more for them than they did for you, and things will change. And in fact, in future, you'll be consulting and getting, I mean, you build a secondary career, right? Okay. 

Who else here? Yeah. Who was just joined? All right. Cleve. 

All right. Cleve. All right. 

Cool. Marilyn Clark as well. Cleve and Marilyn Clark. 

Cool. Right. Okay. 

Who is this enrolling right now? Just type a one so I can wait for you. And while I'm waiting, I will continue to sign books. All right. 

One. All right. Cool. 

I'll wait for you guys. Are you guys just typing one so that I just stay behind? Right. Come on, guys. 

Who is that? All right. Cool. Enroll to Sheila. 

All right, Sheila. All right. Is it possible that choosing the wrong? It's moving too fast now. 

I got to see the... Let me see the... Okay. Let me see if I can see your questions here. Is this possible choosing the right ingredients for manifesting according to one of the nine products could clash with another palace? Well, it's not designed to clash with another palace because your intention will set it clear and then the command is very clear, right? Like what to do and all that. 

It tells exactly what is needed. So I don't think it will clash, right? Okay. Jan Sudi. 

I'll sign your book right now, Jan Sudi. All right. Linlian Bower's book. 

Sure. Okay. I'll do that as well. 

Right. Maria Matias. Right. 

Might be running out of books. You better sign up soon. You see? Right. 

Patricia, I just told you how to run the funds, right? Some people might have a funds shortage. So manifest sponsors and help. Okay. 

And be sincere about it because whatever you learn, you need to be able to help them back. Right. Qipang. 

All right. I'll sign your book, Qipang. All right. 

Qipang. Okay. Sure. 

All right. Kit. All right. 

Kit. Okay. Who's joining right now? Just register. 

Santhi. All right. Santhi and Kit and Leah. 

All right. So all you guys will get this book. The Manifesting Calendar is super useful. 

It's super, super useful, guys. Okay. Wow. 

Nice. Let me just call out some of the names that I will be signing the books for. Chihua Chan. 

Right. Mia Hapseri. Right. 

Wong Kit May. Santhi. Zarina. 

Right. Angela Xiao. Maria Christina. 

Cliff Wong. Wong Su Ying. Xiong Yun. 

Welcome to the Qimen Academy, Qimen Mastery, Qimen Manifesting Academy. Xuan Ping Ng. Xuan Ping. 

Right. Charles Tan. Angeline Xia. 

Jolin Ng. Harry Santoso. Yoko Takashina. 

Nice. Nice. Wow. 

Yes. The tomorrow at 9 a.m. Malaysia time, I'll lead you through the protection protocol. I'm enrolling now. 

Juanita Donaldson. Okay. I'll wait for you. 

Angeline. I signed your book already, Angeline. Right. 

Mona. Yeah. You're finding a sponsor. 

You will. Don't worry. Okay. 

I'm pretty sure you will. You'll see that. Yeah. 

So all the course through online pre-recorded video. Yes. To answer Toh, the question, the answer is yes. 

All the modules will be in the online module. Once it's released, you can just watch it online forever. All right. 

So not to worry. Okay. So, an assignment. 

Josephine Goh. All right. Tomorrow's talk is at 9 a.m., guys. 

9 a.m. But if you missed it, don't worry. It's between, you can just press replay from between 9 to 11 the time so you can use the protection protocol. But anyway, in the training itself, you will learn how to do that on your own. 

Okay. Bernard Goh. Please sign on his book. 

All right. Where do I sign and pay? Where's the link? Guillaume is asking for where's the link. Okay. 

Bernard. No problem. I'll sign your book. 

You just registered already. Okay. Nice. 

Nice. Okay. So now, yep. 

On the website, it says 10 a.m. Someone, can you just give the note out? I think maybe it's your time, 10 a.m. I'm not sure. It's supposed to be 9 a.m. Yeah. The Zoom time is correct. 

So when we send in, I'm pretty sure they just switch the time because you're somewhere, right? Casey Kok. Kok Ching. All right. 

Protection command. Don't worry. As long as you can join, you can listen to the protocol. 

Otherwise, no worries. You'll be learning it inside the academy as well. Okay. 

Yeah. The protocol for manifesting. Yeah. 

Okay. So how many of you here have a forbidden tactics? You won't get it anymore because it's for those who take the leap of faith. To be fair, they took the leap of faith. 

That's why they have the forbidden tactics. Okay. So for those who are joining right now, you get something extra tomorrow. 

I mean, there's still people who are signing up later on. They won't obviously miss tomorrow's special session. Okay. 

Now, yes. Emily, just sign up. Wow. 

Amazing. Thank you. Let me just sign this for you as well then, Emily and Melissa. 

All right. Okay. How many of you have a reconciliation issue? Okay. 

Yes. As long as you join right now before the session ends, Leslie end, I will sign your book and make sure that you get one of our manifesting calendar. How about that? Okay.

And those of you who are joining right now, this is special only for those who are enrolling right now. Okay. So type of one, if you guys are still enrolling, so I wait for you because once we log off to this Zoom, then this particular bonus will be gone. 

This one here. Okay. This is the treatment commands right here. 

Okay. If you are here, Sushma, I will sign your book immediately. All right. 

So yeah, the treatment commands, you get that if you are joining right now. All right. Cool. 

Tess, I'll sign your book as well. All right. Yes. 

Must you upgrade? No, not necessary. Don't really have to upgrade. If you upgrade, it'd be nice. 

Great. Because you get the advanced tier as well. Okay. 

All right. So how many of you have a reconciliation issues? Like you had a fallout with a best friend or a relationship or a partnership that feels broken and you need to fix? How many have that? All right. Teresita, you want a command book? This one? Yeah. 

If you're joining right now, I'll make sure that you have one. Okay. Right now I'm asking this question.

How many of you have, can this apply to family? Obviously. Obviously apply to. Why not? Right.

Ex-husband. Right. How many of you need to reconcile? Think about that. 

Right. And yeah. How long have you been feeling this distance and how much have they been costing you? And what has this disconnection already cost you so far in peace and laughter or trust or even money or heartbreaks? Years. 

Oh my God. What happened if nothing changes in the next six months? What happens? What happens if you cannot move on for another six months? Think about it. How much more energy are you losing to this story every single day? Now you compare this value to the value you're investing in the Achievement Manifesting Academy. 

Think about that. It's this, solving this problem really far exceeds the amount that you're investing in the training. Okay. 

But I'm going to give you a glimpse of what you could do. All right. Because this is, a lot of people have all this pain. 

It's high time you solve it. Right. Okay. 

So the two protocols, the two protocols that normally we would use is protocol four, emotional alchemy that transforms resentment into clarity and compassion. And, or we use the divine alliance protocol, which helps with support. And we use this form to magnetize supportive relationships and mend broken trust lines. 

Okay. Angela, Teo, you just joined. You want me to sign your book? I shall sign your book. 

Okay. Right. So protocol four and protocol five. 

Thank you, Angela. Okay. So now, so let's say now you are doing the support protocol. 

Then you need the pillar. You need to find the pillar and the constellation of net ox mount or ghost that is entering into your relationship palace. Or if you're thinking that this is a karmic bond, you should look at your karmic palace. 

Okay. Your karmic palace. So you want these combinations to add in, and then you need to invoke the six harmony deity. 

Okay. Six harmony deity. Now important, six harmony for reconciliation and authentic friendship. 

You ready for the command? Ready for the command guys. Okay. Yeah. 

So, right. Yeah. Someone stuck on the upgrade page, please. 

You can just click no upgrade, then that's it. Right. And yeah. 

Or text the team, they will help you. Okay. So say this or command the six harmony to move graciously through my four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realm, restoring sacred flow of understanding, respect and heartfelt connection between my best friend and me or between who and who with me.

All right. Okay. Through its divine energy of cooperation and unity, our hearts open once more to genuine communication, mutual appreciation and shared laughter. 

All misunderstandings dissolve into wisdom and every past wound transformed into compassion. Our minds reconnect with clarity and ease. Our emotions align in honesty and warmth. 

I honour this renewed bond by choosing presence, humility and kindness, ensuring that our friendship thrives in truth and balance. I seal this command with full alignment that spirit shall heal our bond. Heaven grants understanding, earth grounds our trust and human realm expresses love through sincere action. 

So it is commanded, so it is done. Okay. So thank you. 

Oh, Y-Chan just joined. All right. Do we still have enough books guys to bring some stock over? Yes. 

All right. Thank you. Y-Chan.

Mei-Lin Tan and Grow with Upgrade. Wow. And then I need to sign your book right now, Mei-Lin.

Mei-Lin Tan. Thank you, Mei-Lin. William Tan, of course. 

Sure. And Citrin Wu. Thank you. 

All right. Great. Wow. 

So many of you guys are joining us this year. This will be super amazing. This training will be life transformational because this is kind of like already done for you type of training. 

First time we ever have something like that. Angela Teo, I've signed your book already. All right. 

Chong Sing. Sure. All right. 

Y-Chan, I signed your book. All right. Cool. 

Yeah. Anyone who joined, I'll sign your book later even if I don't do it live right here and right now, but I'll do it before this is done. I'll sign and I'll send to you. 

All right. No worries. Okay. 

Okay. Some of you are thinking of joining next year. Well, next year might not be the same package anymore and it'll be probably 18 months from now. 

I would think, if I may suggest humbly, try manifesting help and support and sponsorship. Sometimes this might be a good win-win situation for everybody. Okay. 

So do try that. Yeah. I think it will be life transformational if you do that. 

Okay. Yeah. Cool. 

Any more questions here now? Yeah. So who's still on the yeah. Maria Grosita. 

Sure. And Desiree. Right. 

Sure. Yeah. Sure. 

I'll sign your book. There you go. All right. 

Yeah. You get, sometimes you get the support, right? It's just like, I mean, you would support somebody, you know, in their education sometimes, if you know that there's value in supporting someone. Right. 

So, you know, sometimes you could get the support when you are willing to help them as well. Right. Cool. 

So yeah. How many of you guys are still on the enrollment page before I end this call? Yeah. Before I end this call, anyone who enrolls right now will get this box set of commands, right? Genevieve, Genevieve, I'm going to sign your book as well. 

Sure. Right. Before we end, right, we're going to, and everyone who's, before I end, I will sign your book. 

Okay. I'll sign the book, the manifesting calendar just for you guys. Some of them are asking a message about the 12 month enrollments. 

Yeah. So they have to come by the office, even Singapore or Yale. Oh, okay. 

All right. So some of you are asking for the 12 month investments. So Kenny just saying, for those who are in Malaysia or Singapore, there is an option for the 12 months or up to even 36 months of installment, 12 months or 36 months, but you have to come to the Malaysia office or Singapore office to, to get that, that range. 

All the information is on the Joint Chieman page. Yeah. All the information is on the Joint Chieman page, right? The link is on the joeyup.com. Yeah. 

joeyup.com slash Joint Chieman. You can see it on the screen right now. Okay. 

Catherine, all right. I'll sign your book. Sure. 

Catherine. Right. Right. 

Sure. So yeah. Cool. 

How many of you are still on the enrollment page? Yeah. Okay. All right. 

Okay. Still on the wrong page. Paul Chin Low. 

All right. BC. All right. 

Type of me if you're still there on our enrollment, I'll wait for you. All right. Because once this end, then you're probably not going to get this anymore. 

Right. Right. Martin Bagard. 

All right. I'll wait for you. Anna. 

All right. Katrina. Okay.

Right. Katrina. All right. 

Sign the book. Sure. Right. 

36 months is for Malaysians and Singapore card. If you have someone who can help you with that, then we can obviously arrange that. All right. 

But you have to come to the Singapore office or the Malaysia office to do that. Okay. Right. 

So now, any of you, Annabelle, sign my book. Sure. Annabelle just enrolled. 

Nice. Thank you so much, Annabelle. Wow. 

Many of you guys here, right? Tonight. Amazing. Annabelle. 

All right. Eleanor as well. Eleanor. 

Sure. Eleanor. Right. 

I think we need more salt. We don't have four more books left. Last stack. 

Last stack. Okay. Last stack for now, but we're going to get more. 

We're calling the warehouse. We're calling the warehouse now. Right. 

All right. So, right. Okay. 

Yeah. This is the last stack. Who's here? All right.

So now, for those of you who would need, you go find your friends. All right. Friends and find families that you wish to help. 

People that you want to help and then be sincere about it. Okay. I'm pretty sure with sincerity and people that you really want to help and you have a genuine heart, you can attract someone who's able to support. 

I'm pretty sure. All right. People have done that so many times. 

Okay. Chung Wai Kit. Sure. 

Chung Wai Kit. There you go. Right. 

Someone's asking how do they upgrade. All right. If you took leap of faith, we'll send you an instruction. 

Kenny says he will send you an email right now. Okay. Yeah. 

The protection link will be sent soon. Don't worry because we're still here doing this live event right now. Okay. 

Right. Sushma. All right. 

Sushma. All right. Sign Sushma's book. 

I will sign Sushma's book. All right. And Cheryl. 

And Cheryl as well. Okay. How many of you, let's talk about one more protocol I think you guys will be very interested in.

Right. And if you are joining right now, this could be the last call. Last call before I end the call.

Before I end this, after I end, no more, no more treatment commands. All right. No more treatment commands. 

This is the last call now. How many of you are still on that page? On the enrollment page? Right. If you're still on the enrollment page, just type the type of word, wait for me and I'll wait for you. 

All right. I'll wait for you.