Welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, we'll Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, To be honest, my first journey with Qimen is because I followed Jato quite early, before he even started Qimen. So when he first launched Qimen, I was like listening, I was like, wow, quite impressed to know that I'm chief. So I think 2015 I took his getting whatever you want from whatever you got class.

After that, then I took out Qimen Academy, but 2017 the year where he first launched Thrive, I also decided to take out Qimen Mastery. So what makes it very interesting for me is that prior to attending the actual Qimen forecasting class, just with the books alone, I helped my friend diagnose his illness problem. So a friend one day was saying that suddenly his left ear lost the hearing.

So because he is a doctor, I say like a professor in a research place and they have extra doctors there, they say that his issue may be chronic. So for me that time, even though I did not know any much Qimen, but based on my knowledge and I know that I'm a chief and I use the books, I carefully, I told him that your illness, star green is with life doll, so it is not as serious, it can be cured. So what he did is that he went to buy a TCM to use acupuncture on his area of the chin area, jaw area. 

Then later discovered that his wisdom tooth growth, so it is actually pressing on his nerve for the hearing. So after he did the acupuncture, hearing begins. So that is one thing I know that Qimen can actually save life and then save a lot of problems and issues. 

I believe that using Qimen is actually there for helping people to make the decisions especially if you know that your decision is supposed to be actually good and pure. I even have friends who during COVID time using day chart like the chief every day, she says that her career is getting better because I think the Qimen monthly calendar they will have the daily chief direction. All these resources are out there so we just need to actually learn how to use and apply to make it to our advantage.

Hi, this is Patricia Battler. Let me tell you my Qimen story. Sometime back we were driving down the road and we hit a rock with our vehicle.

It rendered it undrivable. We were stranded on the side of the road. This was at night during the pandemic, close to a holiday.

Most businesses were closed and I realized that we were going to have to spend the night there on the side of the road. What happened is that I ran a technique that is to invoke the chief. So that is exactly what I did. 

I backed up to the nobility direction and invoked the chief. Within a couple of minutes on my phone, there was an ad for a car dealership from the same make of my car. I called the number. 

Somebody answered. They sent help. They sent a tow truck, took us to their place, gave us hot coffee, a blanket. 

They gave us a loaner and we were able to come back home that same night although we were 500 kilometers away from home. This was an extremely dire situation in which we got out of very quickly, very easily using a technique which is backing up to the chief and invoking the nobility asking for help. And help came.

This was one of the techniques that I learned from the Kimen Academy. It was extremely useful, very timely, very simple. I appreciate so much that I was able to take this class and for all that I got out of it.

Thank you. I hope you enjoyed my Kimen story. This is Patricia. 

Thank you. Bye-bye. Sometimes I land under the moon I thank God I'm breathing And I pray don't take me soon Cause I am here for reasons Sometimes in my tears I drown But I never let it get me down In December last year, I was offered a property and this property loan that I have to obtain is a minimum of 80% loan.

During that period, I was wishing for a 75% loan and the bank officer was telling me that due to my age, it's not possible to give me that loan at 75%. So what I did is I asked my searching snake to find the opportunity so that they were able to grant me at 75%. So after two months, when the letter of offer offered me, it was at 75%.

If you have the patience and have the determination to ask your deity, your wish will come true. Initially, I was actually a non-believer in weather physics. However, when I did dive into the Qimen area, I actually understand and the more I manifest, the more positive outcomes have actually shown me.

One day, this all will change. Street people will say Stop with the violence, start with the hate One day, we'll all be free and proud to be One day, we'll sing a song of freedom like One day, one day, one day One day, we'll just say that we don't want... Okay, are we all on? Yeah, we're all on, we're supposed to go. Nice. 

Alright, time for one of you guys already. Everyone! Okay, let's see who's online right now. We have Amanda, Victoria Chu, Zee Swan.

How are you guys? Nalini Pillai. Okay. Alright, we have Anita, we have Savannah, we have Darren.

Thank you so much for joining me today. Okay, nice. Carson, nice. 

Melissa Lim, Pei Xuan. Good, good. Keep coming, alright.

Now, so now we are at our part two of our training. Did you guys participate in the telegram cleansing? Have one of you guys participated? I can see some of your names are there. Wei Han, definitely.

Alright, we have Yap Wei Han and Chun Wei Han. Alright, same names. You guys are there? Okay, nice. 

Great, great, great. Now, if you've missed it, like some of you I see right now, like Vinod, you've missed it. Bianca, you didn't know. 

Oh my god. Alright, so, well, then we still have to go through this because we cannot backtrack. And no, I'm sorry we don't have another day, right? So you just have to go through this first and then backtrack at the end of our training.

I know you've missed out, right? But here's the thing, right? Sometimes moving forward is the only way then to backtrack for those who missed. Okay, it doesn't mean that you can't learn some more. It just means that it's, you know, you haven't done one part of it, let's just not miss the next part too.

Okay, let's not miss this. So I know there's this FOMO kicking in. Oh, I didn't do it, didn't do it, didn't do it.

What to do? Surin? Kumar? Okay, we'll just continue, learn something. Is it okay? Right? Because right now we have lots to cover. I've got lots to cover.

We are learning a whole subject called Chiman Manifesting. And I want to go through the entire framework with you guys. So, of course, it would be great if you could participate and do this at the same time.

But if not, you've missed out one or two parts, then we'll just have to move on and backtrack when it comes, when after the training, there'll be some sessions where you could actually take it and then do your own purifying and you know what's the next step forward and we'll take it from there. Okay? Cool. So we do that.

Now let's have a look at where we are. We are talking about the Chiman Manifesting Framework. And the way this training, this time we are doing this, is there's four parts to this training.

We've done part one, which is the awakening. I even sent out a short summary, right, for you guys. You got the summary as well? Yeah, you get it? Yeah, Lily Cooper? Guys? Maria? Yeah, you got the summary? Okay, cool.

So that's a 10 minute sort of debrief, not debrief, it's like a recap of the day that was sent to all your emails. Now if you're not receiving my emails or from my team, it's quite likely that it went to the spam or somewhere else. I am 99% sure it went to the spam.

And so you guys have to do your own part to check it out. I know you keep asking us, but we cannot undo your spam account, whatever that is. So please make sure that if you're using Google, Gmail, or any of your email providers, you put us on the safe list of emails.

If you save our contact, it's generally in the safe list. Okay? Anything from our email address. Guys, can you put our official email address? Yeah? Just so you know.

Right. Yeah, this is our official email address that we're going to send over to you. So if we have any of the updates and stuff, it's going to be on this email.

Okay? The reason why I keep saying it is because people missed it and then they say we didn't send any emails, which we did. We always do. We tell them when the event is, when the live stream is going live, and sometimes impromptu.

Impromptu means all of a sudden, I decide that I might go on Telegram and talk to everybody. Then I'll just do it, and then I'll try to tell you guys on email as well. So you've got to do that.

I know I get scolded for something. Why are you going impromptu? You didn't announce to me earlier. Because it's called impromptu.

It's like when I feel like it, I go online. It's like when you feel like it, you want to go live, and you have time to do it, you do it. I know it's nice to give a heads up, but sometimes, well, for the special few who need special attention, those people I can't handle.

Right? They need to manifest peace. Right? So, I will try to send you an email and let you know if I decide sometimes to go impromptu. But being on this Telegram channel is important.

Right? So this is the Telegram channel thing. Be there. Because sometimes we go live, live, and or not, at least the message is there for you to see.

I keep you guys updated from there. Okay? And also, to address Malini Nair and to address Daniel Wong and Ashley Liu, Brian Ong, I saw your messages. And you guys have been to my achievement training before.

And so you wanted something more advanced. Just like some people here who was keeping quiet but didn't say much. Here is this code here.

This is for those who are already at an advanced level of achievement. Okay? So, you want to learn something else. This four-part training is for beginners.

So, 90% of you guys are beginners. Okay? So, if you guys would like the more advanced training, there might be a different route we're taking, different training, when it becomes available. Right now, we're doing for beginners only.

But when it do, when we do have it, you can contact this, you might as well contact this one and talk to the team. They keep you informed. Alright? So, if you're a practitioner, you're a master, you are professional, wants advanced study, or you want to turn this into a business, achievement consulting, this group.

Okay? So, I don't mix the two groups together. This is higher level achievement practitioners. Got it? Okay? And just a quick one.

So, we are at part two, right here. Right? We have done part one, and today is going to be about divine guidance and alignment. We did, we talked a little bit about 10 gods, but today we're going to go deeper into the, decoding your charts, obviously, and giving them the right, I'll give you the right framework to actually align to the energies, to align with the energies to get to where you want.

To get the outcome that you want, to manifest the outcome. So, today is very important. You learn more about your achievement charts today, and then we'll formulate the perfect command in part three.

I call it the perfect command because many people don't do it right. Just from looking at your assignment alone, I know. Okay? By the way, guys, did you guys watch the thing we did? Was it on Telegram or Instagram you guys are broadcasting, or was it on Facebook? One of these, right? I can't remember.

But, did you watch, if you're not watching, right? Karthik? Yeah? Nathan Lee? Did you watch the, where I recap the assignments? Okay, so I don't want to take too much time during this training to go through the assignments. You should rewatch the recap there. I just showed you, and I actually did a breakdown of how a lot of people don't know how to do an assignment properly, and how it should be done.

Because the assignment's purpose is to help you guys gain clarity. Because, as you know from part one, right? If you don't have clarity, which is the main reason why a lot of our manifesting doesn't work, Cheeman manifesting can only be outstanding to get rid of all your problems, and to manifest the outcomes that you desire, right? Maybe in terms of the types of career, the type of people you want in your life, to design the life that you actually want. That clarity on what that actual life is like is important.

And it's not an overnight thing. A lot of people don't know what they want, even in their late 30s, late 40s, they still don't know. They generally have an idea of what they dislike, right? Lots of complaints.

If your life is full of complaints, you don't like this, you don't like that, this, that, you don't like, you realize that you need a lot of manifesting, right? And by complaining, you're also manifesting a lot of things that you're complaining about, right? So, you have to have a technique for this. And that's why we start with the assignment. And so, if you were cynical, like some of you I've seen, right? Justine Teo, Stephanie Lau, right? You didn't do the homework, right? So, you're cynical.

So, you thought you could skip that part and then manifest greatness. It's quite likely that you are the ones that cannot manifest the outcome. And in fact, you're manifesting, in fact, the opposite of what you intend to manifest, because you actually didn't go through that.

That's why, you know, the homework's important, okay? You gotta go through the assignments. All right, so, watch those recaps, all right? I reviewed it, I've recorded it. If you missed it, go and watch it.

Okay? So, now, I want to start today's training with this picture over here. Okay? You know, as the saying goes, right? It only takes one match to start a fire. One match to start a fire.

And this fire is a metaphor for igniting your spiritual alignment and divine guidance. It just takes one fire. Okay? So, I want to begin today by giving you this kind of riddle here.

I mean, some of you have seen this before, some of you have not. So, here, these are all made of matches. Five plus five equals five.

Now, you know the equation is something wrong here. Now, here's the trick. Everyone, we're going to take, like, a few seconds.

Okay, maybe more than a few seconds. Just move one match to make this equation correct. One match.

One match, everyone. Let's send this on telegram as well for them. Okay, guys? Send it to a telegram so they know.

Just move one match. Okay? If you've not done it before, if you've done it before, don't tell the rest yet. Those who have not done it before, please put your answers down.

Right? You draw on it and then you send it back on telegram. Okay. Yeah, which match do you move? One match.

Yeah, just one. How to make this correct? Now, on the surface, it looks a bit tough. Yes? Who's got it already? Yeah, some of you got it, right? Charlene's got it.

Kyson's got it. All right. Cheryl.

All right, those who didn't get it, who's not yet? Okay. So, yeah, all right, so here's how you do it. Okay, ready? Here's a brief review.

You see this, the plus? Just remove that and put it this way. There you go. That's the answer.

So this is the one fundamental change. And the reason why we use this analogy, guys, is so that, to let you know, sometimes all it takes is one small shift. One small shift to transform your life.

Let that sink in a little bit. The entire four-part training is for us to find or at least start that one small shift to get to where you want to be, to get to an outcome, right, to manifest the great life that you always think about. It could be just that one shift.

Or all our life we're thinking whether we should be putting it, you know, just like this, right, this number? Instead of putting that plus to equal, we're trying to move it to numbers. Some of you did that mistake. Try to move the numbers around.

Try to change the font and change the numbers by putting it there. And then it doesn't work out, right? So there you go, right? A lot of people don't know that the shift is just one. And it's just like the match.

Once you light one, everything will start to ignite. So that's the goal, not just for today. Today is to find that one match.

But the goal for the next few parts of this training is to make that equation work for you. That's Chiman Art of Manifesting. Now I want to ask you guys this very important question.

How many of you have gotten used to mediocrity? This is an important question. How many of you are used to mediocrity? I ask this question because a lot of us have normalized being average. Or worse, we have normalized being below average.

Now I want you guys to be totally honest with yourselves. Because in order for you to get to manifest an outcome, to actually design the life that you want, it really begins with being honest with yourself. Not the cynical answer.

Not the cynical, cynical shit. The less cynical you are, the better you will be with designing your future. Because some of us have normalized being cynical as well.

Right? Some of us have. How many of you know someone who are very cynical but they don't know it? How many? Right? You see this? Praveen? Sunita? Right? Who you mean? Yeah, good. You have people like that in your life? Who is that? Your husband? Alright.

Cynical. They know everything. And yet they don't know everything about it.

Or they have normalized. They give you all these excuses for why they are not succeeding. Right? Why they don't... Oh, you know, I don't need to be rich.

I don't like money. This sort of thing. That's all stupid answers.

Right? So, I tell you this because it actually started when I was 15 years old. I think some of you know my story. But I want to say that again.

When I was 15, I visited a fortune teller in Sungai Wang. Sungai Wang is a... At that time, when I was 15, the type of mall that everyone hangs out. Right? That's where the cinemas are.

The food are. And all the kids at that time in our school days. We like after school.

We're going to hang out there. We're going to watch a movie. You know, stuff like that.

So, there's this fortune teller on the 4th floor. Right? In fact, there are a few of them there. I visited this one guy.

This old guy who does... Now, I know it's called Ba Ze. Back then, I didn't know what he was doing. But he was calculating my destiny.

And then he was just saying to me, You know, young man, based on your destiny, your life, you will be poor until 45. Exact words. Poor until 45.

And I asked him what happens after 45. And he said, exact words once again. You will get used to it.

So, in their mind is, you're just poor. But you got used to being poor. So, being poor is no longer a problem.

That's their solution. Now, I didn't want to be poor. In fact, I wanted... I wanted to change the outcome.

I didn't like what he said. I mean, imagine you're 15 years old. Someone predicted your future that you'll be poor.

Now, did he read the chart wrong? No. He did not read the chart wrong. He just read it and thought that it's easier to accept the easy thing in life.

By not being rich is part of my destiny. By not getting to that point of having what I have today, to him, it's normal. Why do you want to work so hard? Because it's philosophy.

A lot of people will tell you, you don't need to work hard. Don't get overwhelmed. You must enjoy life.

You must wake up in the morning, be able to breathe. If you've normalized mediocrity, it's fine. But just don't complain that you can't afford this, cannot afford that, cannot afford healthcare.

You're being alone. You don't want to be alone. All that stuff.

The thing is, the moment we start to normalize, it's okay. It's one of the ways we can escape. But the problem is this.

What if you wanted more? What if there's more to your life than there is right now? You are not just going to be a Grab driver or Uber driver forever. What if there's more? Are you satisfied being this? Those days, people would say, if you're a taxi driver, or if you're a truck driver, is that all it is? Or at some point, maybe you're destined for more. You just got used to being average.

So the thing is, should we do something about it? Because for me, I always thought that at the time, success might take time. Because that was what I was told. How many of you, people told you this? That success takes time? Yeah, right? Success takes time, takes effort, takes a lot of hard work.

Now, that is true for a lot of people, but then there's also some people, success is way shorter right now. Right? Success took, they have shortcuts. Well, not exactly shortcuts, but there are different ways to get there, faster ways to get there, yes or no? Okay? So, I think it's a question of not getting used to your accepting being average is the first key to transformation.

Because then, being around people, you don't need money, you don't need this. While it's okay if you already got that, like you're saying, I don't need the Lamborghini, it's only after you have the Lamborghini, right? So, it's different. So, when you're in a room, and someone takes a shit, it smells really bad at first, but after a while, not that the room stops smelling bad, it's just that you got used to it, you don't think it smells bad anymore.

It's only when you leave the room, and if you ever walk past that room again, you realize how much it really stinks. Right? It's just like someone who's really stinking, who's sitting next to you, your co-worker is freaking smelly, right? After a while, you just got used to his shit. It's not that he doesn't stink, it's just you got used to it.

So, getting used to it is the cost that is affecting a lot of our life. We call this inertia. Okay? Inertia is just let's keep doing the same things we keep doing anyway, right? Because we've been doing it all these years.

So, if you're getting certain types of results right now, like lack of money, it's a big problem for a lot of people, lack of resources for good health, lack of the ability to enjoy life a bit more, right? Instead of telling yourself you don't need it, why don't we change the way that I just need a new strategy to get there. Okay? So, maybe that's the thing. Maybe all this time, all it is is because you got okay with it.

And so, we don't take action. And so, not taking action led to this type of issues. Okay? And obviously, you might not have a problem now, but the problem can come one day, isn't it? Imagine having sudden illness from a family member and you don't have the resources to help them.

That would be real suffering, not just for them, but for you. Right? Imagine not having enough resources when your aging parents actually need it or an accident happen, you actually need to do something. Okay? So, having the resources is actually important, but not doing anything, the cost of inaction now will cause an even bigger regret in future.

There's a cost to not doing something. There's a cost to not becoming better. There's a cost to not pursuing the dreams.

So, when you realize this yin and yang, this realization itself is the first key to allow you to change destiny. Okay? I don't think anyone grew up with the whole ambition is to be an Uber driver. Right? Or to be a taxi driver.

Yes? I say taxi because a lot of people don't know what a taxi is nowadays. But would that be your goal? I don't think so. Right? You're not going to be an errands boy forever.

Your goal can... If you're okay with it, you accept it. Right? So, the right action is not always about adding stuff, as you could see. It's pretty much just about realigning stuff.

So, whatever you need to succeed, you are already born with. Whatever is in your destiny chart right now, your achievement chart, let me give you this assurance that's already there. Okay? This is from my almost 30 years.

In fact, this is going to be 30 years in the practice of metaphysics. I have that realization that whatever we need to succeed is already in the chart. It's a question of shifting one thing, maybe two at most.

And when you do that, things change. Okay? Things change for the better. So, never say never, guys.

Right? Never say never. Now, cleansing is important. I know some of you didn't do it.

Right? You learn how to clear out the negative things. So, at the end of our four-part training, because I know some of you missed it, or some of you didn't do enough, I'll show you a way, moving forward, what you can do to do this cleansing. Okay? You should do cleansing a lot of times, in fact.

Some people need it a bit more. Some people need it regularly. Remember I gave you the example from our previous training? You know, remember the pee thing? I know it sounds gross.

Yeah? Jessica? Ryan Chua? Yeah? Taiwan, you're watching? Tell me one of you guys that's still listening. Are you following? I'm saying, right, remember the example of the urine on the cup? If you want to, you can't just add whiskey or add Coca-Cola or add whatever into it and say it tastes nice. It's still pee.

Right? You got to remove that and wash it nicely and, you know, sanitize the whole damn thing and then only you can use it. Some of you won't even use the same cup, right? So, that's the thing, right? Elimination of the toxics, right, that a person has in their spiritual energy, their mind, their heart is important. And that itself is an important practice.

Sometimes it could be the main cause for not manifesting the things that you want. But having said that, having said that, you also cannot over-detox. Having said that, you cannot over-detox.

Yeah, overdoing it. I've seen people, right, in our training, not in my training, but some of our courses, when they come, I look at them and they go for one pilgrimage after another because they're going for their spiritual detox and every year they go for three or five types of purification thing. I mean, you can't over-detox yourself just like anything in life, right? So, overdoing anything is not good, right? Overthinking is not good, over-eating is not good, right? Over-exercising is also not good and the same thing, over-detoxing, over-purifying is also no good.

Now, just so you guys know, this part of your learning is very important. Why is it that you couldn't manifest what you want to manifest, right? Part of it is because you have too much shit that you didn't detox or you're overdoing it. So, how do we know? Well, generally, there are three groups of people.

The first group is the low-energy people. Low-energy means no courage, they're easily overcome by fear and too easily distracted. Okay? Lack of courage, right? Everything they want but scared to do, scared to do this, scared to do that.

Now, it's not hugely painful to have no courage. It's just very frustrating to have lack of courage. Okay? You know, it requires courage to stand in front of other people to present, to ask for what you deserve, right, to give value, to make a transformation, and to overcome problems.

It takes courage. A lot of people don't do that not because they don't know what to do, just they don't have the courage to take that step. Okay? And so, they're easily distracted by a lot of smaller things.

So, this level of alignment needs to be understood because, you see, we can have blockage in terms of our manifesting or backfire in our manifesting not for all areas of life, right? You got to investigate. Maybe just some area, like it might be easier for some people to manifest their careers, right? Every year, they go from one level to the next level. Certain things are super easy for them but certain things are very hard for them.

It can be possible. Certain things are easier for some people, right? Like you're manifesting for some people in their career, they just, you know, every year they get better and better, right? But when it comes to their own personal life, relationship, impossible to get someone to connect with them. So, certain things, how many of you agree with this? Tell me here.

Certain things are easier for you and certain things are harder, right? Yeah? How many of you feel the same? Some things you can manifest, some things cannot, right? Okay? And some things backfire. The more you want it, the worse it becomes. Right? It backfires.

That's why I say you have to investigate and fix that first before you actually start doing manifesting. Okay? The keyword here is patience because some people are not patient enough to go through this process. Okay? So, I call this level of alignment.

They are low level energy on certain areas will help you manifest the wrong thing. Certain levels of high energy manifest the right thing. Okay? And the second part is the self-imposed beliefs.

A lot of people have self-imposed beliefs subconsciously. I call this the invisible chains that are holding you down. All of us have it.

It's a question of whether or not we could actually see that type of invisible chains. Some chains are easier to see. Some is harder.

Like the one I just said, right? Some people absolutely believe that hard work is the only way to success. That they got to work hard. Right? Hard work is the only way.

Okay? Because it was told like this and, you know, you are brought up like that, that that's how you make an honest living and therefore must be hard. If it's not hard, you won't get there and because you didn't work hard so you don't deserve the success, you are manifesting the actual state that you're in because you didn't give that hard work. Okay? So, in some ways, every cell in your body don't believe that it can happen.

Okay? It doesn't believe it can happen. And this part here is not so easy to change because the word invisible chains, right? Chains, not changes. Invisible chains is invisible for certain reasons.

Manifesting windfall gains is, in fact, hard for some people, hard for a lot of people, especially for myself. Now, because all my whole life I grew up, people always told me there is no easy money. Never.

Okay? So that is a big chain in my mind. No matter how, what do you call this, logical my mindset is to break it, but I know it's tied very deeply into my, how do you call that, subconscious. Yet there are some people who just keep winning.

They keep winning, they keep, they don't have a problem. Right? I'm not talking about big, big numbers, but even small, small ones, right? Small bingos and small little windfall stuff, they keep winning, right? They win a prize, they win this, they win a car. I got students coming to me because they don't have this chain.

Because maybe someone in their family seems to be able to do that, so for them, they don't have this invisible chain. Right? So invisible chains, it's called invisible for a big reason. Okay? So, everyone has this.

Right? For some people, that chain is not on windfall gains, it's on relationships. It's just for them, it's, they can't break it. Okay? So to, to eliminate this, it takes time.

I mean, I'm saying it takes time, but it takes the right match. That one match, that change, and it'll be gone. So, and we keep doing this for our whole life because there's so many of these chains tied to different things.

Right? Some people will never, never, never accept that they're, they will deserve the right partner and somehow the chain is always there. Right? Now, there's another name for these guys. The name is called karmic bonds.

The spiritual guys call this karmic bonds. For us, we call it the invisible chains. The same thing.

Now, there's another group of people who are clueless, don't know what to do. How many of you agree that the new strawberry generation, a lot of them are like that, right? Don't know what to do. Even they did the wrong thing, they don't know they did the wrong thing.

It's like, what's going on? Right? They don't know what to do. You hate hiring these people, right? Oh, what to do? They're full of these people. Well, having said that, there are a lot of 20 year olds that are absolutely clueless, but then there are also a bunch, for me at least, that are pretty smart.

Okay? So it's a question of hiring or attracting the right ones. It cannot be out of 20, all of them are dumb, right? Some of them are pretty good. So, while clueless, but if you understand what actions to take, your life can still change.

Yes or no? Okay? So, that's kind of learning how to use the daily doors, I'll show you that today, the daily doors that can allow you to understand what actions to take. Okay? Now, so, but the first thing we want to do here is to check if any of your manifest things are backfiring, because it's important. Sometimes, you know, when I say backfiring, it's these guys.

There's two parts to manifesting, right? Sometimes, not getting something is a good thing. We call that Divine Blessing. So today is about spiritual alignment with the Divine.

So you keep, you want to get something but you keep not being able to get it, because on a Divine level, spiritual level, it's protecting you. So you don't get it. But then, the other half the time, you're not getting because you're actually dumb.

You're doing stupid things. So you want to make sure that it's not because you're doing the wrong shit, that they're backfiring yourself. So, the key is, you need patience to find out.

Because for the answers, for the universe to come to you, it takes a bit of time for you to find out the truth. So if you're not patient, you probably won't understand this. Okay? So, Qi Men, there are many different techniques of Qi Men.

One day, when you reach to the part where we're going to talk about forecasting, you'll absolutely love it because forecasting is the majority, the main power of Qi Men is to forecast outcomes. Right? But, in a nutshell, Qi Men is the way of the strategists. The whole system itself is a playbook of the sages and is the hidden science of really winning without fighting.

And I can tell you that there are five stages, kind of like stages, in mastering Qi Men. So, look at these steps here. These steps.

Now, inner core is basically what is inside you. First of all, you must come to terms with the fact that whatever you need to succeed to get the outcome that you want in life, it's already inside somewhere. Okay? All you need to do is align to it.

As they say in the spiritual remember that you actually have that ability. Okay? All of us. Right? You already can speak, you can think, you can imagine.

That's already your inner core. It's a question that you don't know how to use that yet. Right? Okay.

The second part is activating your spiritual power. We've done a little bit of this in our part one. If you don't activate it, you don't get it started, having the inner core, it's as good as not doing anything.

What's the point of having that powerful ability if you're not going to activate it and use it. Right? So activating that spiritual power is in fact extremely important for every one of us. Right? The ability to have foresight.

Right? Some people call that business acumen. We all can agree here whether we like him or not. Elon Musk has very good business acumen.

I mean for some people even to run a billion dollar empire is already very taxing. And he runs six of this at the time of us doing this training right now. Right? He runs six billion multi-billion dollar companies.

I mean talk about being overwhelmed. Right? So yeah. You guys still following me? Type of one.

Type of one. Brandon. Michelle.

Michelle Chiu. Yeah. Vanessa Ong.

Yes. Okay. Thanks for joining me.

Good. I like it today because I can see some of your names easier. Don't forget to type in the telegram as well.

We're always there. So activating your spiritual power. Then then and only then we can do reality bending.

And reality bending is a term popularized by Steve Jobs. Steve Jobs he is spiritual in many different ways. Right? And spiritual is basically the ability to take from invisible to make it visible.

Take all your ideas and turn it into reality. Therefore bending reality. Bending reality is the game of being spiritual.

Spiritual is not you going to the temple and making offerings. Right? Offerings offering puja offering puja offering puja whatever you're doing. Right? What you want to do is you become the transformation.

You bend the reality to your favor. That to me is spiritual. You offering flowers and offering whatever or doing whatever I mean do it if you like it but you're still not bending reality yet.

To bend reality you have to live the life of a reality bender. Okay? So you have to think like one feel like one be one. And then finally you want to master the game.

Master the battles in your life. And there are many battles. Career is a battle.

You got to accept that. It's there are some challenges. Right? Relationships not that you want to kill each other but you know you got to know how to navigate this carefully.

Alright? Personal life social life right? Politics especially right? Almost everything that you want to do even trying to get to a higher spiritual dimension there's still navigation involved. You got to master the game. Right? So learning how to I call this the sage's command being able to give the right instructions to you is the name of the game.

Okay? So let me tell you personally how it works for me. So I run many many businesses today. Every year we do better there's a goal we have our meetings we have our monthly meetings weekly meetings town hall meetings and there's always these goals to achieve.

I don't see it as being pressuring for myself as a business business' owner but to get to an outcome I have to give instructions. Yes or no? Right? So how do I lead a company if I have never been working for an entrepreneur before? I've never worked for an entrepreneur before. Never worked for a business owner before.

So I have to teach this guy right here how to run a business. I have to teach this guy right here how to stand on stage and talk. I have to teach this guy right here how to stand on stage and be entertaining.

Right? Because in my personal real character I don't talk much. You know? I'm more of an introvert. How many of you are an introvert as well? Just so I know I have some introvert friends here.

Introvert? How many introvert type you are? You don't believe I'm an introvert? RT. Sanjin you don't believe as well? Oh funny. But it's true.

I am truly an introvert. I feel awkward when there's a bunch of people especially with a lot of strangers or first time meeting someone I don't know what to talk to them about. Unless they start to talk to me first.

Okay? I'm the one that sits in a corner and just sip my drinks. Okay? And I hate being in those environments. That's why I like drinking right? I prefer to have a few glasses then I'm a bit more confident to start mingling.

You don't know that right? That's a secret to overcome this. But true. So I have to teach this introvert how to stand on stage to talk.

It's not easy because this introvert right here is pretty stubborn. Okay? So I have to give me the command that what I need to do. You don't know this standing behind the stage when there are a few thousand people out there.

You don't think that in my own mind I've asked myself what the fuck am I doing right? Is this me? And have you 14,000 people out there? Do I even know what I'm doing? How many times that has gone inside my mind? Many times. And yes even until today I still feel that before going on stage. So at the end of the day it's what you got to use what you have you give the command to you and you go step into that zone and do the thing.

And people will say you know are you the entrepreneur or are you the artist right? The one who knows the art. I mean I'm in metaphysics. Metaphysics is my art right? But are you the ability to run a company? You need to operate the company.

Am I an operator? Not really. I'm just someone who's good at my art right? Even art I have to teach myself to learn. Operating the business is not easy right? That was super difficult.

Being an artist is not easy. Operating it is not easy. Being an entrepreneur even is so super hard and finally there's also being an investor right? Do I know how to invest? I have to teach this guy how to invest right? So here's the thing.

Now you may ask me this right? So which one is suitable in my chart right? My chart I'm only good at just being the person who knows the skill. The other three I taught this guy how to do the other three. So here's what I'm saying.

It's just different hats that you wear. Different hats. When I'm in running my companies I put on the business owner hat and as a business owner I think different, I put operators hat and I go down to let's say some of you already have this right? How do you go through each point what do you go through inside what do you do production wise stuff.

I go into that and as an artist who talk about and speak and train people I have to come out with the ideas and do the research and understand the subject so I do that. So I'm all for when I'm investing I put on the investors hat right? So there are different roles you play so you give different instructions and you master different game that's all the same dude who's doing it okay? So here's what I'm trying to say to you. You see the spectrum at the bottom? The spectrum.

Everyone wants something whatever you want in life. Whatever you want in life comes from whatever you've got in the first place. Your inner core, your activating of your superpower okay? I'm the same guy who's there on stage to speak but first I must know how to speak.

So I must activate the ability of speaking. Now if I activate it does it mean today I activate suddenly I can start talking to people? No. Activate requires using right? You gotta use it over time becomes better and better and better right? So that part, this whole process I call this getting whatever you want from whatever you've got.

This is the whole process it's achievement manifesting. Now some of you are asking me is there a deeper dive is there a training program that comes after this four part training? The short answer is yes. Yes because there is a deep dive into this actual training like for example cleansing alone and purifying alone it's a full lessons.

I call it the ritual but people always think ritual is spiritual um ah um ah stuff. Ritual is just basically frameworks that you do day in day out. Like your morning ritual right? First thing you do in the morning what do you do right? How do you prepare for the day? Or your sleeping ritual how do you prepare before you go to sleep? That is also called ritual.

Ritual is not every day um ah that's our ritual. There is a cleansing or purifying type of achievement ritual where you use certain charts and if you do it on a consistent basis you can detox yourself. So this is part of doing this okay? So the short answer is yes there is a framework for everything that we want okay? I say short answer is because not everyone is qualified to do treatment manifesting because for a lot of people it actually if they don't know how to do this properly some people are cynical right? They don't think it's for them in the first place so spending too much time is just going to be backfiring and they get very frustrated so it's not for every single type of people to do manifesting.

For some people they are better off just going to get an MPA and better off just working their way up because their invisible chains are so strong that it's just impossible to break. So if it's impossible to break don't bother because you get frustrated. For some people it's not this powerful but for some people who align spiritually then this is actually very good for them okay? But you know what let's just go through this 4 part training first and at the end I'll tell you something yeah.

What's the name of the program? Yeah okay I'll tell you more when the time comes okay right now let's go through this entire training first. So we talked about low energy right? Low energy levels. What are low energy levels? Let's focus on this first part There are 3 parts here right that we want to cover in our training today.

We call this divine alignment. So it's low energy level, no courage, easily overcome by fear and totally distracted all the time okay? So in short it's all about your Qi level and this is the main thing about manifesting in Qi Men manifesting. Qi is the foundation of all manifesting okay? Qi is the life force energy that flows through all living things.

In the Taoist principles in TCM traditional Chinese medicine Qi is what sustains vitality life force harmony energy to live your soul is the Qi okay? Manifesting or manifestation ability is not just about thought alone. The thought about you know happy thoughts and all that that it's perhaps a very superficial level of manifesting it's about the Qi energetic broadcast that you send to the universe is your Qi with the universe Qi and your Qi determines whether the broadcast is strong weak clear or simply distorted. So we call this high energy high Qi level or low Qi states.

When your energy level is high Qi vibrational energy is high that means your vital energy life force energy is abundant it's radiant it is magnetic your thoughts intentions and emotions generally will align easily with the divine universal flow easily because your vibrational energy your Qi western people virgin likes to call it vibrational energy right Chinese version just one word Qi okay manifesting anything will arrive with usually just a bit more tweaking it's like that moving of that match right with the fire right a bit more clarity speed synchronicity all blend in one so some people like to do meditation in the mountains some people like to do pujas some people like to do breath work right whatever it is right some people do Tai Chi Qi practitioners do the 7 star walk okay 7 star walk 7 star is using physical body to align with Qi your spiritual Qi okay 7 star walk is one of them if yeah when I get the chance I will talk a little bit more about that as we go along I am trying to introduce the concepts in a way that is easy for beginners we will get to that now low Qi states low low Qi state is when your energy is depleted usually due to overthinking due to anxiety stress trauma or basically unresolved emotions unresolved emotions is one of them so when you have low Qi you are sensitive to all kinds of influence some may be still inspiring but usually mostly confusing draining and basically you are seeking to fill up some gaps you know a lot of people keep browsing for inspiration everyday they browse TikTok or Instagram they flip they are browsing for what motivational quotes and when they see a motivational quote they share with all their friends toxically positive how many of you experience toxically positive friends in your life toxic positive that means there is a connotation of negativity behind their positivity we call that assholes right so if you are in a toxic positivity your manifesting is usually inconsistent because instead of directing Qi you generally receive only random impressions or random stuff and these are the same people that hear voices in their heads or they have eerie encounters all the time there are scattered signals you know people who generally say this and they are angry every time they are told this place is haunted I sense the dark energy listen you are the only one who does that and you are trying to convince everyone else to feel the same the problem is you you are a low energy level a high energy level that's why they say in Chinese when you are high energy you got three fires one fire on the forehead one fire on the left shoulder one fire on the right shoulder no evil can touch you because your energy vibration is high right so any evil come near you touch you they will just be burnt that's a high level chief level 7 and above ok so the problem is when you are low level these three powerful fire will be extinguished or non existent gloominess you don't know it so you keep feeling for real of course for real it's real for you you know people do black magic on me they throw a dead bird in my house there's a dead bird appearing in front of my house somebody my neighbor is doing black magic on me people who say that I kid you not and they are very angry and I say nah you know don't overthink what do you mean overthink you don't do all these spiritual stuff I feel it I feel it of course you feel it you're low chi I'm trying to help you if you increase your chi to a higher level you ignite the three fires left and right shoulder no dead bird will scare you anyone who try to cause harm to you will be deflected and burn in hell so you want to put yourself with this powerful force feel this is the manifesting ability to purify and ignite your fire ok how many of you know someone who need this desperately type of one right they keep thinking their colleague you see right Shreya Andrea yeah you see your friends like that how many of you have this type of me your colleagues like that that's a problem right as I said before sometimes once in a while we get people like that like the one we just fired crazy right I mean sad for her that in her energy level is so low she come to a place and any voice is evil is haunted right the fastest way because we are running a business we got no time to save your life right so best you save yourself you got to find a way to cure yourself by lighting up your protection ok so if someone going through grief or sickness sometimes they may hear things unintentionally that's low energy as well ok that's very low level energy as well so you see you can reach to the divine by increasing your energy or you can see spirits if you are reducing your energy ok now I'm not saying spirits are non-existent they are there ok some are good some may not be so good if it's a relative most likely it's good ok at least it's alright but what if it's not relative ok and here's the thing about you guys oh you know my uncle came back to me my uncle died a few years ago and he told me to buy this stock listen don't listen to that bullshit alright the first question I ask them is was your uncle a stock market genius before he died no then what makes you think after he died suddenly he become so smart he's still the same loser that he died before ok so if someone comes in your dreams and is a dead relative trying to give you stock tips don't listen ok so yeah that is a different kind of energy that is a lot of our dreams just so you know guys write this down a lot of our dreams in fact 90% of them are manifestation of our deep desires ok or our fears 90% of them they are and our job as Chairman Practitioners is to differentiate the two ok a lot of our dreams are manifesting of our desires or fears that's the thing ok 10% of them are real stuff so we need to know the signal of this energy strong Qi strong clear reception is the channel that you want low Qi is static random stations bleeding in not good ok and to manifest something effectively your Qi level must be at full bar it's kind of like your phone right you have the full bar to receive the best fastest messages so how do we make sure that our level of Qi is aligned to getting whatever that we want well there's no formula to calculate at this point the best way is to actually feel it so I want you to have a look at this remember now this guys don't freak out right now but we have sent this out before you have some practice sheet here ok we've sent this out before I want you to look at the practice sheet so if you don't have it please go and find it it's not the end of the world those who are here please help those who miss out that's what you can do to help my team be helpful and tell them hey it's actually a telegram scroll up to here or get this file where ok we have a practice couple of days now some are already worried this is how the mind of shitty people do oh you don't give me up to November what am I going to do you write yourself ok it's called work so you can actually do the same you can write this thing down on a piece of paper and start filling up on your own this is a bit of manual work don't complain so much ok so now fill this up I call this the treatment check in you want to go there and you want to see which ones are you feeling happy inspired sad or frustrated you can't take all of it truly ask yourself this ok so filling this up to the best of your ability you will realise that you are on a higher end of the spectrum or lower end of the spectrum ok so if you are on a higher end of the I know there is no exact number for us here but it kind of let you know whether or not that you are energetically on a level where you could manifest this is the treatment check in that I want you guys to go through every single day now that's why I said you can actually do this yourself right you can just ask yourself this question how am I feeling today ok now let's look at this alignment here the stronger you are with the alignment the better you would be in terms of aligning your power to use the manifesting framework ok we've talked about the manifesting framework many times but you can't manifest anything until you are aligned energetically remember I said earlier on if you have a block energy you should go through a cleansing again and again ok for some people they just don't feel aligned there are always something to complain about and the worst is you don't realise that I don't like this the aircon it's too cold some you guys not criticising but you can see I cannot hear I cannot hear this frustrating I cannot hear why you don't tell me this why you not tell me this . . . . . . . . . . . . . . They don't look at the good, they just keep seeing the bad. And the bad keeps appearing for them. Everyone else is not a problem, except for them.

So you need to arrest this problem right now. If you're experiencing this, stay calm, take a step back and say, okay, my energy level is low. I need to switch gears.

How many of you agree with what I say, Type 1? You see some people with your life and also some right here that have that issue. The bad shit just keeps happening to them and nobody else, right? Let me tell you now, you are the magnet for that energy. Okay? So, is there a lot of complaints in your life, right? There's a lot of things you dislike.

Even disliking is not so good. I'm not saying you like everything, but why is there so many things you don't like? You know the more you dislike, the more you manifest the dislike? That's the energy field, okay? The more you dislike, the more you manifest what you dislike. Okay.

So, let's go through a few things here in order to kind of reassess whether you are on a high level energy or low level energy. Okay? It's kind of like a simple process that you want to go through and it's a series of asking yourself some questions. Okay? We started off in part one about you gaining clarity and making sure that you have the correct vision.

It's kind of like your north star, right? Now, if you will flip to this page that you see on your manifesting framework. Let's just put a manifesting framework again. You see this? This is a manifesting framework.

So, it always begins with intent. That's part one. Intent implies that you got to have certain level of clarity before we can begin.

This is the most important part. In fact, the entire assignment is for you to get to this part here. You need to know exactly what do you want specifically and not vaguely.

Okay? So, in a simple sense, this sentence right here. What do I really, really, really want? What do I really want? Okay? How can the universe help me? So, what does the universe need to provide? And I think this is the part where a lot of people miss out. So, when you are asking for help, do you know what help do you actually need? Right? Do you need the universe to provide what to you? Make something go away, make more of what? Right? Bring what to you? That you couldn't do yourself.

Write that down. That you couldn't do yourself that you want the universe to help. If you could do yourself, you should go and do it.

You say, yeah, I could, but I wouldn't. Why? Because you don't have the what? Energy? Courage? What is that? So, you want the universe to help you with courage. I want to help you with what's the thing? Okay? Because, guys, listen to me.

There is a Chiman Deity in charge of that. There is probably a Chiman Door that you could use. There's probably a Chiman Nine Star that you could incorporate.

The thing here is you got to be clear on what is it that you really want and what is it that you need the universe to do that you couldn't do yourself. Now, this part here. You did this exercise before, but I want you to do it again.

Why are these goals worth it for you? Because if it's not worth it for you, you would not proceed or pursue this and you would give up halfway. Okay? We give up halfway most of our goals because we don't see that it's worth our time. Going to the gym, for example, to get fit.

Any other thing can take over that process of going to the gym when it's more important than you getting a fit body. This is no longer worth it for you. So unless it's worth something and you realize what it's worth for you, then and only then you can manifest it.

Okay? So why are my goals really worth it for you? Why is it worth your time? Okay? And I need you to really sit with your back towards your destiny, Chiman Destiny direction when you're writing every time doing this. If you cannot do this, meaning you didn't do the exercise properly, I can promise you 50% to 60% of the time your manifesting won't work, even if you get the timing right. Okay? Because you don't know why is it worth it for you.

Okay? Think about it first. And if you have the next couple of days that you want something, you can plan ahead. What do you want? Right? And also who and what's really at stake.

When I see here it says COI. What is COI? The cause of inaction. Meaning, what is the actual pain that this will cause you when you don't have this goal manifested? A lot of people can't get this clear.

They just say, yeah, then I probably won't get it. No, no, no, no. Will someone die? Will someone lose a certain ability to have something? Will you fall sick and then therefore have problems, you know, being together with your family, serving them, be together with someone? What is it? Will you lose money? Now, how much is the monetary cost? Imagine there's one here.

You may think, nah, there's no monetary cost. I don't do anything. It doesn't cost me anything.

It does. It costs you your dreams. And when you could put a monetary terms to your dreams, then you know your dreams are worth it.

A dream is only a dream when you know it doesn't cost you anything or you feel it doesn't cost you anything. If I don't have it, it doesn't have it. No, it's okay.

But if you put something like if I don't have it, then my potential of earning the first million or the first ten million disappears and every year I don't get the million, is every million lost, then you know that every year the cost is a million bucks by not achieving this. Now, that gives you the yin to the yang push that you need to manifest the outcome. That is why you must write this down.

Okay? So that part needs to be clear. Then you want to anchor this with the energy. You want to fuel this with energy.

You want to identify the emotions that best represent what is that intent that you just talked about. Was it the freedom? The joy? The security? The love? Right? The power that you get from doing this? What is it? Right? And then you want to generate it in your body. Now through gratitude, maybe sometimes through powerful music, maybe through movement, or maybe from a part of your memory.

Now this part here is important. You should write this down because I'm about to show you that one of the achievement deities or doors or stars may be able to help you achieve and turn this into reality. But first you must recognize the emotion that it actually generates.

So you want to recognize it. What is that? And you want to spark this up a little bit. How does it feel? When you say, How does it make you feel when you actually do have that level of wealth? And you want to let that emotion become the description of the outcome that you're trying to manifest.

So that becomes the chi vibrational energy that you're broadcasting. Guys, I'm trying to explain to you exactly how you could do this because many of you are worried that you use the wrong words in the command. It's the wrong feeling you're using in the command.

And you use words to guide the feeling. That's about it. So the emotional state, that energy level is what becomes the broadcast energy that you're sending out.

That's why it's so important to have this document right here. And why is it that some people whom you think are nasty people can still manifest? Because nasty or not nasty is our opinion, right? I mean, if you think about it, right? And I'm not agreeing with any of these characters that I'm saying, right? Elon Musk or Hitler or Trump, they have extreme characteristics. However, putting their actions aside or intentions aside, they have extremely clear, although sometimes might be destructive visions, but it's extremely clear in their minds.

They didn't waver in their intentions. They didn't have lack of clarity which gave them that manifesting power. Okay, now you may say, but that's not fair.

I've been a nice person for so long. That's the problem. Not problem being nice.

The problem is you think nice person cannot manifest or nice person finish last, right? So you don't have to be nasty like these characters or ruthless like these characters to manifest. You just need to be convicted to the outcome. There's some form of conviction to it that drives this energy up and then when you're using the deities, it 10X the outcome.

That's how Qi Men does it for you, okay? So the intensity, the power of that intensity, the emotional Qi energy, sometimes it's kind of like anger or fear or pride. It can generate huge amounts of energy. So if you know how to turn that around, because anger, fear, pride is all just death door and fear door and harm door in Qi Men Dun Jia.

You know Qi Men has this harm door, fear door, right? It's all those doors and if you could use those, you can turn anger, fear, pride into powerful amounts of Qi to make that wish come true, that desire come true. So when you direct this toward a goal, the energy, the Qi feels the manifesting. Just as for some people, it's always joy, it's love, it is that loving feeling, but not everyone uses Sixth Harmony, okay? Some people are white tiger, right? You got to be that ruthless, that powerful energy.

It's kind of like, I mean how many of you are fans of Andrew Tate, right? I mean you just look at the way he talks, his style is very destructive or direct or powerful or yang side of things, right? He works for some. Some people, if you have black tortoise, surging snake, you have hulk, especially hulk, right? Or you have white tiger, you kind of go to that sort of path, right? That powerful macho path. But if you are the other one, I'm dying heavens, I'm chief, it's love, it's joy, it's peace, unite, harmonize, okay? So it's quite different approach, but they are all emotional energy, okay? So, and there are different types, that's why I want to show you here, this section here under alignment, right? You have heaven, earth, man and universe, right? There's four realms.

Spirit realm, universe realm, basically talks about one of the deities. Heaven realm, which governs the mind level, it represents one of the stars in Shiman. And then the earth represents one of the doors and the man represents one of the stems.

Now, for some of you, don't rush. Some of you are like, I don't know what this means, I don't know what that means. I saw in the text, even the previous training, some of you are like so frustrated because you're beginners.

I understand you're beginners. And then you don't know this, you don't know that. I know you don't know.

Relax, chill. You can just keep listening. Along the way, as my father always say, you fill up the blanks, okay? Don't get frustrated, just relax, okay? There's some of you, especially Betty, all right? Just chill, okay? Chill, all right? I know you don't know what the nine stars are probably.

I know you don't know what the eight doors in complete yet. Some of you are even like, I don't know where to get the chart. Relax.

The rest of you try and help out each other, point them where to find the direction. If not, listen like a sponge. When you imagine yourself like a sponge, whatever I say, you absorb first.

Later on, you can dissect it slowly, okay? So what I'm saying is, there are four realms in every Qimen chart. There's your personal chart and then there's the day chart. What you see here is called the day chart, guys.

Every day, there's a day chart. And this day Qimen chart will overlap your original natal chart. When they overlap, it gives you, it opens up portals.

That's what we discussed in part one, right? Opens up portals of energy. And in that portal of energy, we call that alignment, right? When you align that with your goals, with the intensity and the conviction, that's when your manifesting comes through, okay? That's what we're trying to achieve, right? And in the upcoming sessions, you will learn, at least to have a little bit more faith in what you do, right? You got to embody some form of energy stream, of expectations, that what you're going to manifest is going to come. Because when there's too much doubts in between and you're very cynical and you keep saying, I don't know this, I don't know that.

Only if I know this, only if I this, only if... You're giving yourself too many excuses. A lot of people don't know a lot of stuff but they still succeed, yes or no? Type a one if you agree. Type a one if you agree, yes? A lot of people don't know a lot of stuff but they can still get there, yes? Okay, so here's the thing, guys.

Listen, I'm about to say something profound. I always tell people when I say something profound or about to say something profound because something profound is usually very simple. Here's the thing.

Sometimes just knowing the one or two steps is all you need to make things work. So you don't need to know every single detail. Just know enough to get by and know what you need to do, what's important, okay? So here's the key.

If you have doubts, you need to gently replace them with new truths. When you have doubts, so when you see that certain things you are doubtful, you know when you're doubtful, you feel that it might not work. That's a doubt.

Or you don't know enough, therefore it cannot work. That's also a doubt. What you need to change is you need to place yourself in the future self to walk, talk, and make decisions from that place when you already have the thing that you want, okay? So I will show you how this is done, slowly, okay? Now, this part on part three, which is about commands, which is the upcoming lesson, we'll go deep dive onto the commands.

What we are building up here is going to lead you to being able to make the right command. A command in qi men is kind of like giving an instruction to your divine energy. Now, you may say, but it's divine.

I can't give an instruction. They are divine. I'm just mere human.

No, no, no. Whatever is inside you, you are part of the divine. An instruction is not insulting, okay? It's not blasphemous, right? It's not that.

When you don't give an instruction on what you want the energy to do, it will do whatever you feel like. And sometimes the energy that you're feeling is not very good. That's why it's manifesting the negative outcome.

So command directs your energy, focus, and intensity to getting an outcome that you want. And in fact, it's way easier to use your God-given gifts to get what you want, okay? So we're going to get that process done in a very, very structured format. Then after that, you will learn how to, we say, conquer, means your physical realm.

So this is the part where you're going to select the right timing and then take on certain activities. It's like, you know, when you say go, your body mustn't say no, okay? If your body is your biggest enemy, imagine, right, you want to do the work, but your body doesn't feel like doing the work. I mean, you're pretty much fucked, isn't it, like that? You want to do this, but your body feels sad today, and therefore it needs to take a break.

Or you feel not ready to go to work. You feel this, you feel that. Your body doesn't respond to you, so it drinks water and grows fat, right? So that part you need to conquer.

When you say conquer, you're conquering the self. When you say go, your body shouldn't say no. You should say when, let's do it, right? So when you feel like doing something or you want to do something, your body go, okay, let's go and conquer, let's go do this.

That's why we have certain activities that are aligned with energy. And once it's aligned with energy, it's way easier for you to amplify the outcome and create the outcome that you need, okay? So these are steps, right? And the last part is when we say validate. Validate basically means you want to allow for grace to happen.

You've got to allow for the miracle to take place, right? A lot of people are blocking it. How do you block it? You block it by predetermining how the miracle must appear to you in order to be classified as a miracle. Like for example, I ask you, how does a divine look like? Straight away you think, halo, wings, like a dove, dove wings, that's called angel.

Who the fuck tell you angel must look like this? Right? Oh, look, cockroach cannot look like cockroach. Definitely not a cockroach because cockroach is bad. That's a preconceived idea, okay? Now I'm not saying that it's good or bad.

I'm just saying not everything with feathers is going to be angelic to you. That's your idea of how grace should appear. Okay? If you remove that, you will allow more possibilities and miracles to happen because you don't define how it's presented.

How many resonate with what I just said? Tell me. Yeah? Okay? Okay, you get the idea, right? Okay, that's the process of the first part to get from low energy, remember the three types of things we want to achieve, low Qi to higher Qi. Now, speaking of high level energy, how many of you stay in hotels before and some of the hotels are a little bit eerie? Tell me here.

Yeah? Are you okay in all of those hotels? Have you been to one eerie one? Tell me your story. Right? Brian Ong? Jeremy? What's your story? Okay. Your experience before? Yeah? Tyler Ramirez? Okay.

So, you know I travel a lot and I've stayed in so many different types of hotels. Obviously, not all hotels are like that but some hotels can give you that sort of feeling. Okay? Sometimes, you need to energize your energy up.

Okay? In Qimen, there is a saying, this is a very powerful sentence in Qimen Dunjia. Gap means in emergency. Follow the deities.

Man means things that take time. Use the door. Okay.

What does that mean? In Qimen, especially spiritual Qimen, this is a secret power statement that tells you when you meet emergency, you want to connect with the deities to protect or help you overcome this sort of situation. So, if you guys want to learn something about going to haunted rooms, yeah? Because there are many strange things that happen. I was one time in Singapore.

Some of you are from Singapore, right? This is one of the hotels and this is in Raffles, alright? That's one of the hotels. Not Raffles Hotel but the one next to it, before they changed the name, there's an east, there's a north wing and a south wing and this was the old north wing at the time before renovation. So, I was there.

At the time, it was like 2007, 2006. So, I was waiting for one of the students to come and take me for dinner. I was there at five something in the afternoon.

So, this was the time the rooms, I remember the taps, you have to open the taps like that. Okay. So, it's not nowadays, you just do like, you open the tap like this or you turn it off like that or some of them even have, you know, that sort of handles.

So, I remember I was sitting there watching television at the time, just chill and then the tap was on. Tap was on. Okay, I go back to the room.

Very strange. This water coming out, right? So, I turn it to close it and I go back out, watch TV again. Somehow, maybe about 10 minutes later, I hear the water again.

Right. The fuck is this? Is this crazy? So, I went back inside, like, okay, I definitely know something is wrong here. Okay.

Because I know the energy, they probably want you to know that, you know, they are there. Okay, now, what do I do? Okay, listen. For me, my teacher used to tell me this.

Right, those days when I learned qi men. He said, if you ever enter a haunted place or haunted room, do not leave. I know.

I know it sounds scary for some people. Because if you leave, your energy is even lower, they can attach themselves to you and now you are pretty much screwed. Okay.

You command whatever is there to not disturb you or if anything, this space is a human space, not a demon type of space and they are not supposed to interfere with you. I know it's scary. So, I went, I was there, like, here's what I know.

Backing the chief. Polarize your energy field. Command for whatever energy is not to disturb you because this space is your space.

You can share the space but you are not going to disturb me and I don't want to hear anything. I don't need to keep the lights on or whatever, just do not disturb me. Okay.

Backing the chief is very powerful in this. You want to be able to do that. Alright, so you find the hour chief.

Back the chief. Now, if, I learned this along the way that it becomes even more powerful if you could use fire element because chief inherently is an earth element. Fire relates to nine heavens and the chief at the same time.

So, you could activate both nine heavens and chief and call upon, polarize your own energy level or somehow anoint the space with powerful force field energy and the lower frequency energies cannot enter that space. So, you sleep very soundly, undisturbed. So, the way to do that is back to the chief, the hourly chief or back to nine heavens but chief is usually more powerful and if you could use fire, great.

I say that because not all hotels allow you to light up a candle or put an insect. Alright. If you could light a small, any type of aroma therapy, incense on it because you need fire element to help you because you're very low energy sometimes you're scared, right? So, it's very hard for you to use imagination.

So, you, therefore having a physical thing is easier for you to concentrate your energy. You don't need that if you are, you know, steady and you can just tune in. You don't need anything.

You are the most powerful being. You don't need to light up stuff but it's easier for those who are very, very low in energy to have an assistance from a candle for example and or some incense. Any type of incense.

Sandalwood or anything that smells nice. It doesn't matter. It's just a matter of having that fire element.

Because incense light up fire, right? Now, the only problem is you don't have problem with the ghost but you got problem with the hotel people that's worse, right? So, either one, you have, do it without the fire or you do with the, you know, in your mind you can light up a candle. That's the same thing, okay? It's all for the purpose of what? Concentration. Okay? Incense is a form of helping you concentrate and use fire element.

It's not the incense, you know, like some people, oh my God, I'm going to light up this huge-ass candle every Chinese New Year, the biggest one with the dragon so that the gods up there will be happy with me. It's just the same candle, yeah? You got very powerful candle so no need to light it because your mind is the key. Okay? But if it helps you, then why not, right? Okay.

So that's about it. Okay? Right. How many of you need all this? I mean, this is a breakout topic though, protection and energy and all that.

Interesting? How to do the protection? Okay. Because it's not part of what I prepared but if you like something like that, let's see how it goes. Maybe you just, can you guys put up an email here or a contact so they can just tell us if you're interested then maybe I branch out or get someone to talk a little bit more about how you can set up energy force fields for this.

Okay? Alright. Cool. You just put right now, yeah.

Okay, it's not, I have no promises here but it might be a good side topic, yes? Alright, nice. Okay. Just so you know, the upcoming training that I'm working on actually have an extensive lesson on creating protective force fields.

It all stems from people who want to, who travel a lot and stay in maybe not so positive energy areas, they need to form a protection that is a whole area. You don't cleanse the area, okay? You're not an exorcist, yeah? You don't go there, oh my god, I'm going to cleanse. No, you just protect yourself.

Give your own self the energy and more importantly, protect your loved ones. Because some, your kids might be traveling and they don't know how to do it themselves. So you send energy over there, protect them.

Would you like to learn this? Now, this will be something if you're interested in learning, send us the details to this email address. This contact, just let us know first, register your interest. When I have this training ready, I'll let you guys know.

Okay? Alright, let's continue our journey. Alright, so we talked about breaking the invisible chains. This is the part two of this.

So, what's causing you not to achieve your manifesting besides low energy is that you have a lot of invisible chains. As I said earlier on, everyone's invisible chains are different and there's always some chains. It's a question whether you acknowledge them or not.

Okay? Some chains, even if you don't break it, it's fine unless you're trying to achieve one specific goal and there is this chain that stops you. Okay? Some people have that. Hopefully, it's not a big deal but if it is, for example, your whole life, you cannot get the perfect partner because your idea of a perfect partner is this and that it becomes a chain that holds you back, then it will be a problem.

Right? For the longest time, I always think that career must come first before personal relationship. This is my true belief. Okay? So, I only got into serious relationship after 35 because to me, I think I need to establish the career first.

This is very important and I cannot be disrupted. Then, you know, I don't agree with everything that Charlie Kirk says but one thing that he says that you can have everything starting young. A relationship is great for you if you build it up and it could be a great feel and I see it could be true.

Right? So, some of us have a certain idea. We didn't realize that it was a chain, an invisible chain and then certain things until you break the chain, your manifesting cannot come through. Okay? Now, hopefully, you don't have the same chain that is stopping you from your wealth, stopping you from the career, or the life that you want or constantly, this verse gives you that illness.

Okay? A lot of this illness, not all, but a lot of them, you may say, yeah, but I didn't want to manifest this poor health but indirectly, there is this chain that chains you to that poor health and for the longest time, you will always have this sort of nagging problems, these issues, it keeps coming back to you because in your anxiety or your stress or your worries have manifested itself into reality and that itself is what I'm talking about, the invisible chain. How many of you resonate with this idea? Now, to illustrate the whole idea about invisible chains, let me tell you a very interesting story. How many of you love stories? Stories are the best way to learn something, right? So, once upon a time, in the ancient desert, there was this merchant who was riding his camel and along the way, he also pulled along three other camels, okay? So, he's riding one and he's pulling the other three and so, they approach an oasis, right? So, in the oasis, you know, there's water, there's all the other merchants he can stop by and stock up, buy his food and all that, okay? So, he went there, all right, the camels are drinking water now and he's looking around for the trees, right? He wants to tie the camels to the trees because he needs to go down and buy stuff, right? But then he realized that, damn it, he doesn't have enough ropes to tie all four camels.

He can tie three of them but one of them like, oh shit, what are you going to do with the other one, right? So, he's thinking, what should I do? I can't ride this camel, I can't let it go away, what should I do, what should I do, what should I do? Okay? Then, along, just at the corner on top of a rock, there was this wise-looking old man smiling at him. So, he looked at the old man and he said, old man, you look very wise, you know, what should I do? I've got not enough ropes to tie all four camels. And the old man said, ah, it's very, very easy.

Just tie the other three to each tree and make sure that you invisibly tie the rope to the fourth camel and make sure that the camels can see each other being tied up. I said, um, invisible rope? You sure? He said, ah, don't worry, just do as I say. I'm the wise old man, remember? I said, okay, I'll listen to you.

So, he tied the first tree and made sure the fourth one saw that and he invisibly tied the rope around the fourth camel to a tree. So then, he looked at the camel one more time, he was just standing there. He went to the town and did his thing.

A couple of hours later, he came back. Oh my God, all four camels are still there. Wow, this is amazing.

Okay, so he went there, put his stuff on all the camels and he untied the three camels and then he started to travel once again. He said, okay, we're off. But, only the three camels were moving and the fourth one is still standing next to the tree.

I'm like, oh my God, what's happening here? And he kept like, hey, camel, start to pull the camel, camel not moving. He's very frustrated, this damn camel is not moving at all, what should I do? Then, he said, hey, old man is still on top of that rock. He said, hey, old man, I did what you said was amazing, the camel really stayed there, but here's the problem, see this guy here, he's still standing here, he's not moving, what should I do? And the old man said, hey, did you untie the rope? Then, the guy said, what do you mean untie the rope? It's an invisible rope, I just, you know what I did, right, you told me to do that.

Then, the wise man said, you know and I know, but the camel doesn't know. So, what you need to do is now untie the rope. So, the guy said, okay.

So, he went there and did that thing again, even though there's no rope and lo and behold, the camel started to move once again. So, apparently, this entire process here is exactly how we as human beings behave as well. We are not like the wise old man, we are not like the guy as well, we are just like the camels.

A lot of us have this invisible chain or invisible rope that is tied to a tree or tied to something. It's called attachments. And, unbeknownst to us, we are also the same person that can actually untie ourselves.

And, with the chains all invisibly tied, a lot of things we don't allow ourselves to do. We don't think we can stand on stage to talk, we don't think we can influence other people, we don't think we could lead, we don't think we could make more than a five or six figure salary, we don't think we could do that. It never occurred to us that we can because we have this invisible rope.

So, what we are going to do before we can manifest is we need to cut those invisible ropes. Now, let me explain the technical aspect in Chiman Dunja for you. So, you see, in Chiman, we always plot the current Chiman hour charts and we always use the current Chiman day chart or hour chart to do our manifesting.

We never go look at the past charts or even the future charts to manifest anything. Now, you may say, yeah, but I need the future chart to plan ahead. No, no, no, no, no.

Here's why. Whatever it is in the past, the past cannot exist. It only exists intellectually.

Think about it. There is a past in concept but there's no past in reality. If there was, you could actually go back right now.

We understand that, right? The past does not exist physically. It exists only as a perception in your mind. If we allow that past to control us, we're going to have a lot of issues and problems.

When the past is controlling us, that's the invisible chain. That's the invisible rope around the camel. Now, then, some of us are thinking about the future, right? I need the future chart to plan.

I need the future chart to do this, to do that, to do all these good things. Listen, the future hasn't unfolded yet. We've got to wait until the now becomes the future, alright? So, the future is also just a concept.

It's just an idea. It is not reality. You cannot actually be in the future.

You can only be in the now. So, that's why in Qi Men manifesting, we always look at the day chart, which is the now, or the hour chart, if you want to be specific. It's always this, now.

In Qi Men explanation is like that. The past is called early heaven. The future is called the later heaven.

Early heaven, later heaven. So, when we look at, we'll be seeing our past that define us. We always think our past define who we are.

Our past is not a good past or a bad past, whatever it is, therefore it makes us who we are because parents separated at a young age, therefore my marriage is like that, or because of this, because of that, I see whatever, right? The past. So, and we also say that whatever I do today will influence the future, right? If I do something today, and whatever I do today will impact the future, if we follow this rule, there is very little increment we can change within the future, and we always allow whatever happens to define us, but here is what you need to do. The reason why we are using the achievement charts, the now charts, is because we want to redefine the past.

Do we see the past as a trauma, or do we see that anger and frustration as energy that actually rewrites our current, our present times? So, this is how the arrow should work. We should be redefining the tragic past, and define it in a positive term, because when you write the past, or redefine the events, and we see that in a different perspective, your entire present life also transforms. Hence, this is always the present chart that we are using.

Now, here's the thing. Watch this. You see the future? We must look at the future with desire, and how in the future, the future self that we try to manifest, using the present, so the future must define the present.

So, this is, you see where you're jumping from a 5-figure income to a 6-figure to 7-figure income. What would be a 7-figure income person need right now, instead of saying what you need to do incrementally to get to that 6 or 7 figures, to that higher income. You see my point? So, when you manifest the future, you are looking at the future self, and bringing forth to the present.

That's what we're trying to do with Qiman. That's why the current Qiman chart is so important to break that invisible chain, because otherwise the invisible chain is going to be the past defying the present, and the present defying the future. This way is what 95% of people think it is, but now the Qiman way is the future defines the present, and the present rewrites the past.

That's the correct way to use Qiman. So this way, you can 10x your future. Now, how do we do this? How do we utilize this? So here's the technique.

You guys ready? To redefine the past, inside your Qiman destiny chart, inside your Qiman destiny chart, there is a sector called the karmic palace. Can you see it? There's a sector called the karmic palace. Where is your karmic palace? Find that.

Like in this case here, the karmic palace is in the northeast. Okay? The karmic palace is in the northeast. So, find out where that is, and in order to let the future self define your present, you use your Qiman destiny palace.

Okay? You back your Qiman destiny palace. So there are two palaces. One is your Qiman destiny palace, using the future self to define the present, and you want to redefine the past, you look for your karmic palace.

Okay? Look for these two directions first. Can you see it? Alright, what to do come later, guys. Do you find it first or not? Where is it? Everyone write your destiny palace, the direction, as well as the karmic palace.

Where is it? Write it down. Type it in the chat right now. Yes? Type it in the chat.

Okay, so we're going to do some activities here to redefine that. Okay? So, while you're backing the Qiman destiny palace direction, where all your intent and imagination and all that about the future self, what's the manifesting is about looking at the future outcome and bringing into the present action. I repeat, manifesting is about the future self's outcome and bringing all those activities into the present.

That means you're actually performing the activity now to live that future life, that 10x life. So, find out where the Qiman destiny direction is because backing this direction and doing your manifesting is how you redefine from the future. Okay? You're not redefining the future.

You're defining from the future. Okay? Now, sit backing the karmic palace. Alright? I'm saying this very slowly.

Some people are blocking the information on your own. Listen carefully and just relax. Learning also must have an art, you know, allowing the information going.

Instead of, why, why, why, I don't know, I don't know. Slow down, breathe and just listen. Backing the Qiman karmic destiny direction to redefine the past.

Do not look at the past as bad things happening. We're going to redefine it as few and good things in the world. that actually allow you to now do so many things and see the world differently.

For some, it's a bit harder because the karmic palace has a lot of negative energies but either way, at some point, you need to cleanse this out. Remember the whole idea is to remove the blockages. Okay? Remove the blockages.

So, redefining the Qiman karmic destiny how to do it shortly. I'm just telling you where to find it first. You got the idea? Backing the destiny is for one, to let the future 10X what is the life you want to live, what actions, right? And backing the karmic palace is to rewrite the past.

Rewrite how you feel about the past. Now, your Qiman destiny chart, there is a confusion between these two things. Let me put it up here, guys.

Qiman destiny, this is your natal chart, and put up here, is daily Qiman. Qiman destiny chart, this is what you're born with, doesn't change. This one changes every day.

This is called the daily chart. The daily chart is here, okay? This is the Qiman daily chart, the 365 daily planners, every single day there is a Qiman chart. Now, this is not the only place you can get a Qiman chart.

There are other sources as well that has the daily Qiman, the Qiman daily tongshu, for example, the desktop tongshu, that's the daily chart as well, the white professional master's tongshu also has it. So it depends on which copy you have, but I prefer this one because it has all the daily guide for your Qiman manifesting. Okay, so it has that in for all, now you may say, can I get a different third party source? The answer is yes and no.

Yes, there are third party sources, that's not Jovi Up related, but only get those that have the seven star path and the 28 constellations. If it doesn't have the 28 constellations and the seven star path, you are missing out on the true power of manifesting. So you got to have those calendars.

So if you find one, great, if not, then these are the sources for it. Okay, alright, cool. So, now what do you do with it? Every day there is energy that will arrive on your Shiman Destiny Palace and also your Karmic Palace, depending on which one you want to use it for.

So, to break the invisible chains, generally you want to look for two things. You want to look for when the White Tiger or the Hulk of the Day Chart entering your Karmic Palace, because right now we want to break the invisible chains. To break the chains that are holding you back, you want to look at the Karmic Palace first.

It's important, okay, where your Karmic Palace is and look at the Day Charts. Right, look at the Day Charts, at some point the White Tiger or the Hulk will enter, overlap, meaning overlap your Karmic Palace. That is the day you can give a command to break that old chain and install a new form of energy.

A new set of better perceptions, okay. So once you do that, the old whatever memory or trauma will have lesser, lesser, lesser, lesser, lesser, lesser grip on you. Now again, I don't know how strong is that chain.

Some chains are stronger, it takes a longer time to cut. You think one cut is one time cut, then no more problem, right? Again, that's just your perception. For some, it might take a little bit more longer than usual because it's so deeply ingrained and tight.

Cutting once, you cannot finish the cut, so it takes a few times. For easy ones, it can break easily, the harder one takes time, especially the generational one. What's the generational one? You guys following me so far? Daniel Wong, Kevin, Michelle, Ethan, Grace, you guys good? Tell me one you guys are following.

Enjoying so far? We're taking quite slow for beginners. Generational chain breaker. So, the generational one takes time.

What I'm saying is this, you think about all the most successful families today, in your town, your region, do you see some very successful people? If you just look far enough, far back enough, one generation, two generations ago, maybe three, their family was once poor. Great 90 plus percentage of them are. You minus three generations ago, they were once poor.

Some maybe four, the luckier ones, right? But usually, you trace far enough, their family was once poor. What happened in that generation, who made a what decision that broke that chain of poverty? This is the key. Because one person in that generation decided to cut the cords, that one person decided that enough is enough, that I'm going to be the one, I am going to be that one person that will change things for the entire generation moving forward.

Now, before you assume that that chosen one is chosen by destiny, it is not. That is not assigned by God or the heavens to you. That is a choice.

To be the generational chain breaker, to change the things for your entire generation so that from then onwards, the whole generation will live better, is a choice. You have to step up to it. That's why I call this person the generational chain breaker.

It might take some time because your whole family might have grown up in a very disadvantaged environment, everyone wasn't doing well, they're very poor, right, and so everyone thinks it's normal to be poor, until one person decides no, I'm going to change this for the entire generation. That is a decision. So to cut that mental chain, backing your karmic palace, and visually designing to see the chain broken and that you're going to do things going to different from now on is the key.

So the way to do that is find your karmic palace, when the tiger or the hook arrives at the palace on that day, some of you advanced can use the hour, that is the day, you replace the chain with a better memory or give it a better meaning, that's the key, give it a better meaning, a more powerful meaning. When the bad things happen for you to be able to do what, that's usually the key. Those bad things that happen enable you to do this, the enabling part, telling a better story, that is one way to replace the new bond, with a new identity.

White, tiger and hook is the key, remember that. I don't have time to deep dive into the processes of doing this, in general you have to find a way to cut the cord, you can visually design that but if you don't tell the story correctly, you end up with the same thing, the chain will heal itself. Once you do it correctly, you find it hard to go back to your old self.

When I was a kid, all I wanted to do was do better, I didn't know how to enjoy a good life until one day I was upgraded to sit in a business class. This was my early 20s. Once you go to business class, you don't want to go back to the economy class, it feels really bad.

I'm just telling my personal story. In my 20s, I made it a point that I'm going to put myself higher, I needed to level up. Once I leveled up, it was hard for me to get back down.

One day I got promoted to first class. Sometimes they push you up and I had the experience of my life. That was my early 30s.

Then I couldn't look back and said this is the life that I want. That broke the image of needing to wait until I can qualify for this and then have it. Once I decided to have it, you may start saying yes because you have money.

My first class is free. You can manifest that too. How do you do it? That's another story.

I didn't manifest free but in the course of doing business, a lot of the credit card points is for flight. If you're running a business and doing it well, a lot of this will turn out to be free flights. Even buying a car for a huge discount, how do you manifest that? The price is fixed.

You don't know. When you pay for it on a card, you get 30 days to pay it back. You get the same amount of points from Malaysia to London three times free.

There's a lot of things. You may say, this is about manipulating the points. It's still manifesting.

I know how to do it, you don't know how to do it. Once the chain breaks, you have a new life. Cool.

Now, I will have more time when we have a deep dive training. Let's go on to the next one. People who are clueless and don't know what to do.

Do we have people who don't know what to do? The answer is yes. Taking the right action. To do this, we look at the four realms.

We have the universe realm, the heaven realm, the earth realm, the man realm. The earth realm is about actions. The earth realm is about the doors.

In the Cheeman charts, there are four components. I will explain this for those who don't know. Again, I saw some of you guys are like, can we teach faster and cover more things.

If you are an advanced student, I've already said, I'm going to prepare a different set for advanced students. Just so we can cater for different people. I'm going to go slow and take my time to explain something.

For those of you who are impatient, you just manifested your exit here. Listen, can I go at the pace I feel is good for the majority. There are some people who are very impatient but that means you are an advanced user.

Bring out the link again. Go to the advanced page. You will This is a free training.

I want to help as many beginners as possible. Type a one if you agree. If anyone wants me to do faster, you know where to send them.

Heaven Earth man universe. In a cheeman chart, let me repeat for the beginners, there is the natal chart. This is from your date and time of birth.

That's the one that looks like this. This is called your natal chart. This doesn't change anymore. 

It's the one that you're born with and it's the one that has all the different palaces as you can see. Destiny Palace, Karmic Palace, Career Palace and so forth. Then there is the Dynamic Charts. 

The Dynamic Charts is the progressive ones, progressive charts and they are what we use in this four-part training is the Day Charts. You recognise them as the purple colour charts like this and also possibly the Hour Charts. The Hour Charts is more for forecasting which is a different topic but we can also use that for forecasting and manifesting. 

So these two are called Dynamic Charts. So what happens is we take the natal and we take the dynamic and then put the dynamic overlapping onto the static which is the natal to find out when the portals of energies open up for us. Qimen is a matter of mystical portals, Qimen energies, time activated and of course directions. 

Now inside the components of a charts, now I just take the Day Charts for example, this is the Day Charts. Every single day on the top right corner these are called the Deities, the Deity Realm or also known as the Universe Realm. So these items here, they govern the miracles. 

We call it San Poon. San Poon means the Deities Plate. Then right in the top middle here, this is called the Nine Stars, they are called Stars.