Guys, bring up the chat please. You guys all ready? Yeah. You see the chat? Yeah, I see it.

Nice. All right, guys, before we start, please tell me where you are from. Is this your first time joining a JoYup event? Go ahead and type in the chat right now. 

Nice. Okay, I see some familiar names here. James, Yixuan. 

Okay. All right, Sandra. Cool. 

All right. So now we have also the telegram just in case you are new. Sometimes it's easier to look at the chats on the telegram site. 

So if you will post, if you need to let us know anything, just put us on the telegram channels, okay? Or you can also post it here. All right, type a 1 if you guys are ready. Okay, type a 1. Nice. 

Okay. You cannot hear my voice. Listen, guys, if there's any technical related stuff, it's better you try and sort it out on your side because our lines, guys, our lines are okay, right? Yeah, all good. 

Yeah. So our lines are okay. And if you guys are, if you can help out my team, that'll be nice. 

That'll be appreciated. If you can just also text them and tell them that you guys are hearing me all right. Because some people, it's their own microphones, their own settings that's the problem. 

So I don't want my team to keep having to reply on tech related stuff because I want to have like focus like this two hours or so on giving you the best training ever. How's that? Okay. So you're going to help each other out by typing and telling them, right? Okay. 

You guys all good? Okay. So if you're ready, let's begin. Welcome to the Cheeman Manifesting Framework. 

There's going to be a four-part training on mastering the art of Cheeman Manifesting without the guesswork, without the I'm uncertain what to do sort of thing. We're going to turn your desire into wealth for love, for influence and freedom at your command. How many of you guys would like to achieve that in this next four parts? Type a me right now in the chat. 

All right. Type a me. All right.

KY, you got that? Oh, nice. Andrew as well. Okay. 

Good. Good. All right. 

So now I'm going to take you on a journey in the next four parts of our training here to learn a little bit about the system called Cheeman Dunjia. I'm going to assume, I'm going to make the assumption that all of you guys here are new to Cheeman or new to metaphysics. Okay. 

Because this training is going to be designed for people who are new to Chinese metaphysics. Okay. Now, some of you when it comes to manifesting, you guys are already some seasoned practitioners on your own, right? You've done different types of manifesting. 

And you're probably wondering, so what's the big difference here? Well, the biggest difference is we are doing Cheeman manifesting. And it's a different system for manifesting. And and it focuses on the usage of time dimensional energies to assist you in that manifesting process. 

Okay, that's the biggest difference. So if you have been having on and off successes, if you've been doing manifesting on your own for some time, sometimes it will sometimes doesn't work. Maybe the missing link is found in the next four parts of our training. 

All right, so stay tuned. I want you to approach Cheeman, approach whatever we have to share in the next four parts here with an open mind. How many of you can do that type of me? Open mind.

Okay, you guys can do it. Okay. All right, cool. 

Make sure you are able to Yeah, all right. I see you guys have done something for is it the law of attraction? Okay, that's a good question. It's kind of, but, you know, as they say here in Malaysia and Singapore, same, same, but different.

Okay. In fact, it's quite different because there's a set of rules and structure and format to this that you can say it's actually a different approach to manifesting. Okay, it's not more difficult just to answer your question. 

It's not more difficult. It's more structured. So if you're doing it, it's not just positive thinking, oh, feel good. 

I'm going to manifest by feeling good. No, no, no, you can feel extremely bad and still manifest the outcome that you want, because we're going to follow structure. Okay, so you don't have to go and manage that feeling and all that stuff. 

Yeah. Yeah, it's going to be quite different. All right. 

Now, what if I can show you a way that can help you bend reality to your will? Would you be interested in listening and learning in this next four parts? And that's the key to using Chimendunja. And I'm going to share with you some key points. Most of you are here to manifest an outcome, I would say the first outcome would be to ignite your financial breakthrough.

I mean, who doesn't want better financial results in life, right? Would you like to do that? How many of you love that type of me right now? Okay, but we have to define what is the financial breakthrough for you, because this is very generic. Okay, for some people, it will be going to the next level in their career or their business, right? You want to take your business to the next level, six figures, seven figure income and all that. For some of you just getting started, right? You're getting started, you don't know what to choose from and you're just applying for the next job, stuff like that. 

Well, let's go deeper, right? The next point here is, we will also like to own our freedom, freedom of choice, freedom of being to do what we want to do with whomever we want to do this with and whenever we want to do it. That will be great, isn't it? Okay, now for the time being, for some of you, you might like, oh, you know, I've never experienced that before, I don't think it's possible. Let's just, for the next four parts here, we suspend the disbelief. 

We don't want to be that cynical person, you know, maybe, well, maybe it doesn't, you just talk a lot. Listen, we don't want to be that cynical person. What if, in this four-part training, there is a way to achieve that? What if, right? What if you could forge great relationships? Would that be amazing for you? I mean, how would life be if you just had better relationships? Would that be worth your time? Right? And what if you could improve your health? What if you could improve your health energetically? Would that be worth your time? You know, if you look at people with a lot of problems in life, but if health is one of them, then they only really have one problem, right? Or what if you could have a loved one by helping them improve in terms of health? Would that be worth your time? And how about at least living life with more purpose, more drive, more congruence? Would that be great for you? So, at a glance, generally, we want to be able to achieve these few things, at least in the next four meetings that we will be having. 

So, the way that me and my team have structured this training is, we're going to give you some time in between trainings to do the homework. So, this is going to be like, it's going to be different than how I've done this before, because back in the day, I would just talk straight for three days or four days. And then there wasn't much time for people to do the exercises and, you know, do part of the training itself to actually get the results. 

And, you know, I understand exactly how it works now, because back in the pandemic days, everyone has time to go online, watch the trainings and do the exercises in the morning and all that. But now, you know, everyone's got a life to, you know, you got to go to work and take care of kids and blah, blah, blah, so many things, right? So, I'm going to give some time in between each training, and you have to commit the time to actually do the exercises so that it becomes a transformational journey. How many of you would like to transform, like you're actually going to do this and make a difference? Now, it's not going to be hard. 

It's just you allocating the time to do it. So, why not, right? What if you just allocate some time here and that transforms your life? You see, most people don't get what they want, not because they lack ambition. Because deep down, they don't believe that they actually deserve it.

How many of you resonate with this? Type of one, deep down, in the subconscious, deep down corner. They don't manifest what they want, not because they don't want it, not because they don't lack the ambition or the desire. Because deep down inside, somewhere in their heart or somewhere in the corner, they don't believe that they deserve it. 

So, it's just like, you know, how many of you are consultants or you charge an hourly fee for what you do? How many of you charge an hourly fee for your services as a designer, as a consultant, as an advisor, right? Type of me right now. Yep, a couple of you. Coach, yes. 

Personal trainer, yep, of course. All right, freelancer, there you go, all right. You see, here's the thing. 

There seems to be a limit for some people to charge at a higher price. So, there is an inner thing of self-worth versus pricing. I say, ah no, the market doesn't accept my pricing. 

You know, there's no way in my type of service, I'm just a masseur, right? I'm just a masseur and this is the limit of how much per hour I can charge because that's the market rate. Whatever you just said is your perspective. You see, your inner insecurities does not reflect market reality. 

There are people who are able to command a much higher price, yes or no, type of me, if you have seen them before. All different types of services, right? Yeah, but then in our minds, we justify, you know, that person is no value, it's just making, it's just their marketing, whatever, right? You can justify it all you want but what I'm trying to say right now is because deep down, if you don't believe that you, you, the most important person now is you, that your self-worth is worth your pricing, that itself could be a limitation to why, you know, there's a limit to the income. And we are going to use Cheeman to rewrite this so that you could actually attract the true value that you deserve. 

Then you can buy back your time. And you have to understand why a healthy energy in the mind and a healthy self-identity is the new compounding asset. Type a one if you resonate with this. 

Okay, Lily, yeah, you got it? Samantha, yes? Nice. Make sure you write this down, right? A healthy mind, a healthy self-identity, that means energetically it is clean and clear, is the compounding asset. So if you don't have this clear from the start, you ain't going to manifest. 

I just told you the first key for today. In fact, today we are going to talk about that type of awakening before we can go on to manifesting. If we don't clear these blockages, you will keep manifesting the outcomes that you don't want and you resent. 

And that's why we have to change this. Okay, does it make sense so far? Alright, and there are ways to do it. There's a metaphysics way to do it. 

Now, some of you are very new here, right? How many of you are like totally new to Chinese metaphysics? If you have heard of Feng Shui, you've heard of Chinese astrology, Bazi, Purple Star Astrology, the Yijing. Yeah, let me give you a list of what kind of Chinese metaphysics. It's all Chinese metaphysics here. 

Feng Shui is the main thing. A lot of people hear Feng Shui, Feng Shui, Feng Shui, right? Bazi, some people have heard it. But what have you heard before? Just type, type out. 

Okay, if you're new, you're new to the Joviap world, we do metaphysics, particularly the Chinese metaphysics systems. Okay, so if you've heard of these terms, Feng Shui, Bazi, Yijing, right? You have this Purple Star, Ziwei, all this stuff. These are all called metaphysics. 

Okay, now Western metaphysics would be your tarot card reading, Western astrology. Okay, you also have Vastu, right? These are different types of metaphysics, but they're all metaphysics. Okay, so the system that I'm sharing with you now is called Qimen Dunjia. 

Okay, mystical doors, hiding armor. That's the direct translation, Qimen. We just call it Qimen. 

It's the ability to manifest and bend reality. That's what you need to know. Okay, the ability to manifest and bend reality. 

It's part of the Three Oracles, the Three Oracles of ancient China. And so, when I say ancient China, this is like 2,000, 3,000 years ago, where way before there was Feng Shui, way before there was astrology, the philosophers, the stages, they use one of these three systems, the Taiyi system, which is kind of lost these days. Bits and pieces of this information still survived, but you have to reverse engineer a lot. 

That is the ability to predict earthquakes, typhoons, where's the next rise of the next leader, all this world astrology or mundane astrology, some people will call that, right? What's happening around the world, that's Taiyi numerology. Then you have Liu Ren. Liu Ren is about the system about people's activities and smaller decisions. 

What's going to happen in that day, right? What's the outcome of certain small activities? Then you have Qimen. Qimen, it's about creating opportunities or bending reality to your favor. And to do that, Qimen has got many different application models. 

Okay, now don't worry, it's going to be super easy. I'm just giving you background information right now. Okay, background information, because Qimen, the name Qimen means mystical doors, kind of like gateways to different portals of energy, right? It's like opening up a portal, you know, like how this guy, Dr. Strange would do this magic and then he opens up a portal and then he travels through the portal and he ends up in a different place. 

Okay, so Qimen Dunjia is kind of like where you see the portal because you can't just open up like that. You know where the portals are and you go through the portal and the outcome that you desire is in that reality. That's Qimen portals. 

So the word Qimen means mystical portals or mystical doors. So they don't have a Chinese word called portal. So they use the word door.

Okay, so mystical doors, right? So when you say hiding armor, why is it Qimen Dunjia? Dunjia means hiding the armor. So translated as finding the outcome, getting to the reality that has the outcome that you want. So one portal could lead you to the despair, darkness, the reality that you fail. 

And another portal could lead you to the outcome that you desire, right? Success, winning, right? You're getting the relationship, being healed, getting to the outcome that you want. So again, just like the movie Dr. Strange, you have to train your ability to actually find these portals, okay? And not all portals are the same, just like the movie, right? Some portals lead you to a different dimension. But when Dr. Strange first started, he weren't able to create the most powerful portals, right? It's the, you know, a much weaker version. 

So as you train yourself to going higher and higher, you get to a point where you could get to the outcome that you want. So we call that co-creating the destiny and outcome that you want. That's the manifesting part, okay? So it's very different than just someone who's doing positive thinking, positive thinking, right? I'm going to visualize, visualize, visualize. 

That's the typical style that a lot of people do it. I'm not saying that they're wrong, right? You can do that style. But I'm saying if you add the portals in, you literally improve your success chances by the other 50%. 

So you get closer to 100%, right? Because the first 50% is you manifesting positively, right? Trying to manage your thoughts and positive thinking all the time. Whereas the other one is you really taking the action and moving through the dimensions to get the outcome, okay? So here are the different systems of, or different application models. So it's kind of like, if you're a Dr. Strange, you would have these eight different powers. 

One of the powers, the ability of foresight to forecast an outcome. So what Dr. Strange does is, he looks through the portal and see the outcome, the best part. You know the part where he says, he went on, you don't have that picture, bring the picture, I did the picture, right? He looked through one, 14 million possibilities to see the outcome, right? Yeah, he searched and put it up, right? So that is just generally, he's doing achievement forecasting.

He looks through, ah, how many ways of succeeding? One, right? So he told that secret to, who is that? Tony Stark, right? So, I mean, that was a movie and it's a bit drastic, but generally forecasting is kind of like that. You have a time stone thing called achievement forecasting, and you could walk yourself around possibilities and see the outcome, okay? Now, so the other type of achievement which is really popular is to look at a person's inner abilities, right? The inner abilities, the achievement destiny. Achievement destiny is to look through what strength, what powers, what abilities that you have, what potential psychic dimension or spiritual powers that you possess. 

That's achievement destiny, okay? Everyone has some abilities. You may think, yeah, but I don't have any abilities. Before, you are so certain that you don't have, all right? Why not for the next couple of days? Guys, you are following me so far? Type one, if you are following. 

You seem awfully quiet. Yeah? Okay. Achievement forecasting, yes. 

You like the Doctor Strange analogy, right? If you have not watched Doctor Strange, oh my God. Okay, so you don't like Marvel movies. Okay, just for the sake of this, suspend like and dislike. 

Go and watch it, okay? At least you have an understanding, right? How many of you enjoyed the movie, right? And Avengers, right? All right, cool. What the hell? Not a real movie, right? Listen, guys, it's an idea just to give you an idea of how things work, all right? Don't be too serious on this, yeah? It's an analogy. All right, so achievement destiny allows you to understand abilities, right? And I'm saying that everyone has a spiritual dimension ability. 

Some people are more intuitive. Some people could have a precognition of things, a premonition to be able to see. Some people can hear, right? So they have all different abilities, right? So that's achievement destiny.

I will talk a little bit about that in the next couple of days in different parts here. Then you have achievement feng shui, means being able to understand the energy patterns of an environment, to be able to see whether it's harmful, not harmful, where's the best winning position. That's achievement feng shui. 

And then achievement strategic execution is, what is the best way to get the outcome that I want? How do I win this? How do I get to the outcome that I desire? How do I win? How do I battle and win the competitor? So the first four is the main thing. And then on the outside, you have another four different subsystems. The achievement intuitive intelligence, the ability to consciously use intuition, to consciously be intuitive. 

Now, I know a lot of you guys who start to like this subject are already generally intuitive. How many of you are intuitive type of me right now? You're pretty intuitive? Okay, let's put it the other way. How many of you regard yourself as not intuitive? You're totally a scientific person, right? So now, you're intuitive, right? Or maybe, right? Or maybe you're intuitive, some of you. 

Okay, not to worry. What if I can show you a system where you can systematically, structurally help yourself to become intuitive? Would that be helpful? Yeah, okay. Then there's the oracle. 

What is oracle? Whenever you pray for guidance, whenever you need to ask for spiritual advice. Now, I know most of us probably say, you know, I don't need all this stuff and all that. Now, before you're so sure of this, it's like that, yeah? Have you guys been on a plane, on a flight? Yeah? So even the most, the person who does not believe in divine grace and when the plane drops for a while, you put on your seatbelt and what do you do? When it's in a very, very turbulent part, what do you, what goes through your mind at that time? Suddenly, you're agreeing, right? Come on, right? Come on, guys. 

I'm going to agree, type of one. Suddenly, it's like, oh my God. Yeah, I don't know who you're praying to, but you're going to recite a mantra or some shit.

Think about it. You did that before? How many of you are guilty of doing this? Yeah, but yet, you're scientific, yeah? Do you know whatever you're saying at that time might have zero impact on the weather and zero impact on the pilot, okay? So that's what I'm trying to say, right? There are certain times you might need some advice, right? What do I do? Should I go on this plane? Should I not go on this plane, right? Should I do this? Should I not do this? You might want to ask some simple advice from the oracle. That is how treatment works. 

Simple advice, right? When I say simple, it means what's the next right step? You know, when we are in doubt and when we are confused, when we are in darkness, the solution to this is not about the grand solution or what can I do to solve this problem immediately. Sometimes, in such overwhelming problems and frustration, the right thing to do is just to take the next right step forward. That's it. 

One step at a time, and that's where the oracle comes in, okay? So that part is the oracle, and then there's Warcraft. This is for business empires. These are for the people who are taking business to the next level, trying to win a legal case, trying to, you know, dominate an industry, trying to, you know, buy over a business, so many different things. 

I'm not sure if you guys are running your own businesses. How many of you are business owners? Just by the way, just curious. Wei Ting, okay, nice. 

CK Lim, yeah. You're a business owner? All right, nice. Cool, cool. 

All right. So business owners, if you're doing big business, at some point, you have to deal with competitors and hostile people, yes? That's where Warcraft comes in. Now, you know most of them. 

The one that I want to focus on is this. Qimen spiritual, or spiritual Qimen. The first thing I want to address is this, yeah? Spiritual Qimen is not religion. 

There is no religion of Qimen, meaning there's no this one being there that you have to pray to, and worship, and devote your life to in order to get the outcome. No. So to practice Qimen, and even spiritual Qimen, you do not need to change religion. 

What spiritual here means is self-improvement, and self-awareness, and self-awakening. It's about becoming more conscious to who you really are, to your authentic self, and ability to experience life as it should be, the ability to manifest the outcome, co-create the destinies that you want, to realize that you're actually more in control of your life than you think. So becoming spiritual does not mean more prayers in a day, and more mantras, and more devotion. 

There's no guru devotion in spiritual Qimen, okay? You don't want to be devoted to anything. You just have to be devoted to yourself, that you deserve a better life. How many of you are okay with you devoting your time to yourself to deserve a better lifetime than me? Okay? So yeah. 

So spiritual Qimen is a process to help you get to that outcome by co-creating destiny. Now speaking of which, when you talk about destiny, the first thing you want to do is, if you want to use Qimen, you gotta have a starting point, right? The starting point is this. Now, I know a lot of you have already done it, but it's always the case, right? There will be some people who didn't read your emails, and then they blame you. 

Oh, you didn't send an email to me. We send like hundreds of emails out, or thousands, I don't know. Kenny, how many emails do we send out? Thousands. 

Thousands of emails. How many times to the same person? How many times to the same person? Three, four, five? At least five times. Okay, so we have sent many emails reminding you to prepare for this. 

So please, the reason I say that is because every time we get people blaming us for not informing them, we have, all right? We have. Everyone who receives an email from us, type of me so that you can support those who are getting scolded here for no reason because my team worked really hard to inform everyone. Okay, so go and print this chart. 

Now, the reason I say that is also because sometimes the software or the link here, they can't take the traffic, and then it slows down, and then they say, oh my god, you didn't tell me to come earlier and all that. Listen, you can always do it later, right, if you can't get the chart out. But try your best to get the chart when the lines are not so busy. 

So once you get into the chart, this is like the free version of the Qiman plotter that we have, and it's super useful. The first page here is your Qiman destiny chart. There are a lot of information on this chart, and we are going to use parts of it, guys, parts of it, not all of it, parts of it. 

In fact, the first part we're going to use is to look at this section here and look at the destiny palace direction. So you see that for this guy is in the east. So I want you guys now to type out the sector that says destiny palace, your sector, type it out. 

Also east, nice. Northeast, okay. North, cool. 

South, all right. Which one is better? Okay, guys, there is no better, all right. See, immediately the mindset is always, oh, is there something better and worse? It's the wrong mindset. 

It's a question of which one you know how to use and devote some time into mastering, and then over time, you will be able to get the best outcome for yourself. And best outcome means you get to manifest the goal. You will manifest a million dollars. 

Maybe some of you have the idea that, okay, I want to get a million bucks. It's not impossible, but the way it is done, a lot of people are cynical. Ah, you know, if I don't get it by next week, this doesn't work. 

No, right? I mean, have you ever gotten 900,000 before in one go? If the answer is no, then what makes you think you can manifest a million over the next one week? You see, it has to follow the path of realm of possibility, right? If you have never achieved $100,000 before, and suddenly you want to achieve a million, it might be that jump is a little bit hard. It's possible, but it takes time to do that because along the way, there's a lot of actions and strategies you need to deploy to get to the point where you're able to legitimately generate that outcome. So the key word here, write this down, guys. 

Patience. You got to have some patience with this, okay? We'll get there somehow, but you need some patience. So you want to devote, remember I say devote to yourself, you want to devote some time, reasonable amount of time, to achieve the outcome. 

Okay? Reasonable amount of time. Three months, six months, one year for transformation. This is the starting point, okay? But you know, you're otherwise not doing anything else to improve your life. 

This might be the one thing that is important. Try it out, right? Okay, so the destiny palace is the first thing. The second thing you want to take note of is who is or what is your guardian of destiny, okay? Again, I'm addressing all the beginners here.

These are four beginners. This whole training is for beginners. I see some of you guys who already know this, who are already practitioners, great. 

I love you guys. You're coming for a refresher. But you got to understand that the pace that I'm going now is for beginners. 

And if you're an advanced user, help me out, help them. Type the answers out for them. Because some of you want more advanced stuff. 

Not in the first day though, but you might get a different perspective of it if you've learned this before, okay? So guardian of destiny is the, we call it the deity, but it's actually not a deity. It is actually a frequency of your subconscious mind, okay? If you want to explain it on an energetic level, all human beings have a spark of divine that is transferred from the divine, the pure intelligence to give us life. Now, I specifically avoid naming this. 

I will just call it blessings or grace. Because in all, because sometimes the moment we label something, immediately there will be restrictions, right? Oh, it's got to be this way, that. No, no. 

I'm just saying grace. Grace can come from all the description of divine energy to you or blessings, right? No matter which alignment you have, blessings is blessings, right? So we have received blessings at the start to receive this life. That blessing in the perspective of metaphysics has got 10 different frequencies. 

It's like your 10 fingers, right? 10 different frequencies, different yin and yang, okay? So with these 10 different frequencies, they're kind of like how your, for the scientists, this will be like this, how their subconscious mind operate, that level of frequency. So once you understand that, you could tune in and realign that frequency or give it instructions to get the outcome that you want. You see how the logic work here is a framework.

So in general, without this, you think that it's the same. Everyone just has one subconscious mind, right? That's the scientist guy saying that. Or someone say, yeah, I've got a divine ability and all I need to do is just keep praying, right? But that works too. 

But if you know the frequency better, it's kind of saying, if I want this type of music, I go to the R&B channel. If I want comedy, I go to the comedy channel. Tuning into the channel gives you that signal, but everything is just the same radio waves, okay? Now for the younger generation, they don't know what radio waves are, right? Because they don't know podcasts. 

You know, you listen to podcasts and stuff. So it's kind of like tuning into the right genre in that podcast channel. That's what it's like to tune in.

The thing is, we are studying something that's quite traditional and ancient. Chimendunja is 2,000 years old. And so they don't use the term frequencies or channels. 

They use the term deities, sun, okay? Everything to them is, they classify one word, sun. And sun can be translated as the divine being or the deity. In this case, I translate the word deity or some spiritual energy because they can't explain it. 

So they lump it as one word, sun, all right? So for us, we know that there is a difference between frequencies. So while I keep the word the guardian of destiny, what you need to know is everyone has a set, preset frequency or channel. And the first job of every practitioner, including yourself, because you're new, is to get connected to this channel. 

You got to find the fine tuning to this channel. So some of you, the channel is called chief. Can you say that? How many of you are chief, guardian of destiny? All right. 

How many of you are black tortoise? Tortoise, the word tortoise is there. Yes? Some of you, phoenix? Snake? Okay. So it's going to be one of these guys. 

This is all 10, all right? So just read out or type out your guardian of destiny. So this is one of these snake means surging snake, moon means great moon, heaven means nine heavens is the name. Now each one has their own abilities and powers. 

I'm going to share that with you in a short while. What I want you to know is for this main thing, the guardian of destiny, think of it as you have lifetime access to this channel. Think of it that you have permanent subscription to this channel.

But because you have never used it for so long, it's kind of rusty. Okay? But the channel has always been available for you. Now you got to look for it. 

You know how you're subscribed for something, but you've forgotten that you have access to it? This is kind of it, right? You have subscription to this guardian of destiny since the moment of your birth. Some of you never use the subscription. For some of you, you have used it subconsciously and so forth, right? So what we're going to do now is that we are going to reawaken this lifetime access. 

Now, not to worry, you know, some of you look at Phoenix or Nine Earth, you look at, you know, the moon and so forth. You can use all the channels later on. I'll show you how you can do that. 

For now, for the starting, your first part of this training is to reclaim your access to the lifetime channel. That's your lifetime guardian of destiny. You got it? Okay, cool. 

Everyone cool? Now, let me just give you a brief outline into the core power of each of this deities that you're born with. Okay? Now again, I wish to stress it one more time that these are not actual beings that has, you know, that needs you to worship it. It's just the name is called deities. 

It is not an actual god-like figure or fairy somewhere. Okay? They are just parts of different frequencies. Everyone type that. 

Different frequencies, okay, that you tune to. Got it? Everyone clear? Non-religious. Just want to make it super clear here. 

This is a different type of subconscious energy. Okay, so in Qiman, if you guys have the chief, if chief is your guardian of destiny, the core ability of the chief is the ability to make wishes come true. That means whatever that goes in through your mind, as your mind can conceive, chief turns it into reality. 

It is one of the most powerful wish-fulfilling deities of frequency. Okay? In fact, your whole life, you've always been supported. Whenever you need money, money will come. 

Whenever you need assistance, assistance will come. Whenever you fear something, you will not be able to do that. Now, I'm going to talk about the negative side of manifesting later on today. 

Because sometimes, inadvertently, you are also manifesting the outcome that you are manifesting right now because you're using chief in a way that it's protecting you from pain and therefore it doesn't allow you to take that challenges. Because chief gets you what you want. So you got to be careful what you think about or what you wish for because chief actually gets it. 

Okay? Now, not all people know how to wish for good things in their life. Some people inadvertently, you know, they wish for bad things. I'm not saying you purposely do it, but there could be a way that you might accidentally be doing that. 

So that's chief. Okay? So, oh by the way, if you are protected by chief, it's also very likely that you are quite divine connected. That means in general, you connect to divine, no matter which type of divine energy, in a way that is more, you resonate better. 

Sometimes you are able to see grace or divine. How many of you are chief here? Type of me right now. And naturally you gravitate towards systems like Chiman Duja. 

Okay? Chiefs are gifted in that sense. Okay? And also, if you so will it, you will never be possessed by negative forms. Here's a good thing about chief. 

Chief cannot cause harm to other people. That's kind of like a setback, but that again is not if you're not going to cause harm to anyone, but it also will not allow you to be harmed by any evil beings. So if you're always afraid of there's a ghost out there or some darkness out there, the moment they touch you, they'll be burned. 

That's the power of chief, depending on what level though. Of course, the higher level, I'll tell you later on, the more the more refined that chief energy is. So chief is good in that way. 

Okay? Nine heavens, anyone here? It's called heaven, right? Nine heavens, you? Okay? Now, if you're nine heavens, the manifesting ability of nine heavens generally means the ability to visualize. Whatever the mind can see, you see it, it becomes real. Okay? Now, not many people are imaginative that way. 

They don't see the possibility that they live a prosperous and wealthy life because there are not enough details. All right? So whatever you could see, you know the visualization thing that manifestors like to do? Well, it works best with if nine heavens is your thing, it's your guardian deity. How many of you are nine heavens again? Nine heavens here? Okay. 

Now, there's a way to train the visualization. There's a way to see it. I mean, all the people say, oh, I'm floating on cloud, walking on grass. 

That's irrelevant. More importantly is you've got to visualize the goal and how you're actually living that goal, living that ultimate life. So there's a way to use nine heavens.

Okay? That's the power of nine heavens. And in a higher dimension, nine heavens can also foresee a little bit into the future. It's kind of like a glimpse into what can happen.

Okay? That's the higher ability. So premonitions in a good way. Now, of course, if you don't know how to use the nine heavens, it turns out to be a lot of darkness, nightmares, and fear because you keep seeing stuff that you shouldn't be seeing, and it fears you because you keep wanting to see it. 

Now, you may say, yeah, but I don't want to see it. It's just fear. I'm just scared of it, but I keep seeing it. 

I see ghosts. That's because you allow that fear to dominate your power, and then the vision will keep looking at things that you don't want to see. Okay? And then you manifest that reality. 

So again, you got to train it. You got to train this type of ability. Okay, you guys good? All right. 

Nine earth. Nine earth is power to heal. It's also the deity of assets and accumulation. 

And so nine earth, people naturally have healing abilities, so they could use that. Now, a misuse of healing abilities becomes excess growth. All right? So I won't tell you about negative use of this. 

Inadvertently, some people do that, but in general, nine earth either have power of accumulation of assets and wealth, and or ability to heal, which is a great deity to have. Okay? Some of you are asking, can I use nine heavens if I'm nine earth? Yes, you can, but not now. Now, you're beginners.

We go through this four days, or this four-part training. I always say four days, but we're not doing this consecutively. We're going through these four parts, and at some point, I'll show you how you can use the other deities, even though you're not born with it. 

At this point, yes, I'm talking about the one that you're born with first, because this one, you have lifetime access. The others, that is not what you're born with, have limited access. Okay, so great moon. 

How many of you great moon? Okay, so great moon, power of knowledge, power of knowing, power of information. It's kind of like these days, your chat GPT, right? It no stinks. There's all these records and information out there in this universal intelligence.

So the question is, are you downloading the right information? Because sometimes, people ask great questions, and then they discover new knowledge, whereas some people ask dumb questions, and they discover more fear and worries. How many of you know what I'm talking about? The more negative questions you ask yourself, the more you become scared, right? No, I'm scared. I'm scared of being scared. 

A lot of times, it's not that scary. It's just that you messed up your own mind, right? So the moon can work both ways, but with the right knowledge, you could discover new formulas, unlock new skills, learn new things. You see, from where you are now to your next level in your career, or your next level in your business, your next level in your life, the missing link could be just knowledge. 

That means you don't know what you don't know yet. If there are people who have the nice cars, the nice house, the great health, right? The best family, and you are here wanting that. What do you think is missing? Luck.

You say it's luck, right? But I would argue that probably what you're missing is knowledge. You don't know how to do it, okay? So what if the moon can help you access that, all right? So generally, people with the moon are inquisitive. They like information. 

Generally, they also somehow know things, even if they didn't study the book before, they somehow know. That's the power of the moon, when used positively. And six harmony. 

How many of you have six harmony? Now, I know I'm being brief here. I'm being quite pretty brief. I just want to bring this out to you. 

This is a set of the Chimon Essentials, right? If you would like to go a bit further, there is a book called The Deities. And inside this book, now I'm going to bring a picture out so you can see it. I know it's a little bit unclear when I show it here, but this is a book that me and my team have accumulated over the years and wrote out every single one of the deities in detail about their strengths, their weaknesses, their positives, their negatives, and their core abilities and so forth. 

Everything is inside here. So if you're interested in buying a copy at the end of our four-part training, there will be an opportunity where we'll be offering some of these books for sale. Again, if you don't need it, it's fine. 

A lot of information I'm already giving out here for free in our training. But some of you would like to study a bit more, you can get the book. Each book is $150. 

At the end of our session, there'll be an opportunity for you to get a copy, all right? Now, just in case, at the end of our session here, as we're doing live broadcast, so there'll be an opportunity for some of you to win a copy for free. How many of you are interested? How many of you are interested in getting a copy for free? Yeah, this is high quality hardcover. And if you will see, the contents are very, very well written, fully researched, everything you need to know about the deity. 

Okay, so $150 gift at the end of our live stream, there'll be an opportunity for you to win one copy. Okay, I'll tell you about that later. Where was I just now? Let's see. 

Yeah, Sixth Harmony. So Sixth Harmony, it's about connection with people or another keyword for harmony is about people. Use in a great way, Sixth Harmony can get you connected to different levels of people, different types of people with access. 

Use in the wrong way, you become a hermit and isolate people. Okay, so harmony, the opposite side of harmony is not disharmony, it's about distance. Okay, so that's why each of these so-called deity or energies have their own frequency level. 

When used correctly, harmony can give you access. It's about the right people appearing at the right time, all the time. Okay, somehow people like you, it's a likability thing. 

But use in the wrong way, you dislike people and or you just want to be alone all the time. Okay, so you don't feel that it's right or wrong, it's just the way the energy works. Okay, so then you have, how many of you have the black tortoise? Black tortoise? Yeah, the black tortoise is kind of like the yin version of the chief. 

So the chief is making all wish come true and a tortoise is ability to understand all people's wishes. It has the power to access minds of others. So some people call the black tortoise the psychic, right? Or the ability to mesmerize, influence other people.

So have you seen how the Jedi master like Yoda could access the mind of other people using the force? It's kind of like what the black tortoise has, right? So in a good way, you understand markets, you understand trend, you understand the needs of others. Anyone who understand needs of others becomes a great influencer, becomes great leaders, becomes a person who can help and change the world, all right? Everyone's looking for someone to understand them. But not knowing how to use the black tortoise sometimes allows you inadvertently to access the minds of other people and they're going through darkness and trauma and suicidal thoughts and suddenly you thought, why do I feel like this? It's because you accidentally access other people's emotions. 

That's the power of the black tortoise. Now, how many of you are white tiger? Now, I know I'm being brief. I'm just trying to give you a brief understanding. 

The next four parts as we go through, there will be some repetitions where you will gain different layers of understanding when it comes to the 10 dailies, okay? So let's talk about the white tiger. How many of you are white tiger? Yeah, you're a white tiger. White tiger, keyword, stamina, endurance, energy, okay? So you say, oh, what good is having stamina, energy and all that? Everything is energy. 

Standing here on a virtual stage, talking to a bunch of cameras because I haven't seen you, is energy, right? So if I want to send my thoughts and feelings and understanding across to you, I'm literally sending energy across this camera and into you directly. You're doing presentation, you're doing sales, you're going out to talk to people, everything requires energy. Winning requires energy. 

I mean, even hating people requires energy. So the power of white tiger's ability to do that. So if you access the right energy, great. 

If you don't know how to use it, you just can't sleep. Excess of energy, right? Excessive energy unused causes rebellious nature, right? Anger, resentment, all that stuff, okay? Surging snake, how many of you are surging snake? Surging snake, cool. Surging snake is kind of like the mystical sorcerer, the wizard, who understands nature, who understands the environment, who understands how to control reality, okay? You know the keyword, bending reality, that's the surging snake. 

So the simplest way is surging snake, for example, every time if you want it, a car park is available. When traffic is back, traffic open up for you when you want it. That's the simplest way. 

And sometimes surging snake, oh no, it's going to rain. No, sometimes you think go, blow, move the clouds, and the clouds stop, move away, no more rain. That's kind of like a wizard causing the environment to change, right? That's the low level powers of a surging snake. 

The highest level somehow can move at the time markets or people's desire in a certain favor. Like people who do well in understanding trends or markets, markets are driven by fear and also driven by greed. Surging snake kind of understands that, it can move that in favor, understand trends, economies, right? Understand the weather, the climate, sentiments, power of surging snake. 

Surging snake is good at finding things as well, finding the right talent, always finding the right, the best piece, the best property. That's when it's good. When it's not good, you'll be attracting the worst people, okay? We'll talk about that later.

How about the phoenix? How many of you got the red phoenix? And so the red phoenix is the power of the spoken word. What you say, you articulate, becomes true. That's the power of red phoenix, okay? So you got to watch your words. 

Some people, you know, they say, wow, whatever you predict becomes very accurate, it becomes true. Whatever you say out, that's the red phoenix, the power of words. People back in the old days that has red phoenix become great chanters or people who speak out certain mantras to help, you know, bring blessings to a piece of land or to a whole village. 

They become the shamans back in the old days. But of course, you're not going to be a shaman, but, you know, you might have affirmations, right? But some people like to say negative shit, right? Oh, you know, everyone died, DCU died, and then the person falls sick, and then what? Accident happened. Because your words carry power. 

Some Chinese people call it wu nga choy, you know, the mouth of a crow. Simply say, the bad things happen only if you have red phoenix. So you got to be careful because the conversations that go on in your mind, and if you're red phoenix, those conversations becomes your reality. 

Yeah, now you have to watch the thoughts, right? You got to watch the conversations as well, even internal conversations. That's the power of red phoenix. And lastly, but not least, hook. 

So hook is kind of like karmic ties and bonds. So now I know it's a bit far-fetched, but people will say your past life, you know, and previous lifetime. Time dimension to human beings like you and me, we think that time is linear, right? The past, the present, the future, the future, future. 

But if you think about it clearly, the past does not really exist. If it exists, can you be in the past? You can't be in the past. You can think about it, but you can't be there. 

Can you be in the future? You can think about the future. There's a concept about the future, but it ain't the future. So this concept of time, why they say time is an illusion, it is because in this concept of time that we think, there's a past and there's a future. 

But what it really is, is there's only the now. It's a now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, right? Keep moving forward. And there's only this very present. 

But then when we say a past time that we're here, this now has got three different dimensions that's happening right now. The life that you have already experienced before. Now you may think, but how can I experience before because that's in the past? No. 

So if we see, it might get a little bit complex here. It's not that complex, but grab a drink and listen, all right? So when we see the divine, right? The almighty, the whole universe, the greatest intelligence ever that created this entire universe. Okay. 

And the big bang is not something that exploded in your kitchen. Yeah. So it's an actual thing that happened, right? That there is an intelligence that weren't existing before, but this intelligence wanted to experience its own greatness. 

To experience this greatness, you first have to create an alternate physical reality to be able to experience yourself. Because when you're in it, you cannot experience it. When you're out of it, you can experience it.

So that forms the duality of yin and yang. Okay. So remember when you're evolved from the original, which is all knowing that is everything that is, right? If you want to call the divine, the ultimate creator, all that is, all that is, is originally nothingness. 

And from the nothingness birth, somethingness, physical realm. Okay. Bear with me now. 

Bear with me. So the physical realm itself is a split out from the original nothingness, yin and yang. Okay. 

So that means, originally you have experienced past, present, future as one thing. It's like I'm me holding this book. This book right here already has an ending, yes or no? It has a starting and an ending, but everything now I'm holding, right? I could flip to the end and look at the ending chapter, or I can look at the starting chapter, or I can be in the middle, but everything is one piece, yes or no? Now, before this book came out, where was it? It was in here. 

There was not, it was in that void and then created this. That's the same when we're saying that the divine universe was void at first and then created a substance and the substance already contained past, present, future, just like the book. So the hook, my point is, the hook is the ability to jump chapters.

And you have got many different chapters. We like to say it's past life, but it's actually the same life. So past, present, future is the same timeline. 

It's still in the now. So the power of hook has the ability to access different dimensions of divine knowledge or experiences that you already know. So we call that remembering, not learning. 

Moon is learning. Hook is remembering. You remembered that point that you actually knew this knowledge.

So that's the power of hook, okay? Really unique, right? How many of you find this very interesting? Type of one? Cool, you want to learn more? Okay, I'm going to tell you more in the next four days, or if you stay to the end, there might be a chance for you to win a copy. How many of you like to win a copy of this? Okay, cool, right? Or you can buy it at the end, it's $150 for this book. You spent a lot of time writing this, so you support us at the end. 

Or you can win a copy, you're going to manifest a copy. Cool, all right. Let's see how it works. 

All right, cool. Now, I'm going to tell you more in a short while, but let me just go back to the big picture here first. So we are learning what, once again, spiritual achievement or achievement spiritual methods.

Now you know, okay? So if you were to ask me what spiritual achievement is, it really sums down to two things. Two very special things that I think all of us are here to learn. Number one is to connect to the divine to ask for guidance. 

We ask for guidance anyway, it's just that when you connect properly, you could connect to the chief, the nine heavens, the hulk, right? To remember a lost skill, for example, or moon to learn a new skill, whatever, right? Asking for guidance. How many of you need a bit more guidance in life, right? Learning what to do, right? Whatever, if you think about it, really, really, it's where you are now to where you want to be. As long as you have a where you want to be thing, the missing part is generally knowledge.

You need to know how to do it, or you need to know who can help you get there. Am I right? Number one, if you guys agree, right? It can't just happen to you. You can't just wake up next Wednesday and suddenly you're there, right? You got to be able to get some guidance, all right? So we learn spiritual achievement to get access to better guidance from our guardian of destiny, from our subconscious, or from divine intelligence, okay? So it's kind of like being able to tune in with the right phone number to call. 

I mean, divine intelligence always been there. It's just that you're just dialing the wrong number and sending text to the non-reply numbers. Suppose you have the right number, what do you think will happen? And the other way is to ask better questions because some people ask questions in a very annoying way. 

Have you not experienced people ask you questions and it's freaking annoying? What if you ask in a nice way? Would you get better outcome? Answer is yes, okay? Right. So, and then the other part that why we learn spiritual achievement amongst the many different achievement systems is to co-create the reality that we want. Now, we know that the universe, the divine, all the blessings, right? When we say good things is blessing, not so good thing is called curse, right? You may think, well, but divine always must bless me. 

No, it's a blessing or curse. It's a question of whether or not you're co-creating it. At the same time people prosper, there's also the same time there are a lot of people dying, okay? It would seem that the divine doesn't give a shit because the divine has its own bigger plans, right? It's got to run a universe, you know, and here you are, that tiny little fragment of life form is here on earth, which is even smaller than a dot in the sky, right? It's trying to say that this divine power has only you in mind. 

That will be a bit more, you know, the audacity to think like that, right? So, the whole world, like nature, has its own course. Nature itself is the divine. There will be life, there will be anti-life, right? There'll be growth and there'll be decay. 

That's the rule of how things work. But if you want to steer the direction to a reality that you desire, then you got to work with this frequency, okay? The currents in the ocean, it's going to operate regardless of whether or not you are going to mentally tell the wave to slow down or speed up. It's going to be there. 

If you know how to swim, you will go with the flow. If you don't know how to swim, you will drown. Simple as that.

So, the idea here is to learn to swim and bring your surfboard along so that you can co-create the outcome. The waves are going to be there regardless. So, you got to imagine that this universe has these waves. 

It's going there, back and forth, this energy. And so, once you understand that, then these two things will become the very thing that we are trying to achieve with Shiman Dunja. The first one is it can act as an oracle. 

And so, this oracle will tap into the energy pattern of the day or that period of time and align with your energy and give you an answer. Because your energy is different and that day energy, the current energy, is also different. Or you can use manifesting techniques to co-create the reality that you want.

Now, the goal, obviously, to do this is these three things. You want more freedom, you want more happiness, and you want some miracles. Agree? Would you like more freedom? Yeah? You already have freedom? Or is it the illusion of freedom? You think you have freedom, but half your life, you have to be committed to doing things that you don't like to do anyway so that the family could live, so that you have enough income for rainy days. 

You don't really have the freedom, right? So, with freedom, basically, it means that you can do whatever you want to do with whomever you want to do whenever you want to do it. Okay? That's kind of like the freedom, right? And a bit more happiness, and obviously, miracles to turn the shit things that you are experiencing right now around. Okay? That's what we want to achieve using spiritual achievement. 

Now, the first thing to get to using your lifetime access, the first thing you want to change is this thing. The first one is self-sabotage. You're already gifted from the start, gifted with a lifetime access to one of the deities, and if you do it a bit more, you can access all 10. 

But what is stopping you is generally, might be unbeknownst to you, self-sabotage. The limitations in the way you see the world and the limitations in the way you believe that you can't do certain things. Okay? So, how many of you can recognize that you actually have some self-sabotage? Type of me right now.

And if you could, type out what that is. The first step to changing this is to recognize that this thing exists in you. If you don't recognize it, you cannot change. 

You can't change something that you don't think exists in the first place. Awareness is the first key to transformation. Yep. 

Everyone got this? Nice. Okay. And the second thing that could be stopping you from manifesting or getting the outcome that you want to truly change your life, right? Financial life, relationship life, wellness life, right? Anything that you want to change.

Usually, you cannot do it because there's lack of courage to do so, or lack of clarity. So, not many people have the courage to change themselves because the initial preset alignment for most people is do nothing. Inertia is what we all go through all the time.

We know that there's something we need to do, but we don't do it. It's like saying, I know I'm supposed to be going to the gym four times a week. I just need to find a reason to get started because the reason is usually your inertia. 

You don't want to get started, right? But once you get into momentum, then you keep doing it, right? I mean, how many of you have gone through an exercise regime before? Then once your momentum, you keep doing it, but then when you stop for a long period of time, getting back into it is hard, right? So, the way to get back into it is courage to take that step. Like, how many of you have been on a diet before? What's your thing? Paleo diet, keto diet, one of my favorite keto diet, intermittent fasting, so many things, right? But if you go on a vacation and you come back after you have all this nice food, how hard is it to get back in, especially if you've gone for three weeks or one month vacation? Pretty hard, right? So, what's stopping you from changing and transforming your life? Most of the time is that courage to take the first step and clarity. So, let's talk about clarity. 

How do we actually get clarity? Clarity means what do we want? What do we truly want? It's an easy question, but a hard answer. Easy to ask this question, right? What do you want? Yeah. You ask any kid, right? Today, 18 years old to 25 years old, even to 30 years old, what do you really want? And they can't really answer you. 

Because thinking about the answer is very hard. It's easy to ask questions, very hard to arrive at a true answer. Because nobody really have, the majority of people have not actually got this figure out yet. 

That lack of clarity in itself is a bad energy, okay? If relationships, you have lack of clarity of what truly is meaningful for you in a great relationship, you'll find that most relationships you get into, you have a lot of problems, right? And your career is not improving because there's lack of career clarity and what you want to achieve actually. I just want stability. Even that you have to define. 

Why do you need stability for? Right? Who is it for? What is it for? Right? Clarity is a key. When you have clarity, a lot of these blockages to manifest will just dissipate. The question is, how do we gain clarity? How many of you are interested in knowing this? This technique.

How do we gain clarity? Tell me right now. How do we gain clarity? There are ways. There's a achievement way to do it. 

There are some people who like to do journaling. I keep writing, writing, writing. Some people do visual vision boards and stuff like that. 

Okay, whatever ways, right? That works for you. But you're learning achievement right now. So let's follow the achievement ways.

The way to do that is to work with natural vibrations. Natural vibrations means chi patterns, energies, energy frameworks. And these energy frameworks come in the form of what we call time dimensional charts. 

Remember just now we talked about Dr. Strange doing that magic thing and it opens up a portal. Yeah? Okay. So in Qimen Dunjia, the way a portal is open is to look at this charts. 

These charts are called Qimen charts. So there are charts that are for the year, month, day and hour. These are the four different types of time dimensional charts. 

It's kind of like four different powers of magic portals. And these portals or magic portals is like how Dr. Strange would access different types of different places, different dimensions and so forth. So in Qimen, these charts here are techniques to unlock the pathway or the portal to an outcome. 

So you can use it now. You don't want to just go through the portal. You can use the portal to download stuff or access energy. 

It's kind of like, you know, there's a scene in Dr. Strange part one where he's meditating, right? And he's astrally project himself. I think, Kenny, can you pull up that picture I sent you guys earlier? Right? So this is like how he access the knowledge. So for you, if you choose the right portal through natural vibrations, you could manifest or download the right type of information.

So when you try to achieve your dream, you want to get to an outcome. The missing part is how to get there. The answer is the portals, the energy realms that allow you to get to that outcome.

So let's talk about how do you get these charts. So the first chart that you guys have already downloaded, I assume it's called your destiny chart. So this is the unchanging chart and it is based on your date and time of birth, your date and time of birth. 

So when you plot your chart based on the date and time of birth, this is the dimension of energy frameworks that you were born with at the time. So it also tells you which is your guardian deity and which is your, your door of destiny, which one is your lead star, what is your, all your things related to you. And so when you're using the other charts, we are going to overlap the other charts onto this, because this is the main reference point, because this is where you are, what you're born with. 

Every other chart that is applied is always based on the overlapping onto your birth chart. Okay. Now in your destiny chart right here, you will see the small details like your destiny palace, you have your wealth palace, you have your career palace, yeah, you have your property palace, so on so forth, right.

Family palace and all that. So these sectors represent the areas of your life and when you're manifesting and you want to manifest, let's say something to do with your career, we will wait for the overlapping of the day chart or the hour chart that has the appropriate energy, in this case the portal, would arrive on your career palace. So the essential part is really a portal in the day where you see here good stars. 

Now I know I'm not writing any details here, I'm just saying if there's a good portal of energy here and it's overlapping your career palace and you're using that day to manifest and co-create something to do with your career, you will have a great outcome. Let's say that there is your family, right, as you will manifest something to do with your family. There's a family sector right here in your destiny chart and on a certain time of day or even an hour, this positive configuration, the portal opens up for this quadrant and you've overlapped it. 

You see the good energies are now overlapping your family sector, right? And so if you're using this timing to access the co-creation energy for family family-related outcome, you get a positive outcome. See what you've been missing, right? You've been, I mean some of you are manifestors, right? You've been manifesting great, I get good results sometimes, I get great results sometimes, but sometimes I don't get results at all. Maybe it's not the time yet. 

That's exactly the point. Maybe you're missing out the time, right? So what if you know the time? If you know the time, you superimpose it, you might not know how to manifest exactly in the beautiful words that other people know, but you definitely can find the right portal and the energy resides and all you need to say is a few keywords and you open up the outcome, the possibility. That's what Qiman Dunja is about in a nutshell, spiritual Qiman. 

Now there are many different types of Qiman, but this is one of the main key that people can start with. Just this alone, you will already be able to get a lot of great outcomes for your life, okay? Now there are a couple of ways you could get the portal charts for the month, the day, the hour charts, okay? First, the free one, because a lot of people like the free stuff, but obviously free is a bit limited, but at least you get the chart. Just go to the main plotter page without even logging in. 

What you see here, you get the current hour and the current day chart, okay? You already have it. Minimalist, easy to understand, free, but if you want to prepare in advance on certain days and all that, then my recommendation is maybe you want to get a copy of the Tongshu, right? This Tongshu has all the 365 days in there mapped out for you. Then there are various types of calendar you could look into. 

Basically, I'm trying to tell you there are many sources out there, okay? There's the desktop calendar version like this, and then there is the daily version, and of course, our very own, some of you already ordered this, the Qiman Manifesting Planner, okay? This is 2025, we'll have ordered the 2026 one. It should be ready around Christmas time, towards the end of the year. So there's a new format for it, we've improved it for the upcoming year. 

Really fantastic, okay? So all the charts are there, and I'm going to show you how you could use this, and I'm giving you a couple of days just for practice so you could use that along the way when we are using this throughout this four-part training, okay? If you have not already done so, can you please download it? Guys, can you put it on the telegram? Yeah, put it on telegram, right? So that is for practice, and then find your way to get a copy, okay? Or if you think, yeah, you know, a lot of people complain, if you're complaining so much, learn how to plot it yourself, okay? It just takes about two, three months, go through the process, there are free information, just go to Google and say, how do I plot a Qiman chart, and then slowly learn, okay? There's a free version, you get the simple version, or a complex version, or the planner version, so many ways, all right? The idea is that you want to get the energy map, or you can use the one that you're born with permanently, you don't look at the time dimension, but just use your own personal chart. Many ways to use Qiman. Okay, so now you know about the charts, let's go into detail as to what do we do? How do we utilize the energy in order to help us either get a divine advice, or to manifest reality? So here's how it works, okay? All Qiman charts, whether using the month chart, day chart, hour chart, any of these charts, okay, before I answer the question here, which chart is the most powerful? It depends on what type of goals, or what type of outcome you're trying to manifest, or trying to get. 

Some requires a more powerful manifesting, a longer version of the manifesting, that will require a usage of, let's say, the month chart, or the day chart. Some are lesser, easier to use, you might want to use just the day chart together with the hour chart. So I will recommend that later on, what is the correct chart to use. 

So right now, I just want you to relax and not have to figure out what is which, and all the technicalities, okay? For the time being, I will just give you, remember today is part one, is just to understand what you're capable of doing, awakening your energy and reclaiming the lifetime access to your deities, and clearing the energy to make it possible to manifest, okay? We haven't gone down to the techniques and details yet. Some of you are very excited for that, I can see that, but we'll get there, okay? Remember, we have four parts to go through, and there's exercises you need to do along the way, okay? Now, to achievement chart, whether it is a month chart, day chart, or hour chart, as long as it's achievement chart, achievement chart consists of the spirit realm, heaven realm, earth realm, and man realm. Now these four realms of frequencies are reflected in that eight sectors of the chart. 

So this is a chart here, right? This is an hour chart. Every sector, the total of eight sectors, and each one is labeled as a direction, north, south, east, west, southeast, southwest, and so forth. And inside each box here, you see a bunch of words, right? A bunch of Chinese characters with some English words, and for the beginner, sometimes it's pretty overwhelming. 

You know, you look at it like, my God, I don't know what it is. Don't try to figure it out now. In the next four parts, I will show you bits and pieces, parts by parts, which are the sections that are important. 

Because if you're trying to make sense of the whole chart, what does it mean? I see some people like to ask, what does it mean? It means nothing to you at this point in time. Don't try to make a meaning out of it, all right? Especially if people try to read the chart, can you read my chart? No, we shouldn't read the chart now. We are looking for sections of the chart to start using. 

Because learning how to read the chart will take days and months. So we're not gonna learn to read the chart, all right? This is to address the people who are asking, can you read my chart? We can't. We're going to use your chart. 

And to use it, we just need to know which of these boxes and what components are important. So that's the way we can communicate and connect with the universe, through the energies and frequencies of these four realms. So the components in the chart, when we are looking at the spirit realm, we are looking at essentially these items.

Anything on the top right corner. This is inspiration from higher consciousness. So you will see in this top right corner, components like chief, heaven, the nine earth, moon, and so forth, right? So these are the spirit realm, the higher consciousness energy.

Then you have the heaven realm, which basically governs your thoughts. The quality of thoughts is all in this top center corner, all these components here. We call this the nine stars, but what they represent is the heaven realm. 

Thoughts. So it's from inspiration to thoughts. Then you have the earth realm in the chart. 

The earth realm, it's all the eight doors. And you see the eight doors? These are the eight doors. You see life door, the delusion door, fear door.

What's that? Oh, what if I have death door in my destiny palace? Doesn't matter. Again, the reason I'm saying is we're not going to interpret this. I know it's intriguing, how do you pronounce this word? Intriguing, to try and find out whether you're doing or not doing, it's irrelevant. 

Just hold that thought until the end of this four days, four parts, maybe we'll talk about it. We're not going to interpret your chart. The interpretation is a different study.

I'm talking about using the chart. You're not going to need to know what the death door, fear door means in your life, okay? In your destiny palace, okay? At this part, we are only going to look at what is needed to manifest an outcome, regardless of whether you're fear door, death door, or whatever door is in your destiny palace. So therefore, we ain't going to read the chart. 

It's not important. We want to know at this time what to use and when to use it. So the earth realm are the types of doors, and then you have the man realm or the human realm or people realm are the results you experience in life, okay? So in a nutshell, it comes from this.

If you look at how the divine governs everything, you go from inspiration from higher consciousness that generates your thoughts. So your thoughts are not really your thoughts. Your thoughts are whatever the divine or this higher consciousness can somehow insert that in your inspiration to think about it. 

And then you have that leads to actions and the actions lead to a reality. So that's the concept here, okay? So when we look at a destiny chart, what we are essentially looking at is one is your static chart, the one that you're born with. And on this side, you have the dynamic chart. 

And dynamic is month, day, hour. Now, of course, there's a year chart as well, but we're not going to use the year chart, the month, day, hour. Can you see three different charts? Now, what do you do with this? It's overlapping. 

So you take this as base and you take the day, for example, and overlap it. Now you see what energies arrive at which aspects of your life. You look at your own life chart, right? Your own destiny chart. 

If I remove all the components and just leave the so-called palaces like this. So you can see here, you have your destiny palace in the West. You have your karmic palace in the West. 

You have your subconscious palace in the West. You have a career palace in the Northwest. You have your family palace in the North. 

You have your wealth palace in the Northeast. You have your knowledge palace in the Southeast. So on and so forth. 

This is what we want, okay? What's that? You want to know what the karmic palace is? Not now. Relax, chill, right? We are not going to explain each and every palace at this point. We just want to know where they are. 

And when we come to that part, it's only the first day, right? As we unfold, manifesting to family matters, manifesting career, manifesting health and wealth related aspects, we must at least know where we want to look, right? So now we know where these sectors are. When we look at the dynamic aspect, the dynamic aspect will then overlap over your original NATO chart at certain days and months. And that is when you are going to initiate very special Shiman commands to manifest the outcome, okay? I will show you exactly what you need to do.

And when the time comes, I will explain what the karmic palace or whatever palace that need to be as we go through those examples, okay? Now, before we could do that, the first thing we need to address is manifesting. You first need to know that people cannot get what they want because they confuse manifesting with wishing. What we're doing here is not wishing for something.

In Shiman, you do not wish for something to happen. You do not pray for something to happen. Now, I'm not saying prayers are wrong, okay? You can pray whatever you want, right? Because Shiman is not a religion, so you don't have to pray to Shiman. 

So you do not pray. Because in Shiman, you are commanding the energies of this universe or you're controlling it, giving it direction. Remember the end, you may think, ah, but I cannot control divine power, it's blasphemy to do that.

This is not, okay? It's not. This is your own subconscious. You do not get penalized just because your heart is beating, your liver is functioning. 

It's part of your body, your given birthright. So you just need to use it so you don't get penalized. The fear needs to go, all right? And if you're wishing, you see, the thing with wishing is it always comes from not having, that's why you're wishing for it, okay? So wishing on the opposite end is actually a form of scarcity because you're wishing that things would turn out like that. 

So you're not having it, right? So anytime you're coming from a negative perspective of scarcity, of not having, the chances are you're not going to get it anyway, okay? So instead of wishing, you're going to manifest to become. That's the biggest difference. And I will show you how, right, along the way. 

And some of you actually think that, you know, we're either manifesting or we're not manifesting, right? You know, as long as I don't think about manifesting, I'm not manifesting anything in my life. It's not true. Everyone manifests. 

It's whether they're consciously doing it or unconsciously doing it. So I'm going to show you this here. And you need to identify which of this category you kind of fall into because each one will have a different solution when they are doing the achievement manifesting, okay? So obviously, there's those who want something and you're wanting something. 

And there are those who are unconsciously wanting something or those who don't want something, but they are unconsciously manifesting what they don't want. And that's the worst one to be. So the first one is at this section. 

They are unconsciously manifesting things they don't want. And surprisingly, a lot of people are in this category. All these, they don't like, oh, I hate this. 

I hate that. You know, I don't like this person. I don't like the person. 

And you end up having this type of person in your life. You end up being in that situation. The things that you hate most comes through for you because you're unconsciously manifesting that outcome.

And that's quite dangerous. And that's what the whole study of spiritualism is to get out of being from unconscious to becoming conscious. At least if you're conscious about it, there's a chance that you could actually get yourself out of it. 

So there are those who are consciously manifesting things they don't want. They are aware of it, but still they can't help themselves from thinking negatively, from talking negative to themselves, and somehow positioning themselves in that situation where they get bullied, right? They get ostracized and so forth. These are the unconscious manifestors.

And if you think about it, unconscious manifesting is you are accidentally giving the wrong instructions to your lifetime guardian of destiny, and it's generating the outcome as per your instructions. It's the only difference is you're unconscious about it, right? For example, the chief, you know the chief always protects you. That's the job of chief, right? It's about justice, about protection. 

So suppose you are very afraid of being betrayed, right? You're so afraid, right? I really hate betrayal, and I can't stand breakups and betrayals. So the only way that chief knows how to save you from having the harm of being betrayed is to keep you away from having a relationship in the first place. And so you attract nobody. 

Remember people attracted you, somehow the chief will send out a signal, repel, repel, repel. So you're safe because the job is to keep you safe because you don't want that. You don't want to expose yourself to some adventure. 

So the chief keeps you safe, right? So sometimes you may say, I hate getting sick. I don't want to get food poisoning and all that. Then the chief will prevent you from traveling. 

You never get a chance to travel. No one invites you to travel because you don't want to take the chance. So the chief just protects you from it. 

So sometimes protection becomes the problem. It's like a mom who's overprotective of the kids. You know what that means, right? How many of you are a mom right here? Have a me. 

At some point that you become overprotective or you see moms that are overprotective of their kids and never allow them to do anything dangerous. And then the kid turned up to have never experienced life before. That's kind of like the chief. 

And nine heavens, visualization. I mean, sometimes if all you see and grown up in life, growing up with your parents or with your family is negativity, right? Because you see your parents argue all the time. You see your parents fight physically, right? You have all these things that you see. 

So all you could ever imagine is all these things is because you see it and that's what you visualize. And that's the outcome that you generate. You don't have a better role model to envision yourself to be.

So not your fault. It's just that you didn't have an alternative. You didn't know that it's possible. 

So even the nine heavens can work against you in that way. It's not making you bad. It's just following your instructions, right? Nine earth loves to accumulate assets, right? And healing. 

You think, yeah, how can I go so bad about it? Well, at a negative level or you're unconsciously manifesting. You know those people who are health freaks that they need to measure their micros and macros and all that stuff. They measure exactly what they eat, they inject themselves, they biohack until they go crazy, right? They jab themselves with all this, whatever, right? Just trying to hack their systems. 

And then there are those who does nothing and live to 80s, 90 years old, right? And some of these will hack themselves and then they die early, right? And accumulate. Nine earth loves to accumulate. And then what do they do? They accumulate shoes, sneakers, boxes, stuff. 

Everywhere there's stuff. And when they travel, they take the whole room and pack it into one suitcase and they travel with that stuff, right? So that's a very nine earth thing when you're unconscious of the manifesting. Harmony, for example, loves to multiply, right? Loves to multiply, loves to connect. 

And so when you're not, you're unsure of what you're consciously manifesting, the harmony can turn into greed, temptations, overeating, overwhelmed, right? Overdoing everything, right? So they grow fat, they grow lazy, right? They love stuff, right? Somehow they overindulge, right? And they get tempted to, instead of sticking to one partner, they have multiple partners, right? They take takeaways, right? You know what that means, right? So they have stuff like that. So it's a negative manifesting, okay? The deity is not good or bad. It's a question of unguided or guided, okay? Moon, for example, is the power of knowledge. 

But when unguided, unconscious, over analysis, burdened by information, now you know too much. You cannot unsee what you have seen. It becomes paralysis from a need to know to a process or a level where you can't do anything different or more because you're too scared now. 

Snake, for example, from ability to sensing the environment and understanding how things work and finding the right people to constantly getting oversensitive about people's behaviors. Oh, why do you smell so much? Oh, why do you breathe so loud? Oh, you smoke too much, right? So they're constantly attracting the wrong type of people. And the very type of people that you'll try to avoid, the betrayers and backstabbers, you seem to attract them the most. 

That could be the snake that is unconsciously manifesting and you're wondering why you're not successful or why you have all these problems, right? The hook, we know hook has the power to access previous lifetimes, right? Karmic powers. But when it's unconsciously manifesting, you could access traumas that you've been before. Whether it's this life, past life, or a future life, right? Memories that don't belong to you but is unlocked and now you're feeling it, you remember stuff, you see people and you seem to have a history, someone your first time you meet and you hate them, you don't even know why. 

The hook when misaligned can cause that. Guys, are you resonating with the stuff I'm saying? Type of one. You following? Yeah? Okay. 

And the tiger. The tiger is excessive energies. So we know excessive energy can do what? Well, it can turn into aggression, into hate, into resentment, right? Too much hate is also energy, you know? And you have the phoenix. 

Well, we know about the phoenix. Phoenix is about power of words and articulation. So, I mean, some people talk shit to others and they generate bad verbal karma, right? But what's worse is when you talk shit about yourself.

No, I don't think I can do it. I'm not as good. I'm not like this. 

I'm not like that. I'm like this. I'm like that. 

You know how they like to justify how they are, right? Why they say, yeah, you know, in my past, my father never taught me this, you know, this, this, that, that. The way they describe it becomes their reality, right? So that's the power of phoenix. And then you have the black tortoise. 

The black tortoise is the power of tuning into people's minds and influencing others. But on the reverse side, you sense darkness. You embody the pain of other people. 

You want to take shortcuts and you get into fear or darkness or even play around with black magic because it's a shortcut to getting outcome. So, the key is you got to be very careful that even you are, when you're trying to manifest, you at least stay away from the dark side of manifesting. Then you don't want to be unconsciously manifesting those bad things.

If you're already experiencing it, fret not, we have a solution for you right here, okay? Now, so you want to get to a side where you are consciously manifesting the outcome. Before you get there, some people who have really good parts of charts or they have really good friends or they attend a lot of this type of classes, for example, a lot of metaphysics classes, then they tend to know what they want. You know, at the end of the day, if at least you know what you want in life with some form of clarity, there are higher chances of you getting it, okay? So, they might be getting what they want unconsciously. 

So, time and time on off, they might get what they want because they're unconsciously manifesting the stuff that they want. Now, what we want to get to is we want to consciously manifest the things that we want. Then we become true creators of the life that we desire. 

So, let me put back all this together again. Spiritual Qiman, one side is about the oracle, asking for advice, and on the other side is co-creating destiny. Co-creating destiny is what we're talking about manifesting. 

But you have to be conscious about manifesting. So, how do we do it? What's the technique here? Introducing the Qiman manifesting framework. So, the Qiman manifesting framework is the exact steps that you'll be learning in this four-part training to consciously manifest the outcome or the reality that you want. 

There's a step-by-step. So, instead of just positively thinking, using shitloads of affirmation words and be smiling in the morning and all that, besides that, I'm not saying don't do that. If you'd like to do that, keep doing it. 

But here is a framework that if you follow the framework, you will notice that it can 10x your previous efforts in manifesting. In fact, it will get you to the results way faster than just you doing positive affirmations the whole day. And no, it does not require you to meditate for 15 minutes in the morning every day, right? Or do a lot of breath work. 

Nothing wrong with doing that, guys. I'm not saying you shouldn't do it. Do it if you like to do it. 

I'm saying maybe just spend five minutes doing this. Follow the framework. Follow the process. 

It adds on and multiplies whatever your efforts are in trying to get to the outcome. And if you're not already doing any manifesting, then it's great because then you can follow this method. So, this method is simply this.

You start with intent, okay? I'll show you exactly how to do that because intent defines the clarity that we need. What do we intend to manifest clearly? Then the second part is about alignment. And alignment means you need to align to the vibrational energies. 

Remember the portals I told you about? The Chimun, the mystical doorways, those are the portals. You want to align to the heaven, earth, man, spirit realm, whichever the energies that you want to align to, to get the outcome that you wrote down in intent. So, you want something, you find the right chart. 

I repeat, you want something in the intent, you find the right Chimun chart for it. And then you initiate the command. You initiate the command, meaning the instructions. 

What is the instructions that you want this energy, this vibrational energy in the Chimun chart to do? What do you want your own guardian of destiny to do? What is the assignment? What is the task? And once you assign the universe and the energy what to do, you too need to do your part. So, what is your part? What are the things that you are contributing to the outcome? The part on conquer means I'm going to go out there and take action. I'm going to go out there and take massive action to get to my goals. 

Now, you see, the difference between a lot of people with success is simply this, right? If you outwork everybody, you really put in the effort. You take hundreds of different actions towards your goal. You don't give up. 

You stand up every time, you make mistakes, you stand up, you keep on doing. As opposed to the one person that, you know, give up on the third try, for example, and don't really take the extra amount. If you do all that, really put in the effort to go all that, what is really missing in this equation is just the blessings or grace to happen, right? Now, I use the word grace or blessings because this is universal, right? Some people would call grace or blessings the creator. 

Some will have a name for it, the universe or God or whatever, right? It's still a blessing. When that happens, together with all your conquering your hard world, the outcome is inevitable. You will get there. 

As opposed to you just working hard, but when there's no grace happening in your life, you don't get there, right? So, how many of you believe that grace is always available? How many of you believe grace is out there? It's always available. Yes or no? Type a me right now. Yes? Grace is always available. 

The question is, are you available for grace? Let me tell you what people who don't, who are not available to grace. So, grace can take many forms, right? You know, the problem is we have a preconceived idea of how grace should be. It needs to be this, it needs to be there, it needs to come in the form of a white dragon, right? Descending from heaven, needs to be like angels, it's got to have angel wings, it's got to have a halo around the head and all that, right? But the thing is this, grace happens in all different forms. 

Sometimes your biggest challenges or so-called setbacks are in fact grace happening. How many of you agree with this? Type a one, right? You agree? The problem is it didn't happen the way you want it to happen. So, we complain about things that it's not convenient or nice to us, right? Even if the divine appears in front of you today in a human form, the first thing is you smell, I don't know why you behave like this, I don't like your face. 

You're already complaining. Before I chance this person even be nice to you, you already have that preconceived idea of what is nice or not nice. These cannot be God-sent, because God-sent cannot be smelly. 

I cannot stand it, all right? Some people, grace can be any form. You see cockroach, kill cockroach. God cannot come in the form of cockroach. 

How do you know this is all universe creation? You just killed your one messenger, right? So, the thing is this, I'm not, the cockroach is an extended far-fetched example, but here I am trying to say to you is that we have preconceived idea of what divine should be. Now, the reason I say that is because validation will come where you will see signs from the universe that will tell you, okay, I got what you want, you did your part, leave the rest to me. Leave the rest to me. 

It's coming, okay? So, the whole process here is like a process of command. You set the intent, align, command, conquer, and then validate. Now, a lot of people when they manifest something, they, how many of you feel the same? You feel, I'm not really sure, you know, I have this doubt, this small doubt, right? And doubt kills manifesting, you agree? Right? All doubt, and you can't get over, overcome it, right? I'll show you is how many of you have ordered food from Uber Eats or Grab? Yeah? You've ordered food from Uber Eats and Grab? Okay. 

So, it's kind of like that. You set an intent, you look through the app, right? You place your order, and then you expect the order to come. Is there any moment of doubt that once you order, this order will not, will not eventually won't come? 90% of the time will come because the expectations will come, and then you will be setting up the table, getting the food ready, right? Getting the table ready for the food to come. 

You do your part, right? You pay the money, expect it to come, and in the end, you will get notifications that it's coming on the way, and then you go down and collect your food, right? That's kind of like how manifesting with the framework works. You set your intent, you align to the universe energies, right? Which one, right? Which order page, what item? And then you command, set the order, this is what I want, two cheeseburgers, right? Five chicken wings, 10 Diet Cokes, whatever. And then you set up to do your part, you're going to set the table up, you pay the money, right? You set the table up, tell the kids, get ready to eat, and then you receive notifications, validate, for it to come. 

That's how manifesting should feel like. It should not feel like, gee, I wonder if I did order the five burgers, maybe it's going to not send me burgers, and it's going to send me, you know, some chow kway teow, right? Or some noodles. You didn't order noodles, it's not going to send you noodles, right? So that is the process of expectations, okay? Now, I've put this entire thing here in that document that I just sent you, all right? So this document here, the way I've structured the five part, and I'm going to be going through this in the next three parts of this training, section by section, okay? I'll show you that you need to get some of these downloads. 

And you can do this yourself, of course you can do this yourself, it's just a lot of tedious work, right? Or you can get the ready-made copy, which saves you time, or you can do it by hand. Some people love to do it by hand, great, okay? And nowadays with AI designing, you can design your own if you want to. This section here, you can see part one, it says your intent. 

And the whole section here, I will show you how you can fill in the blanks in the correct way to actually define with clarity and full determination of what the intent is. And then we're going to go on to the section of alignment. That's where you're going to align with your internal achievement energy, as well as which realm of energy you're tapping into. 

You can tap to the divine, you can tap to the universe, the spirit, or you can tap to heaven, earth, or man. Then the section three, part three is about the commands, right? You're going to use the right commands. I'll show you how you can give the right commands. 

You're not wishing, you're not hoping, you certainly are not begging, okay? When you beg, desperation does not manifest, remember that. Desperation will never ever manifest. You do not do this out of desperation. 

And then there is the part four, which is conquer, means you want to select the right time to take the right achievement activity. And I'll show you how you can use that as well, okay? And then part five is you need to validate. Validate means you want to take note of the evidential occurrences. 

The universe is giving you what sign? Sometimes 111, sometimes 444, sometimes you wake up at this exact minute 259, right? Those are numbers, sometimes it's words, sometimes you hear a voice, right? So that's validate. And then you're going to write down the wins and achievements of the day. And then you're going to write down what you're grateful for, because gratefulness enhances and speeds up the outcome. 

Okay, I'm going to show you how, all right? Now, if you have not already done so, I will give you a couple of these ready-made documents for the next couple of days until part four, all right? So you can actually practice this along the way. I'm not going to give it to you if you're going to use it, right? You can download it here. Yeah, follow this and download this copy. 

Or for those of you who already have the, you ordered the book and you got the book earlier on, then you could use that. So this is the the current year and then there's also the future coming year, all right? Good. Now, let's get to the part where you could actually be super successful to manifest, okay? To do this, I summarize the entire practice of achievement manifesting into just this one statement. 

When all four realms are aligned, all manifestations become reality. When all four realms align, that means your thoughts, that means your mind, your emotions, your being, your physical being, and the divine energy is all aligned with one direction, as in to one purpose, the manifesting will become real. What it means is if you are thinking about this, but behaving like that, that's different direction, or you are saying you want this thing, but actually you're feeling wise, you're wanting that thing, or you're not aligned internally with your mind and thought and body, then the outcome cannot be manifested. 

Like for example, you say you want to manifest losing weight. So to manifest losing weight, energetically, you connect, right, with the right motivations and all that. Now you're motivated, you're aligned. 

But emotionally and physically, you must also want to lose weight, meaning you actually will physically go and exercise or take up certain sports or go to do something. So now you're physically saying, okay, my physical body also want it. I'm seeing the doctor, I'm taking some medication, I'm doing some treatments, I also want it physically. 

What's missing is just the timing. Once you get the timing as well, now you lose weight. You understand my point? So a lot of people say one thing, but then do the other. 

So you want to be successful, but then you don't pay the price for success. You want to have a great relationship, but you actually don't do the thing that a great relationship needs, which is to build trust and build the foundations of trustworthiness, for example, right? So to get all these four realms aligned, we have to have some clarity of what we want. So gaining clarity is the first step, because if we don't have clarity on what we want and want to achieve, we ain't going to get what we want. 

The second part is getting into flow, getting into the energy of the achievement chart, getting into the portal. So gaining clarity, getting into flow, gaining clarity, getting into flow, manifesting becomes possible. So gaining clarity is your job to go inwards and find out exactly what you want and whether you're prepared to do the work. 

And getting into flow means let's align this with timing. Okay, now let's focus on gaining clarity, shall we? Gaining clarity is a process that you need to understand that it's needed throughout your life. And it happens for different aspects of your life. 

Clarity is needed in different stages of your life and in different areas of your life. Okay, different stages. As a kid going to school, it's a different stage of your life.

Clarity is needed to decide what to study, who you befriend with, and so forth. As you are deciding, as you get older, you want to get married, not get one, want to get married, that is another stage you need some clarity on. Some people, it's better off being alone, right? Staying single. 

Some people are better off having a partner, right? Or what do you want from a relationship? Different stages. You want to change career, for example, you have to also, that's a different stage. You need clarity in that aspect as well. 

Different areas of your life, your career, clarity, wealth clarity, investment clarity, right? Well-being clarity, so many things. So clarity is needed in different areas of your life. But to get there, you just need to do this thing with Qimen. 

The step is to get into your Qimen Destiny Palace direction, like so, okay? So this is a sitting direction. You sit with your back towards your Qimen Destiny Palace direction. You sit with your back towards the Qimen Destiny Palace direction. 

Because you are, now it could be any direction, this case is east, but for some people it might be northwest, some people might be west and so forth, all right? So you're going to connect to your destiny direction, your Qimen Destiny direction with your back towards the direction, and you're going to connect with your lifetime guardian of destiny, the one you are born with. Some of you are chief, some of you are nine heavens, some of you are black tortoise, some of you are moon, doesn't matter, okay? You connect to your lifetime guardian, and basically you're going to ask for clarity. Now to ask and gain clarity, there are several steps. 

So I'm going to show you all these steps, and you're going to practice this the moment this event, day part one is over, tomorrow and day after, you're going to do a couple of times. Maybe the first time it didn't work, it may take a couple of times, because you haven't done this before, right? So before we begin, you want to think about what areas of your life do you want clarity on. Career, like what do you really want for your career in the next one year, five years, ten years, what do you really want? Why do you want it? Why is it important? Some of you are like, I don't know, I just want to get a job, make ends meet, make a living.

That sort of bullshit answer, not good, not deep. You got to have deep answers, right? Why you do the things you do, that brings wisdom, right? So you have that aspect, that area of life, can be health, can be relationships. The moment you decide, once you gain clarity, the decision that follows becomes easy. 

But until you get to that point, most decisions are hard. Until you get to the point, what is that? Unable to gain clarity, right? So step one is reflection. Backing towards this direction, you reflect on why you want something, why is it important, why if you don't have this, what bad things or unpleasant things can happen, and why is it a must that you get this? Certain questions of understanding.

The second thing is observe. So you want to back toward this direction and observe, has your actions been leading you to happiness in this area? Has your thoughts and emotions, whatever they are, describe them in detail, led you to this outcome that you wish to manifest? Has your circle of friends, you observe, just observe, don't judge. It's like, are they supportive, non-supportive, right? What have you done, what have you not done? Just observe, like as a third party, you're seeing it, right? You see, people always talk about mindfulness, mindful, mindfulness. 

Then they say, listen to the rain, listen to the breathing. No, no, no. Mindful means observe. 

You step back and observe your life, right? In relation to that area that you wish to gain clarity, you observe what has been going on, right? Were your actions supporting or not supporting? Just observe, no judgment. The third component is to articulate, to become fully aware of the level of energy that you currently have towards this particular subject matter. So you're not trying to describe the subject matter. 

You just say, when they talk about relationship, is it from zero to 10? Do you feel warm? Do you feel trusted? Do you feel happy? The level of vibrational energy. Sometimes you mentioned that word, right? You talk about your spouse or your partner. It used to be a 10. 

Now it's down to a seven. And then for some of you, it's down to a three. Some of you are like zero, right? Whenever you mentioned, oh, that person, that's a, you know, the energy level goes down. 

That will help you win clarity because the highest clarity comes from when you are actually at your highest level of vibrational energy. When you're at lower levels of vibrational energy, usually it's frustration. Usually it's confusion.

Usually it's sleepless nights. Usually it's a lot of anger that usually you don't know what to do. The higher the vibration, the sense of certainty is usually higher. 

So you want to just be aware. I'm not trying to ask you to push the energy up. I'm saying, what's the energy, right? Like what you're learning right now, whether or not you're absorbing whatever I'm sharing with you in this part one. 

Also, it's your own energy right now. What's your level right now? Level zero, zero, level 10 is the highest. Now, some of you nine, eight, nine, wow, 10. 

Oh, come on, right? I don't know. You've got vibrational energy. Okay, cool. 

Right. But you truly want to see some of you, if you are doing, if you are approaching this at level three or level four, you're probably not going to remember a lot of this stuff because you get distracted along the way, right? Some of you, hopefully you stay in the game, right? You want to be part of this training and stay in the game, right? You got to stay alert. So being aware of the energy level itself, your presence itself, how present are you spiritually, energetically, mentally, that tells you whether or not you have clarity. 

Now, while backing this direction, you can also write down, ideally, what would be a nice outcome? What would be a nice, perfect situation? You've never tried writing in round, right? I mean, you've not won a lot of things, or you've won a lot of things, but have you tried articulating this, describing it in writing? Because there's power in writing. Being able to describe the outcome that you wish to be in, the reality that you wish to be in. Now, some of you say, well, I don't know that many words. 

Can I check GPT, this stuff? Preferably not, okay? Because you want to use your own words to express. Even if you have lack of words, use whatever word that you know, because it has meaning for you. It is meaningful to you, whereas a computer-generated thing is not meaningful to you. 

It's somebody else's words, you want to use your own words. Try that. The fifth thing you can do while backing this direction to gain deep clarity is to think about in the past.

What sort of emotions or moments that brought joy, happiness, or positivity to your life? Now, just record it like something someone said, and that emotion was so vibrant and happy. You heard that from someone. You heard a thank you, you were in a situation, you saw an environment that brought really positive emotions. 

So describe that moment and record it down. Because by doing so, now you know, listen guys, now you know what actually makes you happy. Because otherwise, you don't know what makes you happy. 

Oh, I want to be happy, I want to be happy. Why my relationship, girlfriend don't make me happy, boyfriend don't make me happy. Why, why, why? You're supposed to make me happy. 

But you don't know what made you happy in the first place, right? So why don't you describe that moment? Is it when they said something? Is it when they did something? Or when you experienced something? When you hear something? What was that one moment? Okay, record it down because that's what clarity is about. Okay, the sixth thing you can do is to determine what type of help do you actually need? A lot of people don't know what help they need. They say, I need this. 

Okay, but what's the assistance you need here? What can't you do by yourself? Now, if the tempting answer is, I don't know, think, think true. That's the process of gaining clarity. If you want someone to help you, you've got to first know what you need help in, in the first place. 

Not knowing an answer to this is in fact why you're stuck. Determine what type of help that you need. And if you could describe it, you could get it. 

Okay. And lastly, you want to deep dive into that subject that you chose. Like you really deep dive in it. 

You don't want to just surface level know about stuff. You want to go deep into it because the more concentration and devotion you give to the subject, the clearer and clearer the pathway becomes. I repeat, the more devotion and energy and focus you give to that subject, the more the pathway opens up for you. 

Okay. So now you gain clarity. Now, the next part is to get into flow. 

Alignment. That's what alignment means. So alignment means you need to align spirit, mind, emotions, body. 

That's what alignment is like. Okay. So a complete alignment of these four realms equals good fortune. 

A complete alignment of these four realms equals good fortune. It means that whatever you wish for, or you want to manifest will now have the support of these four realms to bring forth into reality. Okay. 

So you need to write down what you want. This is important. This is how we set the intentions, by the way. 

Rule number one, you have to be extremely clear. Extremely clear on what do you want or what don't you want. The clearer you can write, the better the outcome would be. 

Step number two, rule number two, it has to be within your current realm of possibility. If it is not within your current realm of possibility, you say, ah, you know, your cynical thing is, I want a million dollars. I want to manifest a million dollars. 

I got to have a million dollars. I know why I want a million dollars. But the million dollars is this. 

You're currently only making $80,000 a year. That jump from $80,000 a year, jumping to a million dollars is going to be out of your realm of possibility. Your brain, your hair, your heart, your balls won't believe what you want to manifest. 

And this disbelief, the body is against it. When the body is against it, the manifesting won't come through. Okay.

So for the starters, it needs to be within the realm of possibility. And for those who want to go beyond the realm of possibility, that's for long-term subjects, long-term manifesting. Okay. 

So start with something that is within the realm of possibility that is still okay. If you work a little bit harder and do certain things right with one or two contacts, you'll get there. Important. 

Rule number three, be specific and determine the timeframe. Because the timeframe allows you to set a time to collect or gain the thing in which you manifest. Because otherwise it'll be forever, right? So our timeframe is not a specific day.

It's a period of time. I would divide the year into four parts and put it as, you know, first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, and fourth quarter. Within the three-month timeframe, it is pretty reasonable for most smaller desires. 

Okay. So you want to go a timeframe where you're going to get the goods. And rule number four is the most important.

The most important, in fact. It is the rule that says you must know that your goal is actually worth your time in pursuing this. I say this because if you make flimsy desires, because you know, it doesn't matter, it doesn't worth my time. 

I'm just doing it for fun. I'm doing it for fun. The moment you say that, it won't happen. 

I'm doing it for fun. No, you're not doing it for fun. You're doing it for real. 

Because it's worth your time. If it is not worth your time, your body, your energy, your soul, your heart will not put in the energy exchange to bring forth this outcome for you. Okay. 

So it's got to be worth your time in doing this. So if you're not serious, in other words, if you're not serious and committed to this, the goal will not happen. The wish, the desire to manifest, the outcome will not happen. 

Okay. So if it's worth your time, it will be a command that will happen in your favor. And so I give you this very important secret here. 

Okay. You must, you must take note of this. Okay, guys. 

Oh, you got to go early. Is there a replay? Guys got a replay? This one. We call it what this time? The goal pass. 

Okay. So why don't you put the thing up? It's easier for them to see. Yeah. 

Yeah. Okay, guys, if you want the replay, there is a goal pass for the replay. Otherwise, everyone's watching this live, right? Yeah. 

So, and if you're staying to the end, I mean, even if you're getting replaced, it's not going to be the full replay, right? There's going to be most of the important parts, but some parts we want to encourage everyone to watch live. Because if you commit the time that itself, it's a commitment that you'll be serious in this and your manifesting will come true as well. Right. 

It's part of training. That's why we prefer that everyone attends this live. I know life gets in the way, but if you can allocate time to do something, the results will be much better. 

But if you really have to get the replay, then there is the, what do you call it again? Goal. Goal pass. Yeah. 

Get the goal pass and get the replay. Okay. All right. 

So if you're staying to the end, I will give you a special gift for today as well. Right. Okay. 

Now, so gaining clarity and getting in sync with flow. Now, how to get in sync with the flow is that you choose good timing. So, how do you choose, right? How do you choose good timing? So remember you have your achievement destiny chart. 

So this is your achievement destiny chart. Now your achievement destiny chart, I make it the easiest way. Right. 

So this is a destiny chart with the destiny palace in the East sector. Can you see? Destiny. Okay. 

So just think of your destiny as an East sector. So when you're going to do the manifesting or you're going to use spiritual achievement, you're going to be backing the East and you're going to be facing West. Backing the East means now you're sitting on or you're going into the East dimension. 

The East is your destiny palace. Okay. But you can't just sit there and, okay, everything's going to be good. 

All right. What's I'm going to do? All right. You're going to wait for this thing called the day chart. 

It's called the day chart. Can you see the day chart? Now the day chart, the East sector, there's a bunch of components as well. Yes or no? Every day there are different components in the East. 

So when a bunch of good components arrive at the East, that means this component has entered into the East sector to which it's part of your destiny palace. Now the portal is open. So you don't get this every day. 

You get this time and time again, when good energies arrive. Now, of course, you probably would be thinking what is good, what is not good. Okay. 

We've color-coded, right? So this color is all the good stuff that you see. I'm going to label it out here. So these are all the good guys, right? All the good components. 

Even when you print out the charts, when you look at the charts that you see now, they're highlighted in the different color. And then the dark components are usually the not so desirable, unless specific reason, type of components. So if a box like the East, here's an example. 

There's all the good stuff in the East. That means on this specific day, this destiny box, which is yours in the East, now has the superpower, the portal's open. So what do you do, right? Well, on this day, you could do two things. 

Spiritual achievement has, the first one is to ask for advice. So if you need clarity, you could use this day to ask for clarity. That's the best. 

And the other one is to co-create destiny. So you could use this day to write something, to activate certain things in your life. Okay. 

So there are ways to use this, right? Based on the sector of your destiny, but there are other ways too. Okay. This is the first one. 

I think it is easy. So let's talk about the first one. It's called asking your own deity about, and for advice, right? So you can go into this, finding a good time, or even if you don't have good time, you can still ask the deity, right? You go into a state of, you know, light meditation. 

Light meditation, we call this the alpha brainwaves, or I like to call it sage mode. That means like all the sages go into meditation, you break down your, slow down your brainwaves into a point where it's only, it's slower. You enter into a meditative, intuitive energy framework. 

So in that time, it's easier for you to set out a command, receive thoughts, and receive guidance. So generally what you're doing now is you're talking to your subconscious, or you, in scientific ways, you talk to the subconscious, or in a metaphysics way, you're talking to your guardian of destiny. So you can ask your guardian of destiny about a question, right? And maybe something you need guidance of, or you're not clear about this. 

I need some clarity on this. What should I do? Right? I need to know a little bit more about this. I'm unsure about that. 

Can you give me some guidance about this? Can you help me with this? Can you help me with that? Can you show me the way for this? Stuff like that, okay? So there are very simple type of clarifying questions, okay? Now, this is not a kindergarten class, I'm pretty sure you know how to ask clarifying questions, all right? Clarify some things, help me understand some things, show me the way for this, show me the way for that, right? I need to understand this better. What do I want? What do I not want? What is the beneficial path forward? What do I need to do right now? So many things you can do, okay? So you could write this down like so. If it's related to something to do with your career, this is a way you can ask the question, right? The simple way, right? You can see it's just two sentences, because you want to go down into meditation and ask the, and you address your guardian deity, hey Surgeon Snake, I need some clarification on this matter.

What do you think is the best way I handle this? Or what should I know about this that I don't already know? What can give me clarity on this subject matter? So you back direction and ask. Now, if you're doing this on your own, it's best to wait about seven days after you ask to wait for subconsciously the universe to give you the answer, okay? About within the seven, you cannot ask the next day answer, because you don't have that sort of a high level access yet, okay? So sometimes it takes a bit of time. It's like you call a long lost friend, right? Hey, you know, Surgeon Snake, can you give me this? It's like, hey, when was the last time you talked to the Surgeon Snake? 25 years ago? My God, even this friend doesn't remember you remember the friend, right? So you got to first build relationship, ask more questions, give a couple of days.

In seven days time, you know, if you didn't really get an answer, then ask again, that sort of thing, okay? Now, you could do it your way. Or you can do the simple way. How many of you would like a more simpler way? Simpler way, right? Okay, I have actually prepared an access for you right now for you to try this out. 

This is called the Oracle. And it really is based on the Oracle of the hour. So first, you need to determine where your destiny palace is.

Because then after that, when you know where your destiny palace is, and you determine there are good stars that enter the destiny palace, for example, in this case here, and on that day, you can access this thing called the Oracle. So here's the Oracle. You access this Oracle, hold on a second, I'll show you how you can get access to Oracle and try it out. 

This is for trial only. Or you can do it manually. I just taught you how to do manually.

I'm just showing you a slightly easier way to do it. So you're backing towards your direction. And now you take out your phone, because you can access it in your phone. 

And you're going to key in your question in detail. What do you need clarity on? Career? Wealth? What do you need to clarify on that you need to gain clarity on? Now, you can do it the manual way, the seven steps I told you about. Or you can actually do by asking a question. 

Hey, you know, I have this thing, I have this trouble. I'm concerned about this. I need clarity on this. 

I'm not sure if I should do that or this. What do I need to know in order to gain clarity? Ask in detail. You type the answer after you meditate with that. 

You type the question, you click, and the Oracle will be based on this current hour minutes chart. And now you're backing, you're using the physical together with the chart interpretation. And through my voice, this entire system that we have AI will help you generate the answer. 

It's really close to what I would say, because it's based on so many years of how I give advice to people. And now you could synthesize the whole thing and put a structure to it. And so you should test this out. 

Okay, this is really, really, really cool. And it will give you an answer like very close to what I would say based on the interpretation of the chart. And this is a short thing about what clarification you need. 

It's not the full forecast. It is a Oracle sort of thing to give you a short advice. But sometimes it's that one spark that you need, right? Okay, so you try this out. 

Now, how do you get there? So this here is part of the tribe plus that we give to all our tribe plus members, then they get to use it all the time. Now I just show you how to use it. But here's a trial for you a whole month for free. 

So you can use this throughout your month and get whatever clarity you need. Listen, you don't need clarity for every single day for 365 days, right? Maybe this one month, use it as many times as you want to get as much clarity as possible. But if you feel that this is valuable for you, then just keep being in there. 

If not, just end it, right? So try this out. No loss to you, only gains. All right. 

So to do this, you access this. This is a free trial claim to the tribe plus account. So at least now you get one month. 

If you're not already a tribe plus member, try this out. Because everyone at the start of their membership gets a welcome free one month just to try it out. So you're already in it, you're already in it, right? So just keep using it and do that and get the answer. 

But the difference is you're now using with your Chimon direction. So you're going to go into your Sage mode, talk to your guardian of destiny, and then type the question, see the answer. Okay, that's one way to gain some clarity. 

Okay, that's the first step. Everyone okay? All cool? Now inside the tribe plus, there's a lot of stuff. I want you to explore it yourself as well. 

Okay, you get a free month to gain access to everything. There is a monthly report based on your personal chart. And in that monthly report, it gives you the key highlights, you know, what to watch out for, what are important key areas of focus, how do you transform, how you stay aligned with clarity. 

It's all personalized by the way. Super personalized, it identifies areas where you need to focus, where you put your energy to, right? Your areas where good for communications, relationship, I mean, you just look at it, right? Get your chart, and you see how valuable the information is very, very personalized. With technology today, it's as close to 90 plus percent as if a person actually doing this whole thing manually for you. 

It's all there. And it tells you the best time to do things as well. It also has the recommendations on, you know, how do you balance your emotions? How do you manage your emotions? How do you look for the best period of time to take certain types of action? And it tells you how to manage your well-being, right? How to boost vitality. 

It gives you good dates as well. Okay, and all the good dates, you can use that for manifesting and or you use it for important activities. Anyway, I leave it up to you to explore, all right? There's a lot of things.

Okay, now, the Chairman Oracle is part of the features that are in there. The feature, one of the features is this Chairman Oracle. A lot of people didn't know it's there, who are in TriPlus, now you know. 

So go and access and have a look, okay? Now, the first part is, as I said, the spiritual achievement, asking for advice. The second part is co-creating destiny. So to co-create destiny, while you could use certain dates and time to manifest outcomes, but before you manifest, you have to do one type of exercise, and that is cleansing. 

If you don't do cleansing, no manifesting will work in the way you want it to work. It's kind of like, I'll show you this, right? This is a beautiful cup, yes? A glass. What if I pee in this glass right now? I mean, imagine, right? This yellow liquid is pee. 

And I put in the best Coca-Cola soda inside, put the best whiskey inside, I put in the best vodka shot inside, make the best cocktail ever, and have you drink this. You're still drinking pee, even with the best type of drinks inside, the best whiskey, the best drinks inside. Why? Because there's pee in the first place, yes or no? I know it is very descriptive, but you kind of get the answer, right? So the first step is, you need to, what do you need to do? You need to pour away the pee.

Not only that, you need to wash the freaking cup, yes or no? Or the glass. For some of you, even washing this glass with the most powerful cleaner, you still feel that it is not purified now, yes or no? Okay? So now imagine you are trying to do manifesting. And there's a lot of this negative energy inside, just like the pee that is inside. 

And you're trying to put the good stuff on it, the right achievement portal charts, the energy and all this stuff inside. At the end of the day, it's still shit. That part requires you to do cleansing and purifying exercises.

First, you need to clear. And when you clear this, when you finally clear out the energy, that is when the subsequent part where you install the new intentions and the commands, that's when you will get the true essence of manifesting. Okay? So write this down, cleansing first, manifesting later. 

And cleansing must happen as often as possible, once a year at least for those established practitioners, or at least like four to five times, you need to cleanse this. It's like a detox of your energy framework. How many of you agree with this type of one? Okay? Some of you guys follow me to China on China excursion or Taiwan excursion, we do cleansing exercises. 

Usually the first day we do a lot of that purifying first. Because once you do that, the next part of manifesting becomes easy. Okay. 

All right. Having said that, I'm going to give you the dates for cleansing, and I will also give you the commands for cleansing verbally when you're doing the cleansing. All right. 

Are you ready for it? So here it is. This is for the next two days. And I need you to pay attention to this exactly how it is done. 

Okay. Now, this is not like the best of the best of the best cleansing dates, but it is best for now, because we need to use this for the next, in this four-part training. Right? So to get, to give you the best chance of being able to manifest something significant by the end of this four-part training, you first have to do this exercise. 

Okay. Assuming that you have some, as we say, pee water in the glass, or even if you don't have pee inside the glass, the glass is still stained. Right? So you're going to do that washing, that spiritual cleansing. 

So here are the dates. The first one is, this is on your local time, guys. It's going to be based on your, wherever you are in the world. 

The first one is, in fact, tomorrow morning, 23rd of October. 23rd of October, 2025. And the timing is between 5am to 7am. 

Now you don't need to do this for an entire hour. I don't know. You don't have that many things to cleanse, right? You can do it around 6.30, 6.45 is the usual time. 

A lot of people get up to go to work. Okay. So you find the southeast sector of your home. 

Okay. The southeast region of your home. It can be anywhere in the southeast. 

So this is a home, right? The entire quadrant here is the southeast. So it can be from center all the way to that area. Find the southeast region of your home.

Anywhere within that region of your home, the region of that home, you're going to go to that area. And on that area, the zone, right? The southeast area zone, the 6.30, okay? You don't have to go into someone else's room. You can just be on the outside, that area. 

And you're going to sit down in a comfortable way with your back, back towards your own Cheeman Destiny Palace direction. I repeat, at 6, between 5 to 7am, go to the southeast area of your home, 23rd of October, local time. Back toward your, any direction, right? Back toward your Cheeman Destiny direction.

And on that time, I would like you to play a voice-led cleansing instruction that I will lead you through. Just follow, just listen. All you do is click play, put down, and listen. 

And you do that, okay? You will do this very, very simple exercise, all right? Super, super simple exercise to go through that cleansing thing. I will lead you through utilizing the 7-Star Chief, which is what we use for cleansing all the time. And on the 23rd, if you look at the chart, there's the Void Constellation, which is perfect for taking all the burdens and pain and everything that is unfair to you in this life and all the blockage and sending it into the void.

Okay? Now, for some people, obviously, you're listening to this as a replay and you probably missed it and all that. I don't know whether I'm including this in the replay or not, but we'll see, okay? So, there is a second date and time, not as good as the first date because we always like Void together with Chief 7-Star level, which is obviously the highest form, most purest form of Chief, and Void Constellation is perfect. The second one, which is also Chief at the 7-Star level, and it has a Net Constellation, which is part of the Moon Constellation, because in constellations, there are five elements plus sun and moon. 

So, moon is pretty good at, you know, doing a yin, re-calibration and so forth. So, this would be on the 24th of October, just a day later, between 3 to 5 p.m. 3 to 5 p.m. Okay? So, 3 to 5 p.m., this is the monkey hour, and you're going to go to the west area of your home. Now, I know this is probably a workday or you're somewhere else, then go to the west area of your office or your studio or wherever you are, right? The west area. 

Just close your eyes for a time period, put in your sound, what do you call that, noise cancellation, AirPod 3 earphones, right? Plug it in, and then, you know, at the right moment, once you calm down, relax, you click on my voice message, which I will send to you around that time, about 3.30 p.m. Okay? 3.30 p.m. around that time, because anywhere between the time, local time, right? So, once you have that, you're going to use that to do the cleansing. You're going to send all the negative energy with the assistance of the chief and your own achievement guardian of destiny, and all the way, the net constellation will catch it and send it away. Okay? Do that. 

Can you do that? This is very important. If you have been betrayed before, you have any pain, anything you wish that, you know, do you want to let go, anything that's traumatized you before, you want to get to this sector, and then turn backing towards your achievement destiny direction. So, you want to physically be in the west area on the 24th at between 3 to 5, and turning around so that your back is faced towards, back towards your achievement destiny direction. 

That is the instruction, okay? It cannot be any more simpler than this. Okay? Okay. Now, so now you know what to do for tomorrow morning. 

I know it's getting quite late for those who are watching live right now. Remember I said that for you guys who stayed to the end, there'll be a chance for you, if you're watching this live, to win this, the Deity's book. How many of you would like to win this? Yeah? Okay. 

So, there is an exercise for you to do, and after you complete the exercise, you need to post it onto our Facebook group. Okay? Because when you post it there, it shows that you've done your work, and your work will also inspire others. You create good karma, good energy. 

You benefit, everyone benefits. It's a good thing. All right? And this is like an ethical bribe. 

I shouldn't have to be bribing you to do your homework. I mean, you go to school those days, your teacher don't bribe you, right? But here I am trying to encourage you to do something. So, here's the thing. 

Okay? So, there'll be three books I'm going to give away. The rest, if you don't win it, you can buy it. You do this exercise, and if you submitted the best three answers, the best three people who did this, we will announce the winners and send a copy to you. 

Okay? We'll get your address and send to you. How about that? Okay? Let's try. Do your homework. 

It's good for you. So, here's the thing. This is called the Divine Manifesting Clarity and Intention Activation Challenge. 

So, there's a couple of questions here in this document, and you need to fill this up to the best of your ability. So, you're going to sit with your back toward your destiny, palace direction, getting to that stage by calming down your mind, right? Getting into that stillness, meditate a little bit. The way to do that is to slow down your breathing, count backwards, 64 to one. 

Okay? If you count backwards slowly from 64 to one, you're in the zone. It's actually that easy. Okay? You don't have to go into deep trance, and then you see angels and all that. 

No, I think that you already go to heaven, yeah? No need to think anymore. So, you need to just go to a little bit, slow down your brain waves. From 64, you count backwards, concentrate on the numbers. 

Just concentrate. Don't think about anything else except for counting backwards. That's all you need to do while sitting with your back towards the direction. 

And when you're there, after you reach to point number one at zero, you open your eyes and you go through this. Name your sacred desire. What outcome is your soul truly calling in right now? Declare it as if it already exists and write why it feels sacred, holy, urgent, inevitable for you to create it now. 

Why is it important in other words? Write it down. And then you're going to be very, very, very open about this. You're going to talk about, you know, face the cost of delay. 

Suppose if this desire or this manifesting goal never actually manifests in the end, what will remain missing in your, let's say, relationships, your career, your finance, your goals in life, your freedom, your impact? I mean, you want to answer this question. How has this affected? You haven't got this yet, right? Because that's why you're trying to manifest it. How has this affected your life so far? Like really tell the truth. 

Because truth has power. Okay. And have you gotten used to not having this? Used to being average? That, you know, now you're thinking that not having it has become normal.

Maybe that's the problem. That's a cost, you know? Remember the moment you don't claim your greatness, you won't get it. And, you know, who else will feel the weight of your unfulfilled potential? I mean, when you're not fulfilling this potential or manifesting it, will your wife, you know, won't get the life that she deserved for marrying you? Or like, will your parents be proud of you if you don't achieve this? Or they'll just be all right. 

I mean, know that you're kind of not able to do it anyway, right? Or how much longer are you willing to live in this, this lack environment, right? I mean, lack of other words, this loser environment. How long? Right? But I'm not a loser. Fine. 

You're not saying you are. You're saying if you continue to not have this, right? Are you okay with being a loser? That's what you internally need to say. Because you see, change happens when you say enough is enough, right? What the world says is not important. 

What you say to you is important. Okay. The third thing is, now I need you to embody the vision. 

Now you can meditate on this, right? And step into the reality where this desire is already alive. What is that reality to you? How does it look, feel, and shift the way, you know, your day, the way you talk to people, the way you connect to others, the way you relate to others. I want you to capture all the details that is electrifying your spirit and, you know, that you know that this is already yours. 

Now you need to write this down. Remember I say, there's a power in writing things down. This is the part. 

Okay. Let your emotions flow. Write it down. 

I mean, there's no loss in writing this. Now, number four is, I need you to be very clear on this. Okay. 

Remember you are in that sage mode now. You're going to call out the shadows, what the true fears are, what the doubts really are, what are the hidden attachment that is really pulling you back. Okay. 

You want to write them down so that they are whole over you dissolves and, you know, all this negative will dissolve in the light of your awareness. Remember that. So I want you to write this down. 

Okay. It's part of the homework, right? And then the fifth part is, I need you to summon your divine allies. Which are the deities that you think, even though they're not your deity, right? Chief, snake, tortoise, which one, right? And what type of practices or energies that you can align with that can help you with this vision? As in which divine deity achievement do you think can assist you? So you're going to call this deity out and say, Hey, Sergei snake, you're on. 

I need you to help do this. You're going to get this done for me. Okay. 

So which deity? And then number six is you need to seal your intention with action. So you need to plan what's the next bold action you would take to show within the next 24 hours that you're ready to say to this universe that, you know, I'm ready to receive this stuff. Remember the part to conquer? This is the part. 

So really I'm putting you through the exercise. Okay. Some of you are saying, Oh, you don't know all the details about the deities. 

Well, it's in this book. That's why you're doing this. I'll give it to you. 

There are some short videos that I filmed that are under the resource section. So, um, it's before we started this training is already there, but most will miss it. You can actually, can you just put up the link in a shot? Yeah. 

Okay. These are the short descriptions of the deities that you can log on to have a look. If you want a bit more information, uh, do I have to do it on the good hour? Yes, you can do it on a good hour. 

Uh, that, the, the cleansing hour, you can use the cleansing hour, or you can do it at any hour because the cleansing is for cleansing is for that. Um, cleansing, uh, achievement ritual that bring you through some, it's not a religious ritual. It is a cleansing ritual, a format, a formula for you to remove the negative energy. 

But at the same hour, you can also do this exercise if you'd like to, or you can do it any time of day. Okay. When you're ready, then I want you to scan this code or at least take down this page for us. 

It's actually the achievement, uh, page on our, our, um, achievement group. And I want you to submit that homework in there, right? Clearly, please. Okay. 

And then we'll select three winners. Easy. Okay. 

All right. All right. Be sure to submit. 

Yeah. And, um, those of you on goal pass, right? So the goal pass, you guys need to, uh, there's a Q and a specifically for you guys by our team that, uh, they're logging on. I think tomorrow or day after you got to check, right? They have a session just to answer your questions. 

Okay. So you want to log on there. It's live. 

We can answer the, we can help you out with some of the questions you might have. The team will be there. Okay. 

Log onto your dashboard and check that out. Um, and, uh, for just a quick announcement here for some of you, I know you're an advanced user or achievement. Okay. 

This four part is generally for the beginners who just getting started and learning, right? So if you're a super advanced practitioner or achievement, and you want the next thing up, then the right place to go is here. Okay. You go to, if you're looking for an advanced program in achievement, we do have an advanced training in achievement. 

Uh, so if you're, you know, I mean, you've been worse for some time or you studied achievement before, this is too easy for you. You want the next thing, then here, go to the next thing. Uh, it's really for those who want to take the next step to the achievement practice to the next level.

Okay. So go there and get all the information that you need now. Okay. 

So that's it for our part one. Make sure you do your homework, but here's the thing. Don't, don't go over here.

And I will tell you something. Hold on. Chill, chill, chill, chill. 

Okay. Okay. All right, guys, hold on a second before you go before you go. 

Um, I know some of you might have some questions here that you want me to answer. Uh, and, uh, I can do that. If you just give me about maybe 10 minutes or so refreshing up, I'll go to my other room here and log on telegram.

Okay. I'll log on telegram. This is also to encourage you to be on our telegram channel.

And I will turn on, and I really enjoy this because I can just talk and feel really relaxed. And, um, I will turn on my telegram live stream. Everyone here log on to the telegram. 

Put the telegram thing out. Yeah. Okay. 

So you, you want to get onto telegram, uh, make sure you sign. If you don't have telegram for, for Pete's sake, download the freaking telegram. Right. 

So it's not that hard to do so. And don't have all this negative thinking. Oh, you know, I couldn't do this. 

It's not good. Just, just download it. Okay. 

Uh, and, and then, uh, click onto the group, the, the, this group. And then I, when I go live, just click join, right? Then I will talk to you and you can ask me questions. Uh, make sure your mic is, uh, on. 

And once you have that, I can actually communicate and talk to you directly as well. I'll answer a few questions. Okay. 

We're the parts here. Uh, and of course for our goal pass members, you get a special dedicated session with the team that actually goes through some of the questions and homeworks and all that we do and even deeper dive. All right. 

Okay, guys. All right. So I will speak to you shortly and, or I will see you in part two and the dates for part two are here. 

Okay. Make sure you get there. Uh, and, um, all the best in your practice. 

Remember to do the cleansing and I will see you in part two.
Welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, welcome to my lecture, we'll Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, To be honest, my first journey with Qimen is because I followed Jato quite early, before he even started Qimen. So when he first launched Qimen, I was like listening, I was like, wow, quite impressed to know that I'm chief. So I think 2015 I took his getting whatever you want from whatever you got class.

After that, then I took out Qimen Academy, but 2017 the year where he first launched Thrive, I also decided to take out Qimen Mastery. So what makes it very interesting for me is that prior to attending the actual Qimen forecasting class, just with the books alone, I helped my friend diagnose his illness problem. So a friend one day was saying that suddenly his left ear lost the hearing.

So because he is a doctor, I say like a professor in a research place and they have extra doctors there, they say that his issue may be chronic. So for me that time, even though I did not know any much Qimen, but based on my knowledge and I know that I'm a chief and I use the books, I carefully, I told him that your illness, star green is with life doll, so it is not as serious, it can be cured. So what he did is that he went to buy a TCM to use acupuncture on his area of the chin area, jaw area. 

Then later discovered that his wisdom tooth growth, so it is actually pressing on his nerve for the hearing. So after he did the acupuncture, hearing begins. So that is one thing I know that Qimen can actually save life and then save a lot of problems and issues. 

I believe that using Qimen is actually there for helping people to make the decisions especially if you know that your decision is supposed to be actually good and pure. I even have friends who during COVID time using day chart like the chief every day, she says that her career is getting better because I think the Qimen monthly calendar they will have the daily chief direction. All these resources are out there so we just need to actually learn how to use and apply to make it to our advantage.

Hi, this is Patricia Battler. Let me tell you my Qimen story. Sometime back we were driving down the road and we hit a rock with our vehicle.

It rendered it undrivable. We were stranded on the side of the road. This was at night during the pandemic, close to a holiday.

Most businesses were closed and I realized that we were going to have to spend the night there on the side of the road. What happened is that I ran a technique that is to invoke the chief. So that is exactly what I did. 

I backed up to the nobility direction and invoked the chief. Within a couple of minutes on my phone, there was an ad for a car dealership from the same make of my car. I called the number. 

Somebody answered. They sent help. They sent a tow truck, took us to their place, gave us hot coffee, a blanket. 

They gave us a loaner and we were able to come back home that same night although we were 500 kilometers away from home. This was an extremely dire situation in which we got out of very quickly, very easily using a technique which is backing up to the chief and invoking the nobility asking for help. And help came.

This was one of the techniques that I learned from the Kimen Academy. It was extremely useful, very timely, very simple. I appreciate so much that I was able to take this class and for all that I got out of it.

Thank you. I hope you enjoyed my Kimen story. This is Patricia. 

Thank you. Bye-bye. Sometimes I land under the moon I thank God I'm breathing And I pray don't take me soon Cause I am here for reasons Sometimes in my tears I drown But I never let it get me down In December last year, I was offered a property and this property loan that I have to obtain is a minimum of 80% loan.

During that period, I was wishing for a 75% loan and the bank officer was telling me that due to my age, it's not possible to give me that loan at 75%. So what I did is I asked my searching snake to find the opportunity so that they were able to grant me at 75%. So after two months, when the letter of offer offered me, it was at 75%.

If you have the patience and have the determination to ask your deity, your wish will come true. Initially, I was actually a non-believer in weather physics. However, when I did dive into the Qimen area, I actually understand and the more I manifest, the more positive outcomes have actually shown me.

One day, this all will change. Street people will say Stop with the violence, start with the hate One day, we'll all be free and proud to be One day, we'll sing a song of freedom like One day, one day, one day One day, we'll just say that we don't want... Okay, are we all on? Yeah, we're all on, we're supposed to go. Nice. 

Alright, time for one of you guys already. Everyone! Okay, let's see who's online right now. We have Amanda, Victoria Chu, Zee Swan.

How are you guys? Nalini Pillai. Okay. Alright, we have Anita, we have Savannah, we have Darren.

Thank you so much for joining me today. Okay, nice. Carson, nice. 

Melissa Lim, Pei Xuan. Good, good. Keep coming, alright.

Now, so now we are at our part two of our training. Did you guys participate in the telegram cleansing? Have one of you guys participated? I can see some of your names are there. Wei Han, definitely.

Alright, we have Yap Wei Han and Chun Wei Han. Alright, same names. You guys are there? Okay, nice. 

Great, great, great. Now, if you've missed it, like some of you I see right now, like Vinod, you've missed it. Bianca, you didn't know. 

Oh my god. Alright, so, well, then we still have to go through this because we cannot backtrack. And no, I'm sorry we don't have another day, right? So you just have to go through this first and then backtrack at the end of our training.

I know you've missed out, right? But here's the thing, right? Sometimes moving forward is the only way then to backtrack for those who missed. Okay, it doesn't mean that you can't learn some more. It just means that it's, you know, you haven't done one part of it, let's just not miss the next part too.

Okay, let's not miss this. So I know there's this FOMO kicking in. Oh, I didn't do it, didn't do it, didn't do it.

What to do? Surin? Kumar? Okay, we'll just continue, learn something. Is it okay? Right? Because right now we have lots to cover. I've got lots to cover.

We are learning a whole subject called Chiman Manifesting. And I want to go through the entire framework with you guys. So, of course, it would be great if you could participate and do this at the same time.

But if not, you've missed out one or two parts, then we'll just have to move on and backtrack when it comes, when after the training, there'll be some sessions where you could actually take it and then do your own purifying and you know what's the next step forward and we'll take it from there. Okay? Cool. So we do that.

Now let's have a look at where we are. We are talking about the Chiman Manifesting Framework. And the way this training, this time we are doing this, is there's four parts to this training.

We've done part one, which is the awakening. I even sent out a short summary, right, for you guys. You got the summary as well? Yeah, you get it? Yeah, Lily Cooper? Guys? Maria? Yeah, you got the summary? Okay, cool.

So that's a 10 minute sort of debrief, not debrief, it's like a recap of the day that was sent to all your emails. Now if you're not receiving my emails or from my team, it's quite likely that it went to the spam or somewhere else. I am 99% sure it went to the spam.

And so you guys have to do your own part to check it out. I know you keep asking us, but we cannot undo your spam account, whatever that is. So please make sure that if you're using Google, Gmail, or any of your email providers, you put us on the safe list of emails.

If you save our contact, it's generally in the safe list. Okay? Anything from our email address. Guys, can you put our official email address? Yeah? Just so you know.

Right. Yeah, this is our official email address that we're going to send over to you. So if we have any of the updates and stuff, it's going to be on this email.

Okay? The reason why I keep saying it is because people missed it and then they say we didn't send any emails, which we did. We always do. We tell them when the event is, when the live stream is going live, and sometimes impromptu.

Impromptu means all of a sudden, I decide that I might go on Telegram and talk to everybody. Then I'll just do it, and then I'll try to tell you guys on email as well. So you've got to do that.

I know I get scolded for something. Why are you going impromptu? You didn't announce to me earlier. Because it's called impromptu.

It's like when I feel like it, I go online. It's like when you feel like it, you want to go live, and you have time to do it, you do it. I know it's nice to give a heads up, but sometimes, well, for the special few who need special attention, those people I can't handle.

Right? They need to manifest peace. Right? So, I will try to send you an email and let you know if I decide sometimes to go impromptu. But being on this Telegram channel is important.

Right? So this is the Telegram channel thing. Be there. Because sometimes we go live, live, and or not, at least the message is there for you to see.

I keep you guys updated from there. Okay? And also, to address Malini Nair and to address Daniel Wong and Ashley Liu, Brian Ong, I saw your messages. And you guys have been to my achievement training before.

And so you wanted something more advanced. Just like some people here who was keeping quiet but didn't say much. Here is this code here.

This is for those who are already at an advanced level of achievement. Okay? So, you want to learn something else. This four-part training is for beginners.

So, 90% of you guys are beginners. Okay? So, if you guys would like the more advanced training, there might be a different route we're taking, different training, when it becomes available. Right now, we're doing for beginners only.

But when it do, when we do have it, you can contact this, you might as well contact this one and talk to the team. They keep you informed. Alright? So, if you're a practitioner, you're a master, you are professional, wants advanced study, or you want to turn this into a business, achievement consulting, this group.

Okay? So, I don't mix the two groups together. This is higher level achievement practitioners. Got it? Okay? And just a quick one.

So, we are at part two, right here. Right? We have done part one, and today is going to be about divine guidance and alignment. We did, we talked a little bit about 10 gods, but today we're going to go deeper into the, decoding your charts, obviously, and giving them the right, I'll give you the right framework to actually align to the energies, to align with the energies to get to where you want.

To get the outcome that you want, to manifest the outcome. So, today is very important. You learn more about your achievement charts today, and then we'll formulate the perfect command in part three.

I call it the perfect command because many people don't do it right. Just from looking at your assignment alone, I know. Okay? By the way, guys, did you guys watch the thing we did? Was it on Telegram or Instagram you guys are broadcasting, or was it on Facebook? One of these, right? I can't remember.

But, did you watch, if you're not watching, right? Karthik? Yeah? Nathan Lee? Did you watch the, where I recap the assignments? Okay, so I don't want to take too much time during this training to go through the assignments. You should rewatch the recap there. I just showed you, and I actually did a breakdown of how a lot of people don't know how to do an assignment properly, and how it should be done.

Because the assignment's purpose is to help you guys gain clarity. Because, as you know from part one, right? If you don't have clarity, which is the main reason why a lot of our manifesting doesn't work, Cheeman manifesting can only be outstanding to get rid of all your problems, and to manifest the outcomes that you desire, right? Maybe in terms of the types of career, the type of people you want in your life, to design the life that you actually want. That clarity on what that actual life is like is important.

And it's not an overnight thing. A lot of people don't know what they want, even in their late 30s, late 40s, they still don't know. They generally have an idea of what they dislike, right? Lots of complaints.

If your life is full of complaints, you don't like this, you don't like that, this, that, you don't like, you realize that you need a lot of manifesting, right? And by complaining, you're also manifesting a lot of things that you're complaining about, right? So, you have to have a technique for this. And that's why we start with the assignment. And so, if you were cynical, like some of you I've seen, right? Justine Teo, Stephanie Lau, right? You didn't do the homework, right? So, you're cynical.

So, you thought you could skip that part and then manifest greatness. It's quite likely that you are the ones that cannot manifest the outcome. And in fact, you're manifesting, in fact, the opposite of what you intend to manifest, because you actually didn't go through that.

That's why, you know, the homework's important, okay? You gotta go through the assignments. All right, so, watch those recaps, all right? I reviewed it, I've recorded it. If you missed it, go and watch it.

Okay? So, now, I want to start today's training with this picture over here. Okay? You know, as the saying goes, right? It only takes one match to start a fire. One match to start a fire.

And this fire is a metaphor for igniting your spiritual alignment and divine guidance. It just takes one fire. Okay? So, I want to begin today by giving you this kind of riddle here.

I mean, some of you have seen this before, some of you have not. So, here, these are all made of matches. Five plus five equals five.

Now, you know the equation is something wrong here. Now, here's the trick. Everyone, we're going to take, like, a few seconds.

Okay, maybe more than a few seconds. Just move one match to make this equation correct. One match.

One match, everyone. Let's send this on telegram as well for them. Okay, guys? Send it to a telegram so they know.

Just move one match. Okay? If you've not done it before, if you've done it before, don't tell the rest yet. Those who have not done it before, please put your answers down.

Right? You draw on it and then you send it back on telegram. Okay. Yeah, which match do you move? One match.

Yeah, just one. How to make this correct? Now, on the surface, it looks a bit tough. Yes? Who's got it already? Yeah, some of you got it, right? Charlene's got it.

Kyson's got it. All right. Cheryl.

All right, those who didn't get it, who's not yet? Okay. So, yeah, all right, so here's how you do it. Okay, ready? Here's a brief review.

You see this, the plus? Just remove that and put it this way. There you go. That's the answer.

So this is the one fundamental change. And the reason why we use this analogy, guys, is so that, to let you know, sometimes all it takes is one small shift. One small shift to transform your life.

Let that sink in a little bit. The entire four-part training is for us to find or at least start that one small shift to get to where you want to be, to get to an outcome, right, to manifest the great life that you always think about. It could be just that one shift.

Or all our life we're thinking whether we should be putting it, you know, just like this, right, this number? Instead of putting that plus to equal, we're trying to move it to numbers. Some of you did that mistake. Try to move the numbers around.

Try to change the font and change the numbers by putting it there. And then it doesn't work out, right? So there you go, right? A lot of people don't know that the shift is just one. And it's just like the match.

Once you light one, everything will start to ignite. So that's the goal, not just for today. Today is to find that one match.

But the goal for the next few parts of this training is to make that equation work for you. That's Chiman Art of Manifesting. Now I want to ask you guys this very important question.

How many of you have gotten used to mediocrity? This is an important question. How many of you are used to mediocrity? I ask this question because a lot of us have normalized being average. Or worse, we have normalized being below average.

Now I want you guys to be totally honest with yourselves. Because in order for you to get to manifest an outcome, to actually design the life that you want, it really begins with being honest with yourself. Not the cynical answer.

Not the cynical, cynical shit. The less cynical you are, the better you will be with designing your future. Because some of us have normalized being cynical as well.

Right? Some of us have. How many of you know someone who are very cynical but they don't know it? How many? Right? You see this? Praveen? Sunita? Right? Who you mean? Yeah, good. You have people like that in your life? Who is that? Your husband? Alright.

Cynical. They know everything. And yet they don't know everything about it.

Or they have normalized. They give you all these excuses for why they are not succeeding. Right? Why they don't... Oh, you know, I don't need to be rich.

I don't like money. This sort of thing. That's all stupid answers.

Right? So, I tell you this because it actually started when I was 15 years old. I think some of you know my story. But I want to say that again.

When I was 15, I visited a fortune teller in Sungai Wang. Sungai Wang is a... At that time, when I was 15, the type of mall that everyone hangs out. Right? That's where the cinemas are.

The food are. And all the kids at that time in our school days. We like after school.

We're going to hang out there. We're going to watch a movie. You know, stuff like that.

So, there's this fortune teller on the 4th floor. Right? In fact, there are a few of them there. I visited this one guy.

This old guy who does... Now, I know it's called Ba Ze. Back then, I didn't know what he was doing. But he was calculating my destiny.

And then he was just saying to me, You know, young man, based on your destiny, your life, you will be poor until 45. Exact words. Poor until 45.

And I asked him what happens after 45. And he said, exact words once again. You will get used to it.

So, in their mind is, you're just poor. But you got used to being poor. So, being poor is no longer a problem.

That's their solution. Now, I didn't want to be poor. In fact, I wanted... I wanted to change the outcome.

I didn't like what he said. I mean, imagine you're 15 years old. Someone predicted your future that you'll be poor.

Now, did he read the chart wrong? No. He did not read the chart wrong. He just read it and thought that it's easier to accept the easy thing in life.

By not being rich is part of my destiny. By not getting to that point of having what I have today, to him, it's normal. Why do you want to work so hard? Because it's philosophy.

A lot of people will tell you, you don't need to work hard. Don't get overwhelmed. You must enjoy life.

You must wake up in the morning, be able to breathe. If you've normalized mediocrity, it's fine. But just don't complain that you can't afford this, cannot afford that, cannot afford healthcare.

You're being alone. You don't want to be alone. All that stuff.

The thing is, the moment we start to normalize, it's okay. It's one of the ways we can escape. But the problem is this.

What if you wanted more? What if there's more to your life than there is right now? You are not just going to be a Grab driver or Uber driver forever. What if there's more? Are you satisfied being this? Those days, people would say, if you're a taxi driver, or if you're a truck driver, is that all it is? Or at some point, maybe you're destined for more. You just got used to being average.

So the thing is, should we do something about it? Because for me, I always thought that at the time, success might take time. Because that was what I was told. How many of you, people told you this? That success takes time? Yeah, right? Success takes time, takes effort, takes a lot of hard work.

Now, that is true for a lot of people, but then there's also some people, success is way shorter right now. Right? Success took, they have shortcuts. Well, not exactly shortcuts, but there are different ways to get there, faster ways to get there, yes or no? Okay? So, I think it's a question of not getting used to your accepting being average is the first key to transformation.

Because then, being around people, you don't need money, you don't need this. While it's okay if you already got that, like you're saying, I don't need the Lamborghini, it's only after you have the Lamborghini, right? So, it's different. So, when you're in a room, and someone takes a shit, it smells really bad at first, but after a while, not that the room stops smelling bad, it's just that you got used to it, you don't think it smells bad anymore.

It's only when you leave the room, and if you ever walk past that room again, you realize how much it really stinks. Right? It's just like someone who's really stinking, who's sitting next to you, your co-worker is freaking smelly, right? After a while, you just got used to his shit. It's not that he doesn't stink, it's just you got used to it.

So, getting used to it is the cost that is affecting a lot of our life. We call this inertia. Okay? Inertia is just let's keep doing the same things we keep doing anyway, right? Because we've been doing it all these years.

So, if you're getting certain types of results right now, like lack of money, it's a big problem for a lot of people, lack of resources for good health, lack of the ability to enjoy life a bit more, right? Instead of telling yourself you don't need it, why don't we change the way that I just need a new strategy to get there. Okay? So, maybe that's the thing. Maybe all this time, all it is is because you got okay with it.

And so, we don't take action. And so, not taking action led to this type of issues. Okay? And obviously, you might not have a problem now, but the problem can come one day, isn't it? Imagine having sudden illness from a family member and you don't have the resources to help them.

That would be real suffering, not just for them, but for you. Right? Imagine not having enough resources when your aging parents actually need it or an accident happen, you actually need to do something. Okay? So, having the resources is actually important, but not doing anything, the cost of inaction now will cause an even bigger regret in future.

There's a cost to not doing something. There's a cost to not becoming better. There's a cost to not pursuing the dreams.

So, when you realize this yin and yang, this realization itself is the first key to allow you to change destiny. Okay? I don't think anyone grew up with the whole ambition is to be an Uber driver. Right? Or to be a taxi driver.

Yes? I say taxi because a lot of people don't know what a taxi is nowadays. But would that be your goal? I don't think so. Right? You're not going to be an errands boy forever.

Your goal can... If you're okay with it, you accept it. Right? So, the right action is not always about adding stuff, as you could see. It's pretty much just about realigning stuff.

So, whatever you need to succeed, you are already born with. Whatever is in your destiny chart right now, your achievement chart, let me give you this assurance that's already there. Okay? This is from my almost 30 years.

In fact, this is going to be 30 years in the practice of metaphysics. I have that realization that whatever we need to succeed is already in the chart. It's a question of shifting one thing, maybe two at most.

And when you do that, things change. Okay? Things change for the better. So, never say never, guys.

Right? Never say never. Now, cleansing is important. I know some of you didn't do it.

Right? You learn how to clear out the negative things. So, at the end of our four-part training, because I know some of you missed it, or some of you didn't do enough, I'll show you a way, moving forward, what you can do to do this cleansing. Okay? You should do cleansing a lot of times, in fact.

Some people need it a bit more. Some people need it regularly. Remember I gave you the example from our previous training? You know, remember the pee thing? I know it sounds gross.

Yeah? Jessica? Ryan Chua? Yeah? Taiwan, you're watching? Tell me one of you guys that's still listening. Are you following? I'm saying, right, remember the example of the urine on the cup? If you want to, you can't just add whiskey or add Coca-Cola or add whatever into it and say it tastes nice. It's still pee.

Right? You got to remove that and wash it nicely and, you know, sanitize the whole damn thing and then only you can use it. Some of you won't even use the same cup, right? So, that's the thing, right? Elimination of the toxics, right, that a person has in their spiritual energy, their mind, their heart is important. And that itself is an important practice.

Sometimes it could be the main cause for not manifesting the things that you want. But having said that, having said that, you also cannot over-detox. Having said that, you cannot over-detox.

Yeah, overdoing it. I've seen people, right, in our training, not in my training, but some of our courses, when they come, I look at them and they go for one pilgrimage after another because they're going for their spiritual detox and every year they go for three or five types of purification thing. I mean, you can't over-detox yourself just like anything in life, right? So, overdoing anything is not good, right? Overthinking is not good, over-eating is not good, right? Over-exercising is also not good and the same thing, over-detoxing, over-purifying is also no good.

Now, just so you guys know, this part of your learning is very important. Why is it that you couldn't manifest what you want to manifest, right? Part of it is because you have too much shit that you didn't detox or you're overdoing it. So, how do we know? Well, generally, there are three groups of people.

The first group is the low-energy people. Low-energy means no courage, they're easily overcome by fear and too easily distracted. Okay? Lack of courage, right? Everything they want but scared to do, scared to do this, scared to do that.

Now, it's not hugely painful to have no courage. It's just very frustrating to have lack of courage. Okay? You know, it requires courage to stand in front of other people to present, to ask for what you deserve, right, to give value, to make a transformation, and to overcome problems.

It takes courage. A lot of people don't do that not because they don't know what to do, just they don't have the courage to take that step. Okay? And so, they're easily distracted by a lot of smaller things.

So, this level of alignment needs to be understood because, you see, we can have blockage in terms of our manifesting or backfire in our manifesting not for all areas of life, right? You got to investigate. Maybe just some area, like it might be easier for some people to manifest their careers, right? Every year, they go from one level to the next level. Certain things are super easy for them but certain things are very hard for them.

It can be possible. Certain things are easier for some people, right? Like you're manifesting for some people in their career, they just, you know, every year they get better and better, right? But when it comes to their own personal life, relationship, impossible to get someone to connect with them. So, certain things, how many of you agree with this? Tell me here.

Certain things are easier for you and certain things are harder, right? Yeah? How many of you feel the same? Some things you can manifest, some things cannot, right? Okay? And some things backfire. The more you want it, the worse it becomes. Right? It backfires.

That's why I say you have to investigate and fix that first before you actually start doing manifesting. Okay? The keyword here is patience because some people are not patient enough to go through this process. Okay? So, I call this level of alignment.

They are low level energy on certain areas will help you manifest the wrong thing. Certain levels of high energy manifest the right thing. Okay? And the second part is the self-imposed beliefs.

A lot of people have self-imposed beliefs subconsciously. I call this the invisible chains that are holding you down. All of us have it.

It's a question of whether or not we could actually see that type of invisible chains. Some chains are easier to see. Some is harder.

Like the one I just said, right? Some people absolutely believe that hard work is the only way to success. That they got to work hard. Right? Hard work is the only way.

Okay? Because it was told like this and, you know, you are brought up like that, that that's how you make an honest living and therefore must be hard. If it's not hard, you won't get there and because you didn't work hard so you don't deserve the success, you are manifesting the actual state that you're in because you didn't give that hard work. Okay? So, in some ways, every cell in your body don't believe that it can happen.

Okay? It doesn't believe it can happen. And this part here is not so easy to change because the word invisible chains, right? Chains, not changes. Invisible chains is invisible for certain reasons.

Manifesting windfall gains is, in fact, hard for some people, hard for a lot of people, especially for myself. Now, because all my whole life I grew up, people always told me there is no easy money. Never.

Okay? So that is a big chain in my mind. No matter how, what do you call this, logical my mindset is to break it, but I know it's tied very deeply into my, how do you call that, subconscious. Yet there are some people who just keep winning.

They keep winning, they keep, they don't have a problem. Right? I'm not talking about big, big numbers, but even small, small ones, right? Small bingos and small little windfall stuff, they keep winning, right? They win a prize, they win this, they win a car. I got students coming to me because they don't have this chain.

Because maybe someone in their family seems to be able to do that, so for them, they don't have this invisible chain. Right? So invisible chains, it's called invisible for a big reason. Okay? So, everyone has this.

Right? For some people, that chain is not on windfall gains, it's on relationships. It's just for them, it's, they can't break it. Okay? So to, to eliminate this, it takes time.

I mean, I'm saying it takes time, but it takes the right match. That one match, that change, and it'll be gone. So, and we keep doing this for our whole life because there's so many of these chains tied to different things.

Right? Some people will never, never, never accept that they're, they will deserve the right partner and somehow the chain is always there. Right? Now, there's another name for these guys. The name is called karmic bonds.

The spiritual guys call this karmic bonds. For us, we call it the invisible chains. The same thing.

Now, there's another group of people who are clueless, don't know what to do. How many of you agree that the new strawberry generation, a lot of them are like that, right? Don't know what to do. Even they did the wrong thing, they don't know they did the wrong thing.

It's like, what's going on? Right? They don't know what to do. You hate hiring these people, right? Oh, what to do? They're full of these people. Well, having said that, there are a lot of 20 year olds that are absolutely clueless, but then there are also a bunch, for me at least, that are pretty smart.

Okay? So it's a question of hiring or attracting the right ones. It cannot be out of 20, all of them are dumb, right? Some of them are pretty good. So, while clueless, but if you understand what actions to take, your life can still change.

Yes or no? Okay? So, that's kind of learning how to use the daily doors, I'll show you that today, the daily doors that can allow you to understand what actions to take. Okay? Now, so, but the first thing we want to do here is to check if any of your manifest things are backfiring, because it's important. Sometimes, you know, when I say backfiring, it's these guys.

There's two parts to manifesting, right? Sometimes, not getting something is a good thing. We call that Divine Blessing. So today is about spiritual alignment with the Divine.

So you keep, you want to get something but you keep not being able to get it, because on a Divine level, spiritual level, it's protecting you. So you don't get it. But then, the other half the time, you're not getting because you're actually dumb.

You're doing stupid things. So you want to make sure that it's not because you're doing the wrong shit, that they're backfiring yourself. So, the key is, you need patience to find out.

Because for the answers, for the universe to come to you, it takes a bit of time for you to find out the truth. So if you're not patient, you probably won't understand this. Okay? So, Qi Men, there are many different techniques of Qi Men.

One day, when you reach to the part where we're going to talk about forecasting, you'll absolutely love it because forecasting is the majority, the main power of Qi Men is to forecast outcomes. Right? But, in a nutshell, Qi Men is the way of the strategists. The whole system itself is a playbook of the sages and is the hidden science of really winning without fighting.

And I can tell you that there are five stages, kind of like stages, in mastering Qi Men. So, look at these steps here. These steps.

Now, inner core is basically what is inside you. First of all, you must come to terms with the fact that whatever you need to succeed to get the outcome that you want in life, it's already inside somewhere. Okay? All you need to do is align to it.

As they say in the spiritual remember that you actually have that ability. Okay? All of us. Right? You already can speak, you can think, you can imagine.

That's already your inner core. It's a question that you don't know how to use that yet. Right? Okay.

The second part is activating your spiritual power. We've done a little bit of this in our part one. If you don't activate it, you don't get it started, having the inner core, it's as good as not doing anything.

What's the point of having that powerful ability if you're not going to activate it and use it. Right? So activating that spiritual power is in fact extremely important for every one of us. Right? The ability to have foresight.

Right? Some people call that business acumen. We all can agree here whether we like him or not. Elon Musk has very good business acumen.

I mean for some people even to run a billion dollar empire is already very taxing. And he runs six of this at the time of us doing this training right now. Right? He runs six billion multi-billion dollar companies.

I mean talk about being overwhelmed. Right? So yeah. You guys still following me? Type of one.

Type of one. Brandon. Michelle.

Michelle Chiu. Yeah. Vanessa Ong.

Yes. Okay. Thanks for joining me.

Good. I like it today because I can see some of your names easier. Don't forget to type in the telegram as well.

We're always there. So activating your spiritual power. Then then and only then we can do reality bending.

And reality bending is a term popularized by Steve Jobs. Steve Jobs he is spiritual in many different ways. Right? And spiritual is basically the ability to take from invisible to make it visible.

Take all your ideas and turn it into reality. Therefore bending reality. Bending reality is the game of being spiritual.

Spiritual is not you going to the temple and making offerings. Right? Offerings offering puja offering puja offering puja whatever you're doing. Right? What you want to do is you become the transformation.

You bend the reality to your favor. That to me is spiritual. You offering flowers and offering whatever or doing whatever I mean do it if you like it but you're still not bending reality yet.

To bend reality you have to live the life of a reality bender. Okay? So you have to think like one feel like one be one. And then finally you want to master the game.

Master the battles in your life. And there are many battles. Career is a battle.

You got to accept that. It's there are some challenges. Right? Relationships not that you want to kill each other but you know you got to know how to navigate this carefully.

Alright? Personal life social life right? Politics especially right? Almost everything that you want to do even trying to get to a higher spiritual dimension there's still navigation involved. You got to master the game. Right? So learning how to I call this the sage's command being able to give the right instructions to you is the name of the game.

Okay? So let me tell you personally how it works for me. So I run many many businesses today. Every year we do better there's a goal we have our meetings we have our monthly meetings weekly meetings town hall meetings and there's always these goals to achieve.

I don't see it as being pressuring for myself as a business business' owner but to get to an outcome I have to give instructions. Yes or no? Right? So how do I lead a company if I have never been working for an entrepreneur before? I've never worked for an entrepreneur before. Never worked for a business owner before.

So I have to teach this guy right here how to run a business. I have to teach this guy right here how to stand on stage and talk. I have to teach this guy right here how to stand on stage and be entertaining.

Right? Because in my personal real character I don't talk much. You know? I'm more of an introvert. How many of you are an introvert as well? Just so I know I have some introvert friends here.

Introvert? How many introvert type you are? You don't believe I'm an introvert? RT. Sanjin you don't believe as well? Oh funny. But it's true.

I am truly an introvert. I feel awkward when there's a bunch of people especially with a lot of strangers or first time meeting someone I don't know what to talk to them about. Unless they start to talk to me first.

Okay? I'm the one that sits in a corner and just sip my drinks. Okay? And I hate being in those environments. That's why I like drinking right? I prefer to have a few glasses then I'm a bit more confident to start mingling.

You don't know that right? That's a secret to overcome this. But true. So I have to teach this introvert how to stand on stage to talk.

It's not easy because this introvert right here is pretty stubborn. Okay? So I have to give me the command that what I need to do. You don't know this standing behind the stage when there are a few thousand people out there.

You don't think that in my own mind I've asked myself what the fuck am I doing right? Is this me? And have you 14,000 people out there? Do I even know what I'm doing? How many times that has gone inside my mind? Many times. And yes even until today I still feel that before going on stage. So at the end of the day it's what you got to use what you have you give the command to you and you go step into that zone and do the thing.

And people will say you know are you the entrepreneur or are you the artist right? The one who knows the art. I mean I'm in metaphysics. Metaphysics is my art right? But are you the ability to run a company? You need to operate the company.

Am I an operator? Not really. I'm just someone who's good at my art right? Even art I have to teach myself to learn. Operating the business is not easy right? That was super difficult.

Being an artist is not easy. Operating it is not easy. Being an entrepreneur even is so super hard and finally there's also being an investor right? Do I know how to invest? I have to teach this guy how to invest right? So here's the thing.

Now you may ask me this right? So which one is suitable in my chart right? My chart I'm only good at just being the person who knows the skill. The other three I taught this guy how to do the other three. So here's what I'm saying.

It's just different hats that you wear. Different hats. When I'm in running my companies I put on the business owner hat and as a business owner I think different, I put operators hat and I go down to let's say some of you already have this right? How do you go through each point what do you go through inside what do you do production wise stuff.

I go into that and as an artist who talk about and speak and train people I have to come out with the ideas and do the research and understand the subject so I do that. So I'm all for when I'm investing I put on the investors hat right? So there are different roles you play so you give different instructions and you master different game that's all the same dude who's doing it okay? So here's what I'm trying to say to you. You see the spectrum at the bottom? The spectrum.

Everyone wants something whatever you want in life. Whatever you want in life comes from whatever you've got in the first place. Your inner core, your activating of your superpower okay? I'm the same guy who's there on stage to speak but first I must know how to speak.

So I must activate the ability of speaking. Now if I activate it does it mean today I activate suddenly I can start talking to people? No. Activate requires using right? You gotta use it over time becomes better and better and better right? So that part, this whole process I call this getting whatever you want from whatever you've got.

This is the whole process it's achievement manifesting. Now some of you are asking me is there a deeper dive is there a training program that comes after this four part training? The short answer is yes. Yes because there is a deep dive into this actual training like for example cleansing alone and purifying alone it's a full lessons.

I call it the ritual but people always think ritual is spiritual um ah um ah stuff. Ritual is just basically frameworks that you do day in day out. Like your morning ritual right? First thing you do in the morning what do you do right? How do you prepare for the day? Or your sleeping ritual how do you prepare before you go to sleep? That is also called ritual.

Ritual is not every day um ah that's our ritual. There is a cleansing or purifying type of achievement ritual where you use certain charts and if you do it on a consistent basis you can detox yourself. So this is part of doing this okay? So the short answer is yes there is a framework for everything that we want okay? I say short answer is because not everyone is qualified to do treatment manifesting because for a lot of people it actually if they don't know how to do this properly some people are cynical right? They don't think it's for them in the first place so spending too much time is just going to be backfiring and they get very frustrated so it's not for every single type of people to do manifesting.

For some people they are better off just going to get an MPA and better off just working their way up because their invisible chains are so strong that it's just impossible to break. So if it's impossible to break don't bother because you get frustrated. For some people it's not this powerful but for some people who align spiritually then this is actually very good for them okay? But you know what let's just go through this 4 part training first and at the end I'll tell you something yeah.

What's the name of the program? Yeah okay I'll tell you more when the time comes okay right now let's go through this entire training first. So we talked about low energy right? Low energy levels. What are low energy levels? Let's focus on this first part There are 3 parts here right that we want to cover in our training today.

We call this divine alignment. So it's low energy level, no courage, easily overcome by fear and totally distracted all the time okay? So in short it's all about your Qi level and this is the main thing about manifesting in Qi Men manifesting. Qi is the foundation of all manifesting okay? Qi is the life force energy that flows through all living things.

In the Taoist principles in TCM traditional Chinese medicine Qi is what sustains vitality life force harmony energy to live your soul is the Qi okay? Manifesting or manifestation ability is not just about thought alone. The thought about you know happy thoughts and all that that it's perhaps a very superficial level of manifesting it's about the Qi energetic broadcast that you send to the universe is your Qi with the universe Qi and your Qi determines whether the broadcast is strong weak clear or simply distorted. So we call this high energy high Qi level or low Qi states.

When your energy level is high Qi vibrational energy is high that means your vital energy life force energy is abundant it's radiant it is magnetic your thoughts intentions and emotions generally will align easily with the divine universal flow easily because your vibrational energy your Qi western people virgin likes to call it vibrational energy right Chinese version just one word Qi okay manifesting anything will arrive with usually just a bit more tweaking it's like that moving of that match right with the fire right a bit more clarity speed synchronicity all blend in one so some people like to do meditation in the mountains some people like to do pujas some people like to do breath work right whatever it is right some people do Tai Chi Qi practitioners do the 7 star walk okay 7 star walk 7 star is using physical body to align with Qi your spiritual Qi okay 7 star walk is one of them if yeah when I get the chance I will talk a little bit more about that as we go along I am trying to introduce the concepts in a way that is easy for beginners we will get to that now low Qi states low low Qi state is when your energy is depleted usually due to overthinking due to anxiety stress trauma or basically unresolved emotions unresolved emotions is one of them so when you have low Qi you are sensitive to all kinds of influence some may be still inspiring but usually mostly confusing draining and basically you are seeking to fill up some gaps you know a lot of people keep browsing for inspiration everyday they browse TikTok or Instagram they flip they are browsing for what motivational quotes and when they see a motivational quote they share with all their friends toxically positive how many of you experience toxically positive friends in your life toxic positive that means there is a connotation of negativity behind their positivity we call that assholes right so if you are in a toxic positivity your manifesting is usually inconsistent because instead of directing Qi you generally receive only random impressions or random stuff and these are the same people that hear voices in their heads or they have eerie encounters all the time there are scattered signals you know people who generally say this and they are angry every time they are told this place is haunted I sense the dark energy listen you are the only one who does that and you are trying to convince everyone else to feel the same the problem is you you are a low energy level a high energy level that's why they say in Chinese when you are high energy you got three fires one fire on the forehead one fire on the left shoulder one fire on the right shoulder no evil can touch you because your energy vibration is high right so any evil come near you touch you they will just be burnt that's a high level chief level 7 and above ok so the problem is when you are low level these three powerful fire will be extinguished or non existent gloominess you don't know it so you keep feeling for real of course for real it's real for you you know people do black magic on me they throw a dead bird in my house there's a dead bird appearing in front of my house somebody my neighbor is doing black magic on me people who say that I kid you not and they are very angry and I say nah you know don't overthink what do you mean overthink you don't do all these spiritual stuff I feel it I feel it of course you feel it you're low chi I'm trying to help you if you increase your chi to a higher level you ignite the three fires left and right shoulder no dead bird will scare you anyone who try to cause harm to you will be deflected and burn in hell so you want to put yourself with this powerful force feel this is the manifesting ability to purify and ignite your fire ok how many of you know someone who need this desperately type of one right they keep thinking their colleague you see right Shreya Andrea yeah you see your friends like that how many of you have this type of me your colleagues like that that's a problem right as I said before sometimes once in a while we get people like that like the one we just fired crazy right I mean sad for her that in her energy level is so low she come to a place and any voice is evil is haunted right the fastest way because we are running a business we got no time to save your life right so best you save yourself you got to find a way to cure yourself by lighting up your protection ok so if someone going through grief or sickness sometimes they may hear things unintentionally that's low energy as well ok that's very low level energy as well so you see you can reach to the divine by increasing your energy or you can see spirits if you are reducing your energy ok now I'm not saying spirits are non-existent they are there ok some are good some may not be so good if it's a relative most likely it's good ok at least it's alright but what if it's not relative ok and here's the thing about you guys oh you know my uncle came back to me my uncle died a few years ago and he told me to buy this stock listen don't listen to that bullshit alright the first question I ask them is was your uncle a stock market genius before he died no then what makes you think after he died suddenly he become so smart he's still the same loser that he died before ok so if someone comes in your dreams and is a dead relative trying to give you stock tips don't listen ok so yeah that is a different kind of energy that is a lot of our dreams just so you know guys write this down a lot of our dreams in fact 90% of them are manifestation of our deep desires ok or our fears 90% of them they are and our job as Chairman Practitioners is to differentiate the two ok a lot of our dreams are manifesting of our desires or fears that's the thing ok 10% of them are real stuff so we need to know the signal of this energy strong Qi strong clear reception is the channel that you want low Qi is static random stations bleeding in not good ok and to manifest something effectively your Qi level must be at full bar it's kind of like your phone right you have the full bar to receive the best fastest messages so how do we make sure that our level of Qi is aligned to getting whatever that we want well there's no formula to calculate at this point the best way is to actually feel it so I want you to have a look at this remember now this guys don't freak out right now but we have sent this out before you have some practice sheet here ok we've sent this out before I want you to look at the practice sheet so if you don't have it please go and find it it's not the end of the world those who are here please help those who miss out that's what you can do to help my team be helpful and tell them hey it's actually a telegram scroll up to here or get this file where ok we have a practice couple of days now some are already worried this is how the mind of shitty people do oh you don't give me up to November what am I going to do you write yourself ok it's called work so you can actually do the same you can write this thing down on a piece of paper and start filling up on your own this is a bit of manual work don't complain so much ok so now fill this up I call this the treatment check in you want to go there and you want to see which ones are you feeling happy inspired sad or frustrated you can't take all of it truly ask yourself this ok so filling this up to the best of your ability you will realise that you are on a higher end of the spectrum or lower end of the spectrum ok so if you are on a higher end of the I know there is no exact number for us here but it kind of let you know whether or not that you are energetically on a level where you could manifest this is the treatment check in that I want you guys to go through every single day now that's why I said you can actually do this yourself right you can just ask yourself this question how am I feeling today ok now let's look at this alignment here the stronger you are with the alignment the better you would be in terms of aligning your power to use the manifesting framework ok we've talked about the manifesting framework many times but you can't manifest anything until you are aligned energetically remember I said earlier on if you have a block energy you should go through a cleansing again and again ok for some people they just don't feel aligned there are always something to complain about and the worst is you don't realise that I don't like this the aircon it's too cold some you guys not criticising but you can see I cannot hear I cannot hear this frustrating I cannot hear why you don't tell me this why you not tell me this . . . . . . . . . . . . . . They don't look at the good, they just keep seeing the bad. And the bad keeps appearing for them. Everyone else is not a problem, except for them.

So you need to arrest this problem right now. If you're experiencing this, stay calm, take a step back and say, okay, my energy level is low. I need to switch gears.

How many of you agree with what I say, Type 1? You see some people with your life and also some right here that have that issue. The bad shit just keeps happening to them and nobody else, right? Let me tell you now, you are the magnet for that energy. Okay? So, is there a lot of complaints in your life, right? There's a lot of things you dislike.

Even disliking is not so good. I'm not saying you like everything, but why is there so many things you don't like? You know the more you dislike, the more you manifest the dislike? That's the energy field, okay? The more you dislike, the more you manifest what you dislike. Okay.

So, let's go through a few things here in order to kind of reassess whether you are on a high level energy or low level energy. Okay? It's kind of like a simple process that you want to go through and it's a series of asking yourself some questions. Okay? We started off in part one about you gaining clarity and making sure that you have the correct vision.

It's kind of like your north star, right? Now, if you will flip to this page that you see on your manifesting framework. Let's just put a manifesting framework again. You see this? This is a manifesting framework.

So, it always begins with intent. That's part one. Intent implies that you got to have certain level of clarity before we can begin.

This is the most important part. In fact, the entire assignment is for you to get to this part here. You need to know exactly what do you want specifically and not vaguely.

Okay? So, in a simple sense, this sentence right here. What do I really, really, really want? What do I really want? Okay? How can the universe help me? So, what does the universe need to provide? And I think this is the part where a lot of people miss out. So, when you are asking for help, do you know what help do you actually need? Right? Do you need the universe to provide what to you? Make something go away, make more of what? Right? Bring what to you? That you couldn't do yourself.

Write that down. That you couldn't do yourself that you want the universe to help. If you could do yourself, you should go and do it.

You say, yeah, I could, but I wouldn't. Why? Because you don't have the what? Energy? Courage? What is that? So, you want the universe to help you with courage. I want to help you with what's the thing? Okay? Because, guys, listen to me.

There is a Chiman Deity in charge of that. There is probably a Chiman Door that you could use. There's probably a Chiman Nine Star that you could incorporate.

The thing here is you got to be clear on what is it that you really want and what is it that you need the universe to do that you couldn't do yourself. Now, this part here. You did this exercise before, but I want you to do it again.

Why are these goals worth it for you? Because if it's not worth it for you, you would not proceed or pursue this and you would give up halfway. Okay? We give up halfway most of our goals because we don't see that it's worth our time. Going to the gym, for example, to get fit.

Any other thing can take over that process of going to the gym when it's more important than you getting a fit body. This is no longer worth it for you. So unless it's worth something and you realize what it's worth for you, then and only then you can manifest it.

Okay? So why are my goals really worth it for you? Why is it worth your time? Okay? And I need you to really sit with your back towards your destiny, Chiman Destiny direction when you're writing every time doing this. If you cannot do this, meaning you didn't do the exercise properly, I can promise you 50% to 60% of the time your manifesting won't work, even if you get the timing right. Okay? Because you don't know why is it worth it for you.

Okay? Think about it first. And if you have the next couple of days that you want something, you can plan ahead. What do you want? Right? And also who and what's really at stake.

When I see here it says COI. What is COI? The cause of inaction. Meaning, what is the actual pain that this will cause you when you don't have this goal manifested? A lot of people can't get this clear.

They just say, yeah, then I probably won't get it. No, no, no, no. Will someone die? Will someone lose a certain ability to have something? Will you fall sick and then therefore have problems, you know, being together with your family, serving them, be together with someone? What is it? Will you lose money? Now, how much is the monetary cost? Imagine there's one here.

You may think, nah, there's no monetary cost. I don't do anything. It doesn't cost me anything.

It does. It costs you your dreams. And when you could put a monetary terms to your dreams, then you know your dreams are worth it.

A dream is only a dream when you know it doesn't cost you anything or you feel it doesn't cost you anything. If I don't have it, it doesn't have it. No, it's okay.

But if you put something like if I don't have it, then my potential of earning the first million or the first ten million disappears and every year I don't get the million, is every million lost, then you know that every year the cost is a million bucks by not achieving this. Now, that gives you the yin to the yang push that you need to manifest the outcome. That is why you must write this down.

Okay? So that part needs to be clear. Then you want to anchor this with the energy. You want to fuel this with energy.

You want to identify the emotions that best represent what is that intent that you just talked about. Was it the freedom? The joy? The security? The love? Right? The power that you get from doing this? What is it? Right? And then you want to generate it in your body. Now through gratitude, maybe sometimes through powerful music, maybe through movement, or maybe from a part of your memory.

Now this part here is important. You should write this down because I'm about to show you that one of the achievement deities or doors or stars may be able to help you achieve and turn this into reality. But first you must recognize the emotion that it actually generates.

So you want to recognize it. What is that? And you want to spark this up a little bit. How does it feel? When you say, How does it make you feel when you actually do have that level of wealth? And you want to let that emotion become the description of the outcome that you're trying to manifest.

So that becomes the chi vibrational energy that you're broadcasting. Guys, I'm trying to explain to you exactly how you could do this because many of you are worried that you use the wrong words in the command. It's the wrong feeling you're using in the command.

And you use words to guide the feeling. That's about it. So the emotional state, that energy level is what becomes the broadcast energy that you're sending out.

That's why it's so important to have this document right here. And why is it that some people whom you think are nasty people can still manifest? Because nasty or not nasty is our opinion, right? I mean, if you think about it, right? And I'm not agreeing with any of these characters that I'm saying, right? Elon Musk or Hitler or Trump, they have extreme characteristics. However, putting their actions aside or intentions aside, they have extremely clear, although sometimes might be destructive visions, but it's extremely clear in their minds.

They didn't waver in their intentions. They didn't have lack of clarity which gave them that manifesting power. Okay, now you may say, but that's not fair.

I've been a nice person for so long. That's the problem. Not problem being nice.

The problem is you think nice person cannot manifest or nice person finish last, right? So you don't have to be nasty like these characters or ruthless like these characters to manifest. You just need to be convicted to the outcome. There's some form of conviction to it that drives this energy up and then when you're using the deities, it 10X the outcome.

That's how Qi Men does it for you, okay? So the intensity, the power of that intensity, the emotional Qi energy, sometimes it's kind of like anger or fear or pride. It can generate huge amounts of energy. So if you know how to turn that around, because anger, fear, pride is all just death door and fear door and harm door in Qi Men Dun Jia.

You know Qi Men has this harm door, fear door, right? It's all those doors and if you could use those, you can turn anger, fear, pride into powerful amounts of Qi to make that wish come true, that desire come true. So when you direct this toward a goal, the energy, the Qi feels the manifesting. Just as for some people, it's always joy, it's love, it is that loving feeling, but not everyone uses Sixth Harmony, okay? Some people are white tiger, right? You got to be that ruthless, that powerful energy.

It's kind of like, I mean how many of you are fans of Andrew Tate, right? I mean you just look at the way he talks, his style is very destructive or direct or powerful or yang side of things, right? He works for some. Some people, if you have black tortoise, surging snake, you have hulk, especially hulk, right? Or you have white tiger, you kind of go to that sort of path, right? That powerful macho path. But if you are the other one, I'm dying heavens, I'm chief, it's love, it's joy, it's peace, unite, harmonize, okay? So it's quite different approach, but they are all emotional energy, okay? So, and there are different types, that's why I want to show you here, this section here under alignment, right? You have heaven, earth, man and universe, right? There's four realms.

Spirit realm, universe realm, basically talks about one of the deities. Heaven realm, which governs the mind level, it represents one of the stars in Shiman. And then the earth represents one of the doors and the man represents one of the stems.

Now, for some of you, don't rush. Some of you are like, I don't know what this means, I don't know what that means. I saw in the text, even the previous training, some of you are like so frustrated because you're beginners.

I understand you're beginners. And then you don't know this, you don't know that. I know you don't know.

Relax, chill. You can just keep listening. Along the way, as my father always say, you fill up the blanks, okay? Don't get frustrated, just relax, okay? There's some of you, especially Betty, all right? Just chill, okay? Chill, all right? I know you don't know what the nine stars are probably.

I know you don't know what the eight doors in complete yet. Some of you are even like, I don't know where to get the chart. Relax.

The rest of you try and help out each other, point them where to find the direction. If not, listen like a sponge. When you imagine yourself like a sponge, whatever I say, you absorb first.

Later on, you can dissect it slowly, okay? So what I'm saying is, there are four realms in every Qimen chart. There's your personal chart and then there's the day chart. What you see here is called the day chart, guys.

Every day, there's a day chart. And this day Qimen chart will overlap your original natal chart. When they overlap, it gives you, it opens up portals.

That's what we discussed in part one, right? Opens up portals of energy. And in that portal of energy, we call that alignment, right? When you align that with your goals, with the intensity and the conviction, that's when your manifesting comes through, okay? That's what we're trying to achieve, right? And in the upcoming sessions, you will learn, at least to have a little bit more faith in what you do, right? You got to embody some form of energy stream, of expectations, that what you're going to manifest is going to come. Because when there's too much doubts in between and you're very cynical and you keep saying, I don't know this, I don't know that.

Only if I know this, only if I this, only if... You're giving yourself too many excuses. A lot of people don't know a lot of stuff but they still succeed, yes or no? Type a one if you agree. Type a one if you agree, yes? A lot of people don't know a lot of stuff but they can still get there, yes? Okay, so here's the thing, guys.

Listen, I'm about to say something profound. I always tell people when I say something profound or about to say something profound because something profound is usually very simple. Here's the thing.

Sometimes just knowing the one or two steps is all you need to make things work. So you don't need to know every single detail. Just know enough to get by and know what you need to do, what's important, okay? So here's the key.

If you have doubts, you need to gently replace them with new truths. When you have doubts, so when you see that certain things you are doubtful, you know when you're doubtful, you feel that it might not work. That's a doubt.

Or you don't know enough, therefore it cannot work. That's also a doubt. What you need to change is you need to place yourself in the future self to walk, talk, and make decisions from that place when you already have the thing that you want, okay? So I will show you how this is done, slowly, okay? Now, this part on part three, which is about commands, which is the upcoming lesson, we'll go deep dive onto the commands.

What we are building up here is going to lead you to being able to make the right command. A command in qi men is kind of like giving an instruction to your divine energy. Now, you may say, but it's divine.

I can't give an instruction. They are divine. I'm just mere human.

No, no, no. Whatever is inside you, you are part of the divine. An instruction is not insulting, okay? It's not blasphemous, right? It's not that.

When you don't give an instruction on what you want the energy to do, it will do whatever you feel like. And sometimes the energy that you're feeling is not very good. That's why it's manifesting the negative outcome.

So command directs your energy, focus, and intensity to getting an outcome that you want. And in fact, it's way easier to use your God-given gifts to get what you want, okay? So we're going to get that process done in a very, very structured format. Then after that, you will learn how to, we say, conquer, means your physical realm.

So this is the part where you're going to select the right timing and then take on certain activities. It's like, you know, when you say go, your body mustn't say no, okay? If your body is your biggest enemy, imagine, right, you want to do the work, but your body doesn't feel like doing the work. I mean, you're pretty much fucked, isn't it, like that? You want to do this, but your body feels sad today, and therefore it needs to take a break.

Or you feel not ready to go to work. You feel this, you feel that. Your body doesn't respond to you, so it drinks water and grows fat, right? So that part you need to conquer.

When you say conquer, you're conquering the self. When you say go, your body shouldn't say no. You should say when, let's do it, right? So when you feel like doing something or you want to do something, your body go, okay, let's go and conquer, let's go do this.

That's why we have certain activities that are aligned with energy. And once it's aligned with energy, it's way easier for you to amplify the outcome and create the outcome that you need, okay? So these are steps, right? And the last part is when we say validate. Validate basically means you want to allow for grace to happen.

You've got to allow for the miracle to take place, right? A lot of people are blocking it. How do you block it? You block it by predetermining how the miracle must appear to you in order to be classified as a miracle. Like for example, I ask you, how does a divine look like? Straight away you think, halo, wings, like a dove, dove wings, that's called angel.

Who the fuck tell you angel must look like this? Right? Oh, look, cockroach cannot look like cockroach. Definitely not a cockroach because cockroach is bad. That's a preconceived idea, okay? Now I'm not saying that it's good or bad.

I'm just saying not everything with feathers is going to be angelic to you. That's your idea of how grace should appear. Okay? If you remove that, you will allow more possibilities and miracles to happen because you don't define how it's presented.

How many resonate with what I just said? Tell me. Yeah? Okay? Okay, you get the idea, right? Okay, that's the process of the first part to get from low energy, remember the three types of things we want to achieve, low Qi to higher Qi. Now, speaking of high level energy, how many of you stay in hotels before and some of the hotels are a little bit eerie? Tell me here.

Yeah? Are you okay in all of those hotels? Have you been to one eerie one? Tell me your story. Right? Brian Ong? Jeremy? What's your story? Okay. Your experience before? Yeah? Tyler Ramirez? Okay.

So, you know I travel a lot and I've stayed in so many different types of hotels. Obviously, not all hotels are like that but some hotels can give you that sort of feeling. Okay? Sometimes, you need to energize your energy up.

Okay? In Qimen, there is a saying, this is a very powerful sentence in Qimen Dunjia. Gap means in emergency. Follow the deities.

Man means things that take time. Use the door. Okay.

What does that mean? In Qimen, especially spiritual Qimen, this is a secret power statement that tells you when you meet emergency, you want to connect with the deities to protect or help you overcome this sort of situation. So, if you guys want to learn something about going to haunted rooms, yeah? Because there are many strange things that happen. I was one time in Singapore.

Some of you are from Singapore, right? This is one of the hotels and this is in Raffles, alright? That's one of the hotels. Not Raffles Hotel but the one next to it, before they changed the name, there's an east, there's a north wing and a south wing and this was the old north wing at the time before renovation. So, I was there.

At the time, it was like 2007, 2006. So, I was waiting for one of the students to come and take me for dinner. I was there at five something in the afternoon.

So, this was the time the rooms, I remember the taps, you have to open the taps like that. Okay. So, it's not nowadays, you just do like, you open the tap like this or you turn it off like that or some of them even have, you know, that sort of handles.

So, I remember I was sitting there watching television at the time, just chill and then the tap was on. Tap was on. Okay, I go back to the room.

Very strange. This water coming out, right? So, I turn it to close it and I go back out, watch TV again. Somehow, maybe about 10 minutes later, I hear the water again.

Right. The fuck is this? Is this crazy? So, I went back inside, like, okay, I definitely know something is wrong here. Okay.

Because I know the energy, they probably want you to know that, you know, they are there. Okay, now, what do I do? Okay, listen. For me, my teacher used to tell me this.

Right, those days when I learned qi men. He said, if you ever enter a haunted place or haunted room, do not leave. I know.

I know it sounds scary for some people. Because if you leave, your energy is even lower, they can attach themselves to you and now you are pretty much screwed. Okay.

You command whatever is there to not disturb you or if anything, this space is a human space, not a demon type of space and they are not supposed to interfere with you. I know it's scary. So, I went, I was there, like, here's what I know.

Backing the chief. Polarize your energy field. Command for whatever energy is not to disturb you because this space is your space.

You can share the space but you are not going to disturb me and I don't want to hear anything. I don't need to keep the lights on or whatever, just do not disturb me. Okay.

Backing the chief is very powerful in this. You want to be able to do that. Alright, so you find the hour chief.

Back the chief. Now, if, I learned this along the way that it becomes even more powerful if you could use fire element because chief inherently is an earth element. Fire relates to nine heavens and the chief at the same time.

So, you could activate both nine heavens and chief and call upon, polarize your own energy level or somehow anoint the space with powerful force field energy and the lower frequency energies cannot enter that space. So, you sleep very soundly, undisturbed. So, the way to do that is back to the chief, the hourly chief or back to nine heavens but chief is usually more powerful and if you could use fire, great.

I say that because not all hotels allow you to light up a candle or put an insect. Alright. If you could light a small, any type of aroma therapy, incense on it because you need fire element to help you because you're very low energy sometimes you're scared, right? So, it's very hard for you to use imagination.

So, you, therefore having a physical thing is easier for you to concentrate your energy. You don't need that if you are, you know, steady and you can just tune in. You don't need anything.

You are the most powerful being. You don't need to light up stuff but it's easier for those who are very, very low in energy to have an assistance from a candle for example and or some incense. Any type of incense.

Sandalwood or anything that smells nice. It doesn't matter. It's just a matter of having that fire element.

Because incense light up fire, right? Now, the only problem is you don't have problem with the ghost but you got problem with the hotel people that's worse, right? So, either one, you have, do it without the fire or you do with the, you know, in your mind you can light up a candle. That's the same thing, okay? It's all for the purpose of what? Concentration. Okay? Incense is a form of helping you concentrate and use fire element.

It's not the incense, you know, like some people, oh my God, I'm going to light up this huge-ass candle every Chinese New Year, the biggest one with the dragon so that the gods up there will be happy with me. It's just the same candle, yeah? You got very powerful candle so no need to light it because your mind is the key. Okay? But if it helps you, then why not, right? Okay.

So that's about it. Okay? Right. How many of you need all this? I mean, this is a breakout topic though, protection and energy and all that.

Interesting? How to do the protection? Okay. Because it's not part of what I prepared but if you like something like that, let's see how it goes. Maybe you just, can you guys put up an email here or a contact so they can just tell us if you're interested then maybe I branch out or get someone to talk a little bit more about how you can set up energy force fields for this.

Okay? Alright. Cool. You just put right now, yeah.

Okay, it's not, I have no promises here but it might be a good side topic, yes? Alright, nice. Okay. Just so you know, the upcoming training that I'm working on actually have an extensive lesson on creating protective force fields.

It all stems from people who want to, who travel a lot and stay in maybe not so positive energy areas, they need to form a protection that is a whole area. You don't cleanse the area, okay? You're not an exorcist, yeah? You don't go there, oh my god, I'm going to cleanse. No, you just protect yourself.

Give your own self the energy and more importantly, protect your loved ones. Because some, your kids might be traveling and they don't know how to do it themselves. So you send energy over there, protect them.

Would you like to learn this? Now, this will be something if you're interested in learning, send us the details to this email address. This contact, just let us know first, register your interest. When I have this training ready, I'll let you guys know.

Okay? Alright, let's continue our journey. Alright, so we talked about breaking the invisible chains. This is the part two of this.

So, what's causing you not to achieve your manifesting besides low energy is that you have a lot of invisible chains. As I said earlier on, everyone's invisible chains are different and there's always some chains. It's a question whether you acknowledge them or not.

Okay? Some chains, even if you don't break it, it's fine unless you're trying to achieve one specific goal and there is this chain that stops you. Okay? Some people have that. Hopefully, it's not a big deal but if it is, for example, your whole life, you cannot get the perfect partner because your idea of a perfect partner is this and that it becomes a chain that holds you back, then it will be a problem.

Right? For the longest time, I always think that career must come first before personal relationship. This is my true belief. Okay? So, I only got into serious relationship after 35 because to me, I think I need to establish the career first.

This is very important and I cannot be disrupted. Then, you know, I don't agree with everything that Charlie Kirk says but one thing that he says that you can have everything starting young. A relationship is great for you if you build it up and it could be a great feel and I see it could be true.

Right? So, some of us have a certain idea. We didn't realize that it was a chain, an invisible chain and then certain things until you break the chain, your manifesting cannot come through. Okay? Now, hopefully, you don't have the same chain that is stopping you from your wealth, stopping you from the career, or the life that you want or constantly, this verse gives you that illness.

Okay? A lot of this illness, not all, but a lot of them, you may say, yeah, but I didn't want to manifest this poor health but indirectly, there is this chain that chains you to that poor health and for the longest time, you will always have this sort of nagging problems, these issues, it keeps coming back to you because in your anxiety or your stress or your worries have manifested itself into reality and that itself is what I'm talking about, the invisible chain. How many of you resonate with this idea? Now, to illustrate the whole idea about invisible chains, let me tell you a very interesting story. How many of you love stories? Stories are the best way to learn something, right? So, once upon a time, in the ancient desert, there was this merchant who was riding his camel and along the way, he also pulled along three other camels, okay? So, he's riding one and he's pulling the other three and so, they approach an oasis, right? So, in the oasis, you know, there's water, there's all the other merchants he can stop by and stock up, buy his food and all that, okay? So, he went there, all right, the camels are drinking water now and he's looking around for the trees, right? He wants to tie the camels to the trees because he needs to go down and buy stuff, right? But then he realized that, damn it, he doesn't have enough ropes to tie all four camels.

He can tie three of them but one of them like, oh shit, what are you going to do with the other one, right? So, he's thinking, what should I do? I can't ride this camel, I can't let it go away, what should I do, what should I do, what should I do? Okay? Then, along, just at the corner on top of a rock, there was this wise-looking old man smiling at him. So, he looked at the old man and he said, old man, you look very wise, you know, what should I do? I've got not enough ropes to tie all four camels. And the old man said, ah, it's very, very easy.

Just tie the other three to each tree and make sure that you invisibly tie the rope to the fourth camel and make sure that the camels can see each other being tied up. I said, um, invisible rope? You sure? He said, ah, don't worry, just do as I say. I'm the wise old man, remember? I said, okay, I'll listen to you.

So, he tied the first tree and made sure the fourth one saw that and he invisibly tied the rope around the fourth camel to a tree. So then, he looked at the camel one more time, he was just standing there. He went to the town and did his thing.

A couple of hours later, he came back. Oh my God, all four camels are still there. Wow, this is amazing.

Okay, so he went there, put his stuff on all the camels and he untied the three camels and then he started to travel once again. He said, okay, we're off. But, only the three camels were moving and the fourth one is still standing next to the tree.

I'm like, oh my God, what's happening here? And he kept like, hey, camel, start to pull the camel, camel not moving. He's very frustrated, this damn camel is not moving at all, what should I do? Then, he said, hey, old man is still on top of that rock. He said, hey, old man, I did what you said was amazing, the camel really stayed there, but here's the problem, see this guy here, he's still standing here, he's not moving, what should I do? And the old man said, hey, did you untie the rope? Then, the guy said, what do you mean untie the rope? It's an invisible rope, I just, you know what I did, right, you told me to do that.

Then, the wise man said, you know and I know, but the camel doesn't know. So, what you need to do is now untie the rope. So, the guy said, okay.

So, he went there and did that thing again, even though there's no rope and lo and behold, the camel started to move once again. So, apparently, this entire process here is exactly how we as human beings behave as well. We are not like the wise old man, we are not like the guy as well, we are just like the camels.

A lot of us have this invisible chain or invisible rope that is tied to a tree or tied to something. It's called attachments. And, unbeknownst to us, we are also the same person that can actually untie ourselves.

And, with the chains all invisibly tied, a lot of things we don't allow ourselves to do. We don't think we can stand on stage to talk, we don't think we can influence other people, we don't think we could lead, we don't think we could make more than a five or six figure salary, we don't think we could do that. It never occurred to us that we can because we have this invisible rope.

So, what we are going to do before we can manifest is we need to cut those invisible ropes. Now, let me explain the technical aspect in Chiman Dunja for you. So, you see, in Chiman, we always plot the current Chiman hour charts and we always use the current Chiman day chart or hour chart to do our manifesting.

We never go look at the past charts or even the future charts to manifest anything. Now, you may say, yeah, but I need the future chart to plan ahead. No, no, no, no, no.

Here's why. Whatever it is in the past, the past cannot exist. It only exists intellectually.

Think about it. There is a past in concept but there's no past in reality. If there was, you could actually go back right now.

We understand that, right? The past does not exist physically. It exists only as a perception in your mind. If we allow that past to control us, we're going to have a lot of issues and problems.

When the past is controlling us, that's the invisible chain. That's the invisible rope around the camel. Now, then, some of us are thinking about the future, right? I need the future chart to plan.

I need the future chart to do this, to do that, to do all these good things. Listen, the future hasn't unfolded yet. We've got to wait until the now becomes the future, alright? So, the future is also just a concept.

It's just an idea. It is not reality. You cannot actually be in the future.

You can only be in the now. So, that's why in Qi Men manifesting, we always look at the day chart, which is the now, or the hour chart, if you want to be specific. It's always this, now.

In Qi Men explanation is like that. The past is called early heaven. The future is called the later heaven.

Early heaven, later heaven. So, when we look at, we'll be seeing our past that define us. We always think our past define who we are.

Our past is not a good past or a bad past, whatever it is, therefore it makes us who we are because parents separated at a young age, therefore my marriage is like that, or because of this, because of that, I see whatever, right? The past. So, and we also say that whatever I do today will influence the future, right? If I do something today, and whatever I do today will impact the future, if we follow this rule, there is very little increment we can change within the future, and we always allow whatever happens to define us, but here is what you need to do. The reason why we are using the achievement charts, the now charts, is because we want to redefine the past.

Do we see the past as a trauma, or do we see that anger and frustration as energy that actually rewrites our current, our present times? So, this is how the arrow should work. We should be redefining the tragic past, and define it in a positive term, because when you write the past, or redefine the events, and we see that in a different perspective, your entire present life also transforms. Hence, this is always the present chart that we are using.

Now, here's the thing. Watch this. You see the future? We must look at the future with desire, and how in the future, the future self that we try to manifest, using the present, so the future must define the present.

So, this is, you see where you're jumping from a 5-figure income to a 6-figure to 7-figure income. What would be a 7-figure income person need right now, instead of saying what you need to do incrementally to get to that 6 or 7 figures, to that higher income. You see my point? So, when you manifest the future, you are looking at the future self, and bringing forth to the present.

That's what we're trying to do with Qiman. That's why the current Qiman chart is so important to break that invisible chain, because otherwise the invisible chain is going to be the past defying the present, and the present defying the future. This way is what 95% of people think it is, but now the Qiman way is the future defines the present, and the present rewrites the past.

That's the correct way to use Qiman. So this way, you can 10x your future. Now, how do we do this? How do we utilize this? So here's the technique.

You guys ready? To redefine the past, inside your Qiman destiny chart, inside your Qiman destiny chart, there is a sector called the karmic palace. Can you see it? There's a sector called the karmic palace. Where is your karmic palace? Find that.

Like in this case here, the karmic palace is in the northeast. Okay? The karmic palace is in the northeast. So, find out where that is, and in order to let the future self define your present, you use your Qiman destiny palace.

Okay? You back your Qiman destiny palace. So there are two palaces. One is your Qiman destiny palace, using the future self to define the present, and you want to redefine the past, you look for your karmic palace.

Okay? Look for these two directions first. Can you see it? Alright, what to do come later, guys. Do you find it first or not? Where is it? Everyone write your destiny palace, the direction, as well as the karmic palace.

Where is it? Write it down. Type it in the chat right now. Yes? Type it in the chat.

Okay, so we're going to do some activities here to redefine that. Okay? So, while you're backing the Qiman destiny palace direction, where all your intent and imagination and all that about the future self, what's the manifesting is about looking at the future outcome and bringing into the present action. I repeat, manifesting is about the future self's outcome and bringing all those activities into the present.

That means you're actually performing the activity now to live that future life, that 10x life. So, find out where the Qiman destiny direction is because backing this direction and doing your manifesting is how you redefine from the future. Okay? You're not redefining the future.

You're defining from the future. Okay? Now, sit backing the karmic palace. Alright? I'm saying this very slowly.

Some people are blocking the information on your own. Listen carefully and just relax. Learning also must have an art, you know, allowing the information going.

Instead of, why, why, why, I don't know, I don't know. Slow down, breathe and just listen. Backing the Qiman karmic destiny direction to redefine the past.

Do not look at the past as bad things happening. We're going to redefine it as few and good things in the world. that actually allow you to now do so many things and see the world differently.

For some, it's a bit harder because the karmic palace has a lot of negative energies but either way, at some point, you need to cleanse this out. Remember the whole idea is to remove the blockages. Okay? Remove the blockages.

So, redefining the Qiman karmic destiny how to do it shortly. I'm just telling you where to find it first. You got the idea? Backing the destiny is for one, to let the future 10X what is the life you want to live, what actions, right? And backing the karmic palace is to rewrite the past.

Rewrite how you feel about the past. Now, your Qiman destiny chart, there is a confusion between these two things. Let me put it up here, guys.

Qiman destiny, this is your natal chart, and put up here, is daily Qiman. Qiman destiny chart, this is what you're born with, doesn't change. This one changes every day.

This is called the daily chart. The daily chart is here, okay? This is the Qiman daily chart, the 365 daily planners, every single day there is a Qiman chart. Now, this is not the only place you can get a Qiman chart.

There are other sources as well that has the daily Qiman, the Qiman daily tongshu, for example, the desktop tongshu, that's the daily chart as well, the white professional master's tongshu also has it. So it depends on which copy you have, but I prefer this one because it has all the daily guide for your Qiman manifesting. Okay, so it has that in for all, now you may say, can I get a different third party source? The answer is yes and no.

Yes, there are third party sources, that's not Jovi Up related, but only get those that have the seven star path and the 28 constellations. If it doesn't have the 28 constellations and the seven star path, you are missing out on the true power of manifesting. So you got to have those calendars.

So if you find one, great, if not, then these are the sources for it. Okay, alright, cool. So, now what do you do with it? Every day there is energy that will arrive on your Shiman Destiny Palace and also your Karmic Palace, depending on which one you want to use it for.

So, to break the invisible chains, generally you want to look for two things. You want to look for when the White Tiger or the Hulk of the Day Chart entering your Karmic Palace, because right now we want to break the invisible chains. To break the chains that are holding you back, you want to look at the Karmic Palace first.

It's important, okay, where your Karmic Palace is and look at the Day Charts. Right, look at the Day Charts, at some point the White Tiger or the Hulk will enter, overlap, meaning overlap your Karmic Palace. That is the day you can give a command to break that old chain and install a new form of energy.

A new set of better perceptions, okay. So once you do that, the old whatever memory or trauma will have lesser, lesser, lesser, lesser, lesser, lesser grip on you. Now again, I don't know how strong is that chain.

Some chains are stronger, it takes a longer time to cut. You think one cut is one time cut, then no more problem, right? Again, that's just your perception. For some, it might take a little bit more longer than usual because it's so deeply ingrained and tight.

Cutting once, you cannot finish the cut, so it takes a few times. For easy ones, it can break easily, the harder one takes time, especially the generational one. What's the generational one? You guys following me so far? Daniel Wong, Kevin, Michelle, Ethan, Grace, you guys good? Tell me one you guys are following.

Enjoying so far? We're taking quite slow for beginners. Generational chain breaker. So, the generational one takes time.

What I'm saying is this, you think about all the most successful families today, in your town, your region, do you see some very successful people? If you just look far enough, far back enough, one generation, two generations ago, maybe three, their family was once poor. Great 90 plus percentage of them are. You minus three generations ago, they were once poor.

Some maybe four, the luckier ones, right? But usually, you trace far enough, their family was once poor. What happened in that generation, who made a what decision that broke that chain of poverty? This is the key. Because one person in that generation decided to cut the cords, that one person decided that enough is enough, that I'm going to be the one, I am going to be that one person that will change things for the entire generation moving forward.

Now, before you assume that that chosen one is chosen by destiny, it is not. That is not assigned by God or the heavens to you. That is a choice.

To be the generational chain breaker, to change the things for your entire generation so that from then onwards, the whole generation will live better, is a choice. You have to step up to it. That's why I call this person the generational chain breaker.

It might take some time because your whole family might have grown up in a very disadvantaged environment, everyone wasn't doing well, they're very poor, right, and so everyone thinks it's normal to be poor, until one person decides no, I'm going to change this for the entire generation. That is a decision. So to cut that mental chain, backing your karmic palace, and visually designing to see the chain broken and that you're going to do things going to different from now on is the key.

So the way to do that is find your karmic palace, when the tiger or the hook arrives at the palace on that day, some of you advanced can use the hour, that is the day, you replace the chain with a better memory or give it a better meaning, that's the key, give it a better meaning, a more powerful meaning. When the bad things happen for you to be able to do what, that's usually the key. Those bad things that happen enable you to do this, the enabling part, telling a better story, that is one way to replace the new bond, with a new identity.

White, tiger and hook is the key, remember that. I don't have time to deep dive into the processes of doing this, in general you have to find a way to cut the cord, you can visually design that but if you don't tell the story correctly, you end up with the same thing, the chain will heal itself. Once you do it correctly, you find it hard to go back to your old self.

When I was a kid, all I wanted to do was do better, I didn't know how to enjoy a good life until one day I was upgraded to sit in a business class. This was my early 20s. Once you go to business class, you don't want to go back to the economy class, it feels really bad.

I'm just telling my personal story. In my 20s, I made it a point that I'm going to put myself higher, I needed to level up. Once I leveled up, it was hard for me to get back down.

One day I got promoted to first class. Sometimes they push you up and I had the experience of my life. That was my early 30s.

Then I couldn't look back and said this is the life that I want. That broke the image of needing to wait until I can qualify for this and then have it. Once I decided to have it, you may start saying yes because you have money.

My first class is free. You can manifest that too. How do you do it? That's another story.

I didn't manifest free but in the course of doing business, a lot of the credit card points is for flight. If you're running a business and doing it well, a lot of this will turn out to be free flights. Even buying a car for a huge discount, how do you manifest that? The price is fixed.

You don't know. When you pay for it on a card, you get 30 days to pay it back. You get the same amount of points from Malaysia to London three times free.

There's a lot of things. You may say, this is about manipulating the points. It's still manifesting.

I know how to do it, you don't know how to do it. Once the chain breaks, you have a new life. Cool.

Now, I will have more time when we have a deep dive training. Let's go on to the next one. People who are clueless and don't know what to do.

Do we have people who don't know what to do? The answer is yes. Taking the right action. To do this, we look at the four realms.

We have the universe realm, the heaven realm, the earth realm, the man realm. The earth realm is about actions. The earth realm is about the doors.

In the Cheeman charts, there are four components. I will explain this for those who don't know. Again, I saw some of you guys are like, can we teach faster and cover more things.

If you are an advanced student, I've already said, I'm going to prepare a different set for advanced students. Just so we can cater for different people. I'm going to go slow and take my time to explain something.

For those of you who are impatient, you just manifested your exit here. Listen, can I go at the pace I feel is good for the majority. There are some people who are very impatient but that means you are an advanced user.

Bring out the link again. Go to the advanced page. You will This is a free training.

I want to help as many beginners as possible. Type a one if you agree. If anyone wants me to do faster, you know where to send them.

Heaven Earth man universe. In a cheeman chart, let me repeat for the beginners, there is the natal chart. This is from your date and time of birth.

That's the one that looks like this. This is called your natal chart. This doesn't change anymore. 

It's the one that you're born with and it's the one that has all the different palaces as you can see. Destiny Palace, Karmic Palace, Career Palace and so forth. Then there is the Dynamic Charts. 

The Dynamic Charts is the progressive ones, progressive charts and they are what we use in this four-part training is the Day Charts. You recognise them as the purple colour charts like this and also possibly the Hour Charts. The Hour Charts is more for forecasting which is a different topic but we can also use that for forecasting and manifesting. 

So these two are called Dynamic Charts. So what happens is we take the natal and we take the dynamic and then put the dynamic overlapping onto the static which is the natal to find out when the portals of energies open up for us. Qimen is a matter of mystical portals, Qimen energies, time activated and of course directions. 

Now inside the components of a charts, now I just take the Day Charts for example, this is the Day Charts. Every single day on the top right corner these are called the Deities, the Deity Realm or also known as the Universe Realm. So these items here, they govern the miracles. 

We call it San Poon. San Poon means the Deities Plate. Then right in the top middle here, this is called the Nine Stars, they are called Stars.

Doors. This is the door. See here? The central bottom. 

These are all the eight doors. Every day is a different position. So these govern actions. 

This is what we are going to look at. These eight doors. And finally, you have the people realm. 

These are all the people about results. It's about matter, subjects, things. We're going to talk about that in a different time, okay? So this ring here, where you say earth ring, right? The earth plate, which is all the eight doors. 

We superimpose the eight doors over our natal charts. Now, we don't have to superimpose everything. We just have to look at what goes into certain sectors like our destiny palace, and or maybe our karmic palace, and or certain other palaces like wealth and career, when we want to use the information. 

Got it now? I hope that's clearer now, okay? All right. So the day charts, again, the day charts are here. I will send some to you for practice. 

Some you can obtain from the tongshu. Some you can obtain from the daily desktop calendar. Or my recommendation, the achievement manifesting planner. 

We're going to talk about where to get this at the end of our training, okay? This has all the day charts and exactly as the documents that you've been getting. Or you can do your own, okay? Whichever. Some people want to save money, but they have a shit loads of time. 

Please do it on your own. It's still possible. It just takes a long time, okay? But you can get the shortcuts either way, okay? So now, what happens is you're going to look at this page here, okay? This page here is the example page of the current date, okay? This is the current date and time. 

So currently, this is the day chart that we're in. See the day chart? And it has all the currently. So depending on which of these doors that you will be using, now there are eight doors.

I'm going to highlight all the eight doors. These are eight doors. Every day, these eight doors will be in a different position. 

And they obviously will be with different deities, different stars, and different stems at the same time. That gives it its different flavor. But these eight doors would be overlapping one of your palaces. 

So it could be a destiny palace, it could be your relationship, wellness palace, or family, whatever, right? So this part where it says alignment, in your notes here, in your document, you're going to write down which door is the focus door for this particular manifesting, or this particular action. Which door, okay? Now for those of you who don't know which one to write, just choose the one that is inside your destiny palace. Which is your destiny palace, by the way? Is it in the east? Is it in the west? What's the original destiny palace? Then you look here, for example, in this example, the rest door, for example, this is just a random example, the rest door is in the east, and so if your destiny palace is in the east, then you write the alignment rest door, okay? And then all the attributes related to the rest door. 

So because the doors represent activities, then it brings forth, it suggests to you what type of activity you can pursue that gets the best result for this day. Now, I will go through the eight doors to give you some keywords. Again, this is not the extensive training. 

There will be an opportunity for you to pursue the extensive training, specifically for manifesting, that I will deep dive into the applications of these eight doors, but for now, I will give you enough information for you to apply, okay? Because you're going to get started anyway, okay? So I'm going to do all this introduction all for free anyway, give you an idea. Now, open door, let's talk about the first one, open door. Open door is great for rebirth, growth, opportunities, and new beginnings. 

So we always take action and actions related to opportunities, new beginning, right? Starting fresh, resetting, always with open door. Anytime you want to overcome challenges, we use open door. That's what we're going to do. 

Anytime you want to increase an opportunity for something, we use open door, but we can't use this if we don't have a plan. This can only 10x something when you're actually having an actual plan. So that's why people manifest the wrong thing because you use open door when they actually don't have, we haven't done enough cleansing yet. 

They haven't removed the previous problem, so you 10x the old problem. So open door is not for everybody, okay? It's not for everybody. So it's not, you don't want your achievement to backfire. 

Study the doors carefully first. Rest door is great for, as the name implies, resting, rejuvenation, enabling help because resting means easy. Easy means someone is helping you. 

Someone is giving you a shortcut. That's what rest door is. It's great for healing as well, okay? So whenever you're doing healing, you're going to use this door. 

That activity shows this. So you know what to do. Live door is great for profits. 

It's great for developing something. It's great for advancement. It's great for the increment. 

It's something related to betterment of something. You want to better something, improve lives, for example, lifestyle or profit, gain something, make money from something. Life door, okay? A business activity is life door. 

A life door, it's not so great when you don't have a strategy. Then using life door means more work. And more work without getting a result equals frustration. 

So it's not always good. It depends on the first part where your intent is correct. So if you need more training on intent, let my team know. 

They put you on the list where when we have more training on this, we'll let you know, okay? Guys, is it possible you just put down a scroll at the bottom to show them where to contact? I think it's actually easier because I see some here, they say we flash the details too fast. Or it means it's somewhere where you put it up. Because I can't see the screen. 

It's actually green screen here. So I'm only looking at what I see here, okay? All right guys, just so you know. So right now, I'm introducing you guys to how you can do it yourself. 

And for some of you, you might want to deep dive, right? For some of you, you want to go deeper because you've been doing this for some time. You want more results. Basically, you want to be able to succeed. 

Let the team know. They'll put you on the list. And when we're ready, we'll let you know, okay? We don't have it yet. 

We will have it eventually. So let them know, okay? So again, before you have the preconceived idea that everything is going to cost a lot and all that, I just want to, it's not because it's my program or anything, it is any program in this world. Anything you want to study in this world, if whatever you're studying is going to 10x or even 1x or 2x, whatever you're trying to achieve, you always look at it as an investment, okay? Now, I'm not saying that because it's my program.

I'm saying this for anything you want to learn in life. How many of you agree with me type of one? Okay? Raising the funds to get somewhere, anywhere, not my education, okay? Any education out there. You've got to see that as something that allows you to get the key to open up doors of opportunities.

Because if you don't go through this step, you don't feed yourself, there is no way you can get to the next level in your life, even to be a better parent, right? You say, my kids don't listen to me. Maybe you're not that good as a parent, right? Or my husband listens to me. Maybe you're not that good as a convincing wife, right? Oh, but he's supposed to listen to me. 

There's no such thing as supposed to, right? You've got to be either influential or not. So, a lot of things can be learned. The thing is, think of this as a way to get there, okay? So, it's not just on my course, yeah? I'm not saying it because I'm doing something like that. 

I'm saying this for everything. You have to have set aside that, okay, you want to improve yourself, you're going to manifest the funds or find a way to add value to get it so you get to the next level, and you keep doing it every single year. And every single year, you become a better human being to society, to your family, to your friends, for your career. 

You become a good addition to this world, not just you exist and then drain resources, right? You don't want to be that person that, ah, you know, whether that this is around or not doesn't really make a difference. In fact, it shouldn't be around because it's supposed to be even annoying, right? Don't do that, right? Okay. So, put your names down in case you guys would like, when it's ready, I'll let you know. 

And then the scenery dorm. Scenery dorm, it's basically to enhance. Think of it as an enhancement dorm, okay? To scenery equals beautifying. 

To beautify something. Beautifying a room, beautifying a house, beautifying your career, your reputation. How do you beautify your career? Your reputation, your status, or status if you call it, right? Improves, your credibility improves, your recognition improves, that enhances the appearance of your position and power.

So, it's good for that. So, having achievements is one thing, but having achievements that people know about, that's where you build credibility and trust, okay? You say, yeah, but I don't need people to know. Listen, don't be a cynic, all right? There are times when you actually need people to know about it. 

Like getting clients, for example. You're good, but nobody knows. You're not going to get the client, and the whole idea is to get the client in the first place, to be able to serve more, and you couldn't because your ego is in the way, then you might need scenery dorm for this, right? No, but I'm low profile, I'm a humble person, okay? Listen, you can be humble at certain times, but certain times you can be, you know, you don't have to shout out your credentials, but you want people to know in a good way, okay? With integrity. 

So, it promotes success, it speeds things up, write this down, okay? That action speeds things up. So, if you see the scenery dorm, your action is, all right, let's promote, let's do things faster, and be open for success. Now, delusion dorm. 

Delusion dorm, in terms of activities, it means I close the door, and behind the scenes I'm preparing, okay? So, while there's one interpretation, it means blockages, but blockages only applies to forecasting, it does not apply to manifesting, and manifesting means I don't want distractions. I'm cutting out distractions, I want to block interference, I want to block harm. This is the door of protection, by the way, when you're doing manifesting for protection, and manifesting an aura or shield, we use door of delusion, okay? There's a structure for this in the deep dive manifesting training.

Delusion is the key. So, it blocks you away from harm, it puts you in a safe space, sacred spaces are created by door of delusion. First of all, you can't really find sacred spaces, right? Because it's door of delusion. 

It's kind of like you're in a different dimension, all right? That's why it's so important. Next is door of harm. Now, door of harm, there's difference between this and forecasting. 

Forecasting is pain and all that, obstacles and shit, okay? But in manifesting, it's not, okay? Manifesting using harm door generally relates to the ability to conquer pain. So, pain is inevitable, it's just like stress, okay? Everything that you want, there's a challenge to get, there's resistance. The harm door is called resistance. 

To get to your six packs, there is a huge load of harm door there, resistance, okay? To get to the next level, manager, general manager, there's also resistance, right? To get to good health, there's also resistance. The day you decide that I will conquer this pain is the day you use harm door. Harm door is the pain of discipline, better than pain of regret, right? So, harm door is basically the ability to go for training, it's a door of training. 

So, when you see harm door, the activity means I train, I practice, right? I do. I take effort in repeating something so I become great at it. So, here's my suggestion like that, you know, the price to pay for success in most things is the price to be willing to be embarrassed at first. 

A lot of people don't even pay the price to be embarrassed, right? They're so scared. Public speaking is one. In order to be great at public speaking, first you need to pay the price of feeling embarrassed, right? Just stand on the stage and make a fool out of yourself, especially the first 10 times maybe, and at some point you realize, okay, I've conquered this pain, I now know how to do it well. 

The pain of paying the price for first being embarrassed, harm door. Harm door is overcoming pain. That's why harm door is also the door of surgery. 

You think you go for that surgery, it's painless, there's going to be some pain, but after that what do you get? You get cured, okay? So, harm door is that. It tackles obstacles and hardships head-on, okay? That's what it is. Now, in advanced level Qimen, under strategic execution, harm door is to inflict revenge on your enemies because pain can go both ways. 

But again, we're not going to talk about that now. You're not going to learn Qimen to harm others, okay? I'm not teaching that stuff. So, I'm talking about handling your own pain, yes.

Now, what is fear door? Fear door, it sounds fearful, right? Okay. So, fear door represents the internal battle. While harm door is the external pain, fear door is the internal drama, okay? The internal drama. 

So, when you're tackling anxiety, when you're tackling doubt, when you're tackling worries, all this is the internal thing that you need to overcome. Temptations, for example. Internal drama, emotional roller coaster, it's all fear door.

So, the idea of fear door is to be used to handle the internal drama, harm door, external physical discipline. Two different things, okay? So, when you see fear door, what is the best to handle? Fear is imagination that has gone wild. That's the fear. 

So, you're tackling inwards. Harm door is go through the surgery, go through the discipline, do the things that other people are not willing to do physically to get the outcome. Fear door is handle internal drama. 

You have to face the inner demons, okay? The doubts, the stress, all right? Various frustrations, that's fear door need to handle that, okay? Now, lastly is death door. So, what is death door? Death means end of the road. It means that it is time to let go. 

It's the best door to use when you need to let go and end something. Some things you need to end in order to start something new, okay? Some things you need to say, you know what, I need to detach from this in order to get to the next level. That is the death door, okay? Great to give up something to move on to the next. 

Detachment is door of death, okay? So, it's not death death per se. Now, you know, okay? So, what happens is now you want to see in your document which door has entered your destiny sector. So, you can use that or specifically this is a little bit more advanced. 

If you're talking about wealth related or career related, you can check out which door entered your career palace. If it is death door entered your career palace like this, I'm giving some advance here. See career palace in the east, career palace, right? NATO chart. 

Look at the day chart. East has death door, all right? So, on the section where you look at the part where you see alignment under the earth section, right? Death door. Action, let go or end something, okay? So, it means today what you want to manifest has to be related to letting go of something in order to succeed in your career, okay? Some things you have to let go in order to get better things to come. 

That will be part of the command which we'll talk more about in part three. Got it? Okay. Now, I'm pretty sure by now you want to learn more about the eight doors, yes or no? There is a book called The Doors. 

This book here contains all the information that is related to a door in Chimendunja. All the information that you need for every single door, okay? This book retails for $147. It is a specifically written book, very limited copies that we have, but here's the thing. 

I'm going to encourage you to do your homework so that we select three winners. I will give this book to you. How many of you would like to win this copy? Win a copy, okay? Listen, I shouldn't have to be bribing you to do your homework, all right? But I'm doing it anyway. 

This is an encouragement. So, we're going to select three winners from you, from those who've done the homework well. There's an instruction for you to do the homework, and I'll teach you what to do, how to do it well. 

So, you do the homework, and then you're going to submit it to the Facebook group, okay? You're going to Facebook group, and then we're going to check it from there. We select the best winners, all right? So, this book is really good. It has all the eight doors information inside, and along with what we discussed in part one, that was the deities, this will be the other copy, all right? So, you have the deities. 

Now, I know we haven't announced it yet. We're still looking through. Some of you haven't submitted your homework, right? So, it's still a chance. 

Once we announce, then it'll be the winners, right? So, this is the eight doors book. Okay. So, now, this homework is super important because it paves the way. 

It helps you learn more about achievement, and it prepares you for the next lesson, which is part three, about writing a perfect command. So, today was aligning with that spiritual energy and also take action. Let's recap the three steps, remember? The three things. 

If you have low energy, low qi, you're going to manifest shit. Remember being in a room where someone shit, and then you smell it, but over time, you just accepted that that is the normal smell? You don't want to be like that. Don't have mediocre, low energy shit, right? So, that's why you think it's normal to be sick. 

It's not normal to be sick. It's normal to be healthy. You have to change the energy. 

It's not normal to be poor either, all right? So, once you rewire that, things will change, okay? And remember we said earlier that change is just like repositioning one match. That's all you need to really do, right? So, the second part is that the chain, remember that the invisible strings or ropes or chains that's tying you back. Remember, you don't want to be the camel that has an invisible rope that you want to cut it, right? And to do that, we use the white tiger energy or the hook energy to change it, to cut it visually, and also to replace with a positive anchoring. 

And then we talked about the third thing, which is the door that is inside that palace of destiny or the calming palace and or any of the palaces. Basically, what actions you need to take, okay? And the actions are described by the actions that related to one of the eight doors of that day, all right? So, we know now the three techniques, right? To align spiritually to the divine energies so that now our energies are right, we can then manifest the positive outcome. To do that, we're going to pave the way now for part three, which is we need to initiate the perfect command to our guardian of destiny and also the energy of the eight doors and all that.

How do we do that? Well, there's an exercise for you. You do this exercise, get ready because when the time comes on part three, I'm going to go through this exercise with you and then write the perfect command, okay? So, here you have a section on the invisible chains, right? What are my current inner beliefs that could be holding me back? And you're going to be super honest by filling up. What are the three things, okay? For some people is, I think I'm not good enough, right? I think getting married early is not good for marriage, right? All this stuff, whatever it is that you have believed and that one thing has stopped you from getting to where you want to be, okay? And the next section here is where the deities, the energies, your spiritual allies, what energies, what new ideas that you should put in to replace this old one. 

In other words, what new beliefs, superpowers, or resources that you can use. So, get the inspiration from the deities, right? Are you using the chief? Are you using nine heavens, right? So, once you replace this, like for example, here is I have everything that I need to succeed. For example, I have the advantage of experience and resilience because I've been through this shit. 

Basically, you're trying to rewrite the past, remember? What is the new thing you want to replace with the old one? And then, you want to write down here, the real goal. TRG thing means the real goal. So, the real goal is this. 

The first section, the reason why it's got these three arrows here is to go to deep levels of thinking. Now, follow this through. First, do the exercises, right? And you understand what I mean when we are doing the perfect command. 

So, the first section, let's just say, this is an example of someone right here, I want to be given more opportunities to lead projects in my work. Fine, everyone understands that, right? So, a lot of people think like that. But what's the deeper level of this? Why do you do this? Well, the deeper level is because I want to make more money.

Because that's why you need the opportunities to lead projects because ultimately you'll make more money. Cool, all right? But even that is not the real goal. Let's go one level deeper. 

One reason why you want to make money is because you want to take care of my children's education, right? Take care of children's education. Cool. Now, let's go even deeper. 

This will relate to the TRC. The TRC is the real cost because you're going to flip it around and say, all right, if you don't make the money, that means your children is not going to have a good life due to bad education or lack of a good education, therefore suffer mediocrity. Okay? So, you look at the cost. 

When you not achieve this, what is it? But even this is not detailed enough. Let's go deeper. Go deeper, right? So, what is the cost of your children's education again? Say, it's $65,000 a year. 

Probably, right? A good school. So, the reason why you're writing $65,000 here, I mean, you find the real numbers yourself, yeah? It's because now you know that the real goal is for this projects and money is $65,000. You need this deep level of analysis. 

Got it? Okay? So, can you see the thinking now? I'm using a very brief example here because I don't want to give it all away yet at this start, this point. I want you to go through this yourself. Okay? Do this exercise and of course, at the part where you're going to do the achievement command, you're going to write down what you think you're going to do to command the deity and through the actions of the doors and write this command to the best of your ability. 

Okay? So, if you can do this right and well, then you might stand a chance to win the book. Okay? You might stand a chance to win this. Okay? This is just an ethical bribe to encourage you to do your homework, right? The real benefit of this is obviously doing the homework allows you to learn this deep dive clarity thinking and by the time you do the perfect command, you learn something. 

Okay? So, download this document from this link that you see right here. Download this and do your homework and submit it. Easy. 

Got it? Now, just a quick reminder. The Golden Pass. Some of you, a lot of you guys have got it. 

How many of you are already in the Golden Pass type of one? Golden Pass? Cool. Okay. So, here's what you get. 

Clearly, Golden Pass extends the replays for five days. There is a dedicated Zoom Q&A just for you guys to get unstuck faster and so you will be there. All right? So, you will be part of the Golden Pass.

Got it? Okay. So, if you need the replays for five more days, please do this. If not, it's fine.

You're watching it live anyway, which is good. So, now, remember, do your homework and it will get you ready for our part three, which is most important, the actual commands. How do you write the most powerful commands and when you manifest, you follow the commands, it activates the achievement chart and then manifest delivers the outcome for you. 

That will be part three. Okay? So, you need to do your part now and then part three will be super easy. That's when you learn to issue not just one but multiple commands. 

How to write the commands every single time to get whatever you want from whatever you've got. Okay? That's what we're going to do. All right. 

Officially, yeah, all good. So, officially, this is the part where our training ends and the next part that will not be in our recordings will be the Q&As. All right? Now, there'll be two parts of Q&As here. 

I'm going to do some here with you guys. Yeah, you guys still here. Valerie, Eugene, Kelvin Tan. 

Yeah, type of one if you guys are still good, still energetic. Yeah, Jahui, Rajesh. Okay, cool, cool. 

So, I'm going to do as many as possible here and then for the unplugged session, we'll be on Telegram. Now, guys, can you just run that thing? I like the CNN, what do you call that, news roll? Yeah? So, that you could see the Telegram. So, Telegram is unplugged. 

Unplugged means it's chill. I can say whatever and I can say whatever here as well but I think it's easier if I just talk to you on the phone. But right now, I'm going to answer a few here and then I will answer the rest on Telegram.

Okay? Cool? Yeah. So, you have to join Telegram. Let me find a way. 

If you see one of those who don't, haven't already joined, find a way. Okay? Okay? So, for this part, I call it the FAQs because the questions are from you guys, all of you. Okay? The questions, similar, same, same but different as you say, right? But the answers are from real students, just like you guys who are in the past and I want to show you their answers to these common questions and I might give a few commentaries here and I believe this will be super helpful for all of you guys who are new here. 

Okay? And it really helps you learn Qimen and master the art. First question, is Qimen Dunjia too complicated for a beginner like me? So, I want you to look at, who's answer this? Nicholas Madagascar. Wow. 

This is Nicholas' answer. At first, Qimen felt a little complex, just like picking up a new skill. I remember not being sure if I was even using it the right way then with practice, start to play. 

Before long, it became second nature. It was exactly like learning to drive. Overwhelming the first day but automatic after a few weeks. 

And the results spoke louder than anything else. I went from almost zero to generating 700,000 in just one year. This is Nicholas. 

Cool. Nice. So, this is from one of our social media. 

I think it was YouTube, right? Can you access this so you can see it? Okay? So, yeah. This is from our people, our feedback from our community. The reason I put it here is so that, you know, sometimes you get inspired and that gives us the confidence and that could be the missing link why a lot of people are not manifesting because there's a fear, you know, it might work for you, it might work for me. 

When you get this inspiration, it's like lighting up a candle. You don't take away their light. Once your own candle is lighted, then it starts to work for you. 

Okay? Here's the other one. How can an ancient metaphysical system actually help me in modern business? Great question. This is from Lee Warner.

Sorry. Lee Warner. For me, Qimun has worked like a compass. 

It doesn't do the work for me but it gives me a clear sense of direction in business. There are always moments when I'm unsure if a customer request is worth pursuing or just distraction. So, using Qimun, I've been able to see more clearly with which opportunities are really just traps and which ones are worth stepping into because they open new doors that can't quite be a safety for wasting time, energy and resources. 

So, yes. It does work and this is one of many, many, many cases. Okay? Next one.

This is common for you guys. What if I make mistakes when using Qimun? Make mistakes. Everybody makes mistakes, right? But Wong Soo Jin from Malaysia, this is a great answer from Wong Soo Jin. 

I made plenty of mistakes when I first started so I know what it feels like. What I came to realise is that Qimun isn't about random guesswork. It's a framework. 

See what I've been telling you guys. The more I practice with it, the sharper my ability became to forecast what customers might need or where market opportunities could open up. The system gives you signals and with each application, I noticed my business decisions becoming clearer, faster and far more accurate. 

Now you know. Okay? So, here's the fourth one. This sounds too mystical. 

How do I know it really works? From Charlene Lau, Korean from Hong Kong. When I first encountered Qimun Dunjia, I realised it wasn't about superstition at all. It was a strategic tool.

For me, it works like a forecasting chart that helps me map out possible outcomes and spot potential pitfalls before I step into them. That way, I can make decisions with more confidence. I often describe it like a navigation system. 

It doesn't drive the car for me but it shows me the terrain ahead so I know when to speed up, slow down or take a different route. See? Cool. Now, I'm showing this to give you some encouragement and to see how this works because sometimes, it's for beginners. 

So many things, can or cannot. Listen. These are all real people.

The next one is from the answer. The question is, do I need to memorise hundreds of stars, deities and formulas? Stephanie Chan from Singapore will tell you the answer. When I first started, I was worried it would be overwhelming. 

Like I have to learn every single technical layer before I get anything out of it. But I quickly realised that wasn't the case. Even with the basics, I could already see where opportunities were opening up. 

Key word, guys. Even with the basics, I could see where the opportunities were opening up. So, you guys are learning the basics. 

So, use this and you will see it. Where potential risks might appear and what timing was more favourable for me, I felt a lot like learning to read traffic lights before driving on the highway. I didn't need to master everything at once but I could still move forward safely and make smarter choices. 

Stephanie, here's the next one. Next question. Do I need to know Chinese or metaphysics background to learn Qimen? From Erin Palmer, USA. 

Honestly, I had zero background in Chinese metaphysics when I started. I couldn't even pronounce half the terms but the way I learned it, everything was broken down into practical steps. I didn't need to memorise ancient texts. 

I just needed to understand how the system works as a decision-making tool. The deeper knowledge can come later but you can start applying right away without being a scholar. I hope this is all encouraging for you guys. 

Is it too time-consuming to learn if I already run a busy business? Chua LP from Malaysia. I was concerned I'd be too busy to use. Let alone Qimen, given my busy schedule and work nature, I thought I'd have to spend hours each day studying charts. 

The truth? I started small, just pulling a chart before making one or two key decisions. It takes a few minutes, not hours. Once you get used to it, it's actually a time saver because you stop wasting energy on the wrong opportunities. 

Okay? Cool. Next one. Do I need expensive tools, charts or software to start? Richard Wong from Singapore. 

When I begin, I just use simple charts and a few reference guides. Today, there are apps and digital tools that make it even easier. You don't need to invest in fancy equipment, just a willingness to practice and test it out.

There you go from Richard. Next one is, what if I invest time and money into learning Qimen but don't see results? Lorraine Rosario from USA. I made a deal with my sister in order to enrol in Qimen Academy. 

I had to make it work as I promised. I'll return the investment in me and I didn't want to waste time. What I found is that Qimen isn't about instant jackpots.

It's about consistent, smarter decisions. I started seeing small wins first, avoiding a bad deal here, saying yes to a better client. Over time, those small wins stacked up and that's how I ended up with massive results. 

Today, I fully repaid my sister and she's also now a student of Qimen herself. Lorraine Rosario. You see this? Okay? I want to give you guys the encouragement here, right? Can I apply Qimen Dunjia to multiple areas? Wealth, health, relationships.

TA Chin from Indonesia has the answer. I started using it mainly for business but I quickly realised it applies to almost anything. I've used it to decide on partnerships, travel and even personal choices. 

The beauty of Qimen is that it's not limited. It's a system for decision making and decisions touch every area of life. There you go. 

Okay? This is the next question. How is different from astrology, tarot or other forecasting divination systems? Mali Sombath from Thailand. I've dabbled in tarot, astrology and similar systems and the big difference between Qimen and the rest is practicality. 

Qimen doesn't give you a vague this month looks good. It shows you specific directions, actions and timings. It's less about personality traits and more about strategy. 

For me, that makes it way more actionable and the forecasting leaves little space for ambiguity and highly accurate too. There you go. Okay? These are all from real people guys. 

That's why I want you guys to look at this and get some inspiration. Alright? Next one. Does Qimen help me when I'm stuck choosing between two equally good options? Sean Sia from Malaysia. 

I studied most forms of Chinese metaphysics, feng shui, date selection just to name a few. What I found most useful about Qimen is when you have to choose between two good options. When both options look great on paper, Qimen shows me the hidden pitfalls, the option that looks shiny but has a trap versus the one that has long lasting growth. 

It's like flipping the coin and then being able to see what's on the other side before you choose. Okay? Alright? So that's some of the common questions and these are answers I believe will help inspire you to be confident about learning. The reason I'm showing you this is, remember I told you about you must first know that your effort is worth it? So this is for that reason. 

I want you to see that it's worth your time doing this. Otherwise you will give up at part three and then you don't even get to see the results. I want you to see this through, that these good results will happen for you as well. 

So stay in there, right? Hang in there, you get there. Okay? Alright, so what we're going to do now is we're going to end our session but for those of you who are still energetic and you would like to have another unplugged session with me, I will be on telegram. Just give me about 10 minutes. 

I'm going to grab a drink. The guy's going to close up here and then I'll just be on the phone and I'll be talking to you guys and answering some questions and all that. Okay, I can see the questions here. 

Put the questions in telegram so it's easier for me to see so I can answer directly from there. What do you say? Okay, on telegram, yeah? You see that thing that is moving here? That's how you join it? Okay, otherwise I shall see you for our part three which is going to be transformational. We're going to talk about the perfect command, alright? Don't miss it.
It's great for students, especially to newbies like me before. So, I did the online course, which is amazing, and you learn a lot there, and so I started the journal, and over the past few months I've been documenting and doing SageMode and learning the different deities, the different stems, the different stars in the doors, and using that. And each time you add a different layer to it, so I set goals a few months ago, and just before I came here from South Africa, I went through my journal again, and I ticked off all the goals that actually came true, and it was amazing, like, to the point.

Like, if you ask for so much money, the exact same amount comes to you, like, it's actually just so wonderful to know that you have a tool like this that can match your ambition in life. So, yeah, I have been using it. All right, keep them coming, guys.

Let's see who's here today. Type of one, if you guys are ready, Fiona, John, Maria, Jiarui, Denise, Jacob, how you guys doing? Let me see what you guys are posting on Telegram. Yeah, type of one on Telegram if you guys are ready, and type of one on the chat if you guys are ready.

Yeah, we have different chat rooms. We're just trying to compile. Guys, can you please put it up onto my screen so I can see? Yeah, so I can see what's going on.

Okay, I'll see. Yeah, good, good. Okay.

So, we have much to cover, and make sure you guys have already, if you have not already done so, watch the homework thingy that we did. Yeah, make sure you check that, because I want to, that's why we have that shorter sessions that is off the training, because I want to cover more practical aspects during our training here. And so, if you've, but I also want to make sure that you guys did the homework right, because that's super important, so that you could actually achieve something throughout this four-part training.

Right. So, now, as we are still waiting for people to come join us, yeah, this is the part three, in case you've missed, right, this is the part three of our Manifesting Framework, Achievement Manifesting Framework. And I want to pick some of the more common questions here to start the day, to warm up before we go on to the core of our training today, which is about the perfect command.

Well, you got a glimpse of it. Are you guys okay, Amelia, William? Yeah, Zhen Yang? Okay, so, the gist of it, I mean, the idea, right, we've gone through Awakening, we've gone through how to align with Divine Guidance. We have some intros into the Eight Doors, and you know about the Deities, right, which is the core connection to spiritual energies.

And so, today, we're going to focus on how do you actually structure the perfect command? So, there is a huge difference, there's a huge difference between praying and manifesting. Okay? Huge difference. And I think by today, you understand that what we're doing here is not praying, but because habitually, a lot of people end up praying as opposed to manifesting.

It's two different things. Okay? So, you don't need to pray to Qi Men. Let's just be very clear here.

You're not praying to a Qi Men deity. Please do not do that. Because the Qi Men deity is just part of your subconscious mind.

You do not pray to yourself, right? So, Qi Men is not a religion. So, you don't pray to Qi Men. You use Qi Men because it's part of your own vibrational energy.

Okay? So, you use it. To use it, you have to issue a command. That's what we're going to do today.

Right? How to get whatever you want from whatever you've got. You guys good with that? I wonder if you guys are ready. Yay.

Johnson. Aiden. Dominic.

Yeah? Okay, so, let me just go through some common questions that... This is grouped together, right? These are questions because in general, there are a lot of questions we're receiving on Telegram, on Facebook, and all over our Zoom here as well. Now, so, these are some of the common questions that we have received. We just have grouped it together.

So, make it kind of an FAQ for most of you. Okay? So, the first one, which I think a lot of you guys have asked is, Can I use the other deities who are not my own Garden of Destiny? The answer is absolutely yes, eventually. Eventually.

Okay? Because right now, as you are starting with your achievement practice, you have to first begin with your own Garden of Destiny to get reconnected. You're born with this higher level of frequency connection with your Garden of Destiny. And so, you want to reconnect it.

So, when you're asking for something, when you're commanding for the manifesting of something, don't go for the big, big things first. Because this is like a long-lost friend that you have not contacted for years. I mean, if you're 30 years old, 40 years old, you've never done any of this connection with your higher self.

And all of a sudden, the first time you appear, you're asked for a million bucks. Right? It's like you haven't rebuilt that friendship yet. The connection.

Okay? The connection hasn't been re-established. All right? So, get to know your Garden of Destiny first. Get a feel of it.

Right, guys? You understand what I'm talking about? I mean, if you resonate with me. You get connected first by asking for small things. Okay? Asking for smaller things, like something for tomorrow, or day after, a small little favor.

Right? Connect with that first. Got this? Malini? Sanjay? Yeah? Tell me one of you guys are understanding me right now. Okay? You're hearing me, what I'm saying? Get used to them.

And as you practice Qimen, over time, you will be using, there will be arrivals of different deities, Qimen deities, into your Destiny Palace, or into your Wealth Palace, or into your Career Palace. Over time, you will get an opportunity to also use the attributes belonging to a different deity. Okay? So, as you can see, in your couple of pages, in your manifesting calendar, right, you can see that different deities arriving, right? So, of course, you get an opportunity to use different energies.

And as you do that, you become more connected with the other deities. So, yes. Eventually.

Okay? So, here's the other question. Can Qimen tell me or predict if I'll ever be successful? To do this, I think Qimen is not a fortune-telling system, if you will, right? But if you use Qimen on a strategic level, you will be successful eventually, or even in the next couple of months or years. Because in Qimen, you are engineering and co-creating your destiny.

Okay? So, it's not a question whether you'll predict that you'll be successful as if your future is already fixed. You are going to create it. Now, the question is, how desperate do you want this? The problem is, most people actually are not that interested in actually becoming successful.

It's true, right? They would rather spend a weekend, you know, playing video games than to spend a weekend studying something that could change their life. I mean, not you guys, obviously, because you guys are here learning a technique or a new skill. But are there not a lot of people out there? How many of you relate to what I'm saying? A lot of younger kids today or younger people today, they'll spend their days loitering around, playing video games or, you know, doing things that are not significant, that has zero impact on their future.

Yes or no? Right? Where they should be thinking about their career and their future, they're not. And then bad things happen, they say, I want my life like that. Will I ever be successful? But they're not doing anything about it.

I'm glad you guys are here because you guys are actually doing something about co-creating a successful future. So you have to be intentional. I should write this down.

You have to be intentional about achieving success. Okay? And it's not an overnight thing because success has got many, many, many, many different layers. But if you're intentional about it, the chances of achieving is much higher.

Now, here's another common question. Do I have to meditate or be super spiritual to make this work? The answer is no. There are no mantras.

There are no prayers or, you know, very elaborate spiritual rituals and chanting that you need to do. In fact, you shouldn't. Okay? This has got zero relations to any of that type of formalities.

What you're really doing here is you must understand what spiritual really means. There is a huge difference between religion and spirituality. You guys know what's the difference? Type out.

What do you think is the difference here? Chloe, Nathan. Yeah? What do you think? What do you think it is? The difference between spiritual and religion. So, here's the thing, all right? Religion are other people's experiences grouped together.

Spirituality is your own experiences. Your own discovery. Your own connection with the divine.

Okay? So that's your spiritual journey. There are people, listen to me, there are people who are religious but not spiritual. Yes or no? Just look at the shit they're doing, right? There are people who are religious but they are not spiritual.

Yet there are people who are spiritual but not religious. Yes or no? Okay? So if you follow a particular discipline, right, or experiences, then you might be in a religion. But if you're following your own discovery, your own ability to see the truth and become better, that's your own spiritual world.

And that does not mean that you have to do a thousand prayers every day. That you have to do many mantras and you got to recite all the ancient mantras in Sanskrit in order to achieve this higher level. Some people do that, right? They think that the more authentic they are with the mantras, that they got to learn Sanskrit or they got to learn some high level Mandarin even though they don't know how to speak it but they want to pronounce it in that saying just so that they feel more authentic with it.

No. Okay? The idea is not about that. The idea is for you to, you yourself, have that enlightenment.

When you achieve that, you see things for what they are and you become better and you can take from the invisible world and manifest it into the external world such as creating wealth, creating careers, creating opportunities, then you are spiritual. Okay? And ultimately the measurement is are you happier? Like truly happier. Not cynical type happy.

Okay? If you're truly happier, you're more harmonious, then you are spiritual. Right? So, that's the difference. So, to answer this question, you don't have to do all this stuff to be spiritual.

You just have to understand that you are becoming better. That's the spiritual world we're talking about. And this is the next question.

Now, these type of questions, asking Chiman to forecast something, falls under the category called Chiman Forecasting. So, it's very different than Chiman Manifesting. It's actually the other end of the spectrum.

The other end of the spectrum is you're going to forecast the outcome of a certain activity or desire or pursuit. Okay? Now, although I'm saying this in plain English, but a lot of people don't get it. So, I want to explain this again.

Chiman Forecasting. Okay, guys, can you put up two words here? Manifesting and Forecasting. Just type it out, right? On the screen for us.

So, there is a difference between Manifesting and Forecasting. In fact, there is a lesson that I'm going to talk about today that talks about the difference between these two perspectives of Chiman, if you will. So, Forecasting is, in fact, the majority, the bulk of how Chiman practices are, is that we want to use Chiman to actually forecast the likability of success or failure of a certain activity or pursuit.

So, yes, to answer this question, can I use Chiman to ask about my relationships, not just career or business? The answer is absolutely yes. And in fact, it's more than that. In fact, you could use Chiman to actually help guide you to take the right action steps to get better relationships, win in your career and businesses as well.

Okay? Now, it's quite different than Manifesting. Because Manifesting, it's about bringing your desires into reality. That you want to engineer the certain environment or experience or outcomes.

They both work hand in hand. The Chiman Manifesting takes what you desire and co-creates the environment, the situation to favour that outcome or bring forth the outcome. And then you use forecasting to kind of measure or check if you're heading towards the right direction towards that outcome.

So, they are both, they work complementary to each other. Okay? Now, here's another common question. What if I don't resonate with my guardian deity at all? Yeah.

At first, at first. Okay? The reason is because all these years, you have never contacted this guardian angel. Never.

It's always been there. So, after a while, you know, it's like a long-lost friend, right? The phone number is in your contact list but you've never contacted a friend. You cannot all of a sudden say, hey, you know, let's go out for lunch.

It's like, hey, you know, you're not contacting me for years and all of a sudden, you know, you're here, right? So, you have to first build that relationship again and once you do that, give yourself about two to three months, you will resonate 100% with the guardian of destiny. You will resonate with the attributes. Okay? Alright.

So, here's another question. Does having a weaker one or two-star guardian deity mean I'm not, I'm at a disadvantage? The answer is firstly, levels one and two does not mean it is lower. This is a great question.

I want you guys all to write this down when I know someone is late and they're going to join later and then they have the same question. It's level one. I'm only level one chief.

I'm only level two chief. I'm level zero chief. Does it mean I'm weak? The answer is no.

It's not. Each of this level, it's called spiritual alignment, each of this level have a different type of frequency. Okay? Level one talks about survival energy.

Okay? Level two is about desire energy. So, it's different. In fact, today, today I'm going to actually go into detail about the eight spiritual alignments.

Alright? So, I want you to understand they're not about weaker. In fact, zero is not weaker. In fact, zero can be nothing or everything.

Zero is one of the, it can be the biggest number. It can also be the smallest number. It encompasses everything.

Okay? See, zero is so powerful that it cannot be divided nor multiplied. It is an absolute number. Okay? So, you see the power of zero.

So, it's not always weaker. It depends on context. Got it, guys? Yeah? So, level three, for example, powers to do with leadership and conquering.

So, if you know how to use that in a certain way, right, you could dominate an industry. Or sometimes people appear more dominating or charismatic because they're level three. Right? So, it's not about weaker.

It's about what's the purpose. You guys get it? Type of one if you guys understand what I just say. Okay, here's another question.

What if I'm not intuitive at all? Can intuition be trained? Or is it something you're just born with? Will achievement still work for me? The answer is, now before I ask, I say this. How many of you here regard yourself as intuitive? You guys are intuitive? Type of one if you're intuitive. Type of two if you don't know.

Type of three if you feel that you're absolutely not intuitive. One, two, or three. Go ahead.

I see a lot of you are pretty intuitive. Some of you are somewhat intuitive. Okay? Alright.

So, here's the thing. Intuition, like any other senses that we have, sight, hearing, smell, taste, for example, some people are born with a little bit more sensitivity towards intuition. Some people are lesser.

But here's the thing. You can be trained. You can be trained.

Just like your eyesight, ability to observe and see things, right, hearing, you have a natural ability, yet you also have ability that can be honed. So, intuition can be trained. Okay? In fact, the level six star in your achievement, I'll tell you guys, don't get so excited yet, right, as we go through the topics today, level six actually talks about intuition.

Okay? So, it actually can be trained. It can be developed. The question is, do you know what intuition can do for you? Okay? Because a lot of people don't know.

They think that intuition is what? Ability to see the future, to sense evil spirits. Because people have different perspectives on what intuition is. Okay? If you intuitively know something, you could, you know, like for example, if you read many textbooks, if you have better intuition, you know which parts are important.

It's intuition filters unnecessary information. Okay? So, there are people who are book smart, who knows everything in the book, but they're not intuitive, so they don't know which parts are important. Okay? Some people knows which part is important, they don't have to read the book, they just know which sections to refer to, and they know how to intuitively use certain skills or abilities.

It can be developed. Okay? So, yeah? You guys good with this? Nicole? Kevin? Okay. Now, here's another question.

How do I know if my deity has heard me? Okay. Normally, sense of knowing, some people, you know, take time to develop that, and for others, they look for evidential occurrences. And evidential occurrences in our modern day language are signs from the universe.

Okay? So, we have not talked about this extensively yet, but it is an important aspect of achievement. How many of you have seen, like, very unique numbers? 111444333, right? How many of you have seen this? Like, suddenly you look at this set of numbers, yeah, you resonate? Yeah? Clarice? Carlo? Yeah? Bianca? Yeah, you got, you feel that? Right. Sometimes you see, right? Like you see triple ones consecutively for a couple of days, right? Yeah, I'm coming to that, what it means, right? Chill, relax first, yeah? Okay.

So, how many of you have seen numbers? Or maybe certain colors, certain objects, right? Okay. So, do all these have meaning? Well, they are signs, right? Some people call it angel signs, some people call it divine signs, S-I-G-N-S, signs, all right? So, these are replies, think of it as replies. These replies, as the word says, replies from the universe has to be related to a question that you are pondering or asking the guardian deity in Qimen.

So, to answer your question, does 1114443 or all these have a specific meaning? It only has meaning if you remember your question. Problem is, most of you don't remember what was the question because you didn't specifically ask the question, you were just worried or thinking about or concerned about a certain topic. When that itself is a question, right? There's a desire to know an outcome, right? But you just didn't put it into an official conversation.

So, remember, a reply only makes sense if you understood what was the question. Otherwise, it's basically the universe spamming you, okay? It's like suddenly you remember, oh, a promotion for the latest T-shirts in Qimen and like, what is it? I didn't even ask what it is, right? You get a spam mail. So, otherwise, it is a reply.

If you ask the question and reply with that, now it makes sense because it's replying to a certain question or a desire that I have in mind. That is how signs work, okay? So, how do you know the TT has heard you by the replies? And the replies come with the signs. Sometimes you see a feather, right? Sometimes you see, oh, why is this two birds tweaking in front of my house for these last three days, right? They're always here.

That is the sign, okay? So, how many of you are interested in learning more about evidential occurrences, signs for the universe? Type a one here. Wow, interesting. It's an interesting thing.

Sometimes the signs come in a dream, yeah? Okay, it's a whole long subject, guys. Big subject. But it's part of Qimen as well, okay? So, remember, the short, the gist of it is you have to see what the question is in order to interpret the answer.

Otherwise, the answer has got no meaning. Triple one has got no meaning. Triple three has got no meaning, right? Four, four, four, four, four, four, four has got no meaning unless you know the question.

So, this is a long story cut short. Find out what the question is. There's a whole framework for that.

Okay? Perhaps one of the lessons I can go deeper into this. If you're interested, type a one so I know. Okay? There's so many things to cover, right? Well, being interested is one thing.

Is this helpful? The answer is yes. If you know how to ask the right questions and you know how to interpret the signs, the universe answer, then it is super helpful. You're constantly getting a visual or spiritual guide guiding you.

But if you ask dumb questions, right? You're someone who's not trained. You haven't trained yourself to ask more intelligent questions. You ask all of these dumb questions.

Oh, why did he leave me? Why did she leave me? Why is my life so miserable? Why am I always betrayed by my friends? Why are people jealous of me? Why do people take advantage of me? You ask questions like that, then you're going to get really dumb answers. Yes, they'll still get a reply. It's just that the level of the question dictates the level of the answer.

It's kind of like check GPT and some AI things that you're using. Do you know by now, you guys realize that AI is a question of garbage in, garbage out. Yes or no? How many of you have that realization? Come to me right here.

Right? AI is as powerful as the user. If the person is asking dumb questions, like they're using as a search engine, which is majority of people do that, right? Then it's not going to give you really good answers. AI tells you the answer you want to hear, but it's not exactly useful.

You know what I mean? Right? Here's the thing. So you got to learn how to use AI, isn't it? Right? Likewise, you also need to learn how to interpret the signs from the universe. We call that in Qimen, evidential occurrences.

Okay? All right, just a couple more, then we will go on to some of our core training today. How do I know if I'm in sage mode? Well, you're in sage mode when you feel that there is a sense of timelessness, peace, and calmness. In general, your brain frequencies will go down to the alpha level, which is the most creative level for the brain frequency.

Okay? That's sage mode. It's a meditative state, but not a state where you're in your delta or theta level where you're actually deep into meditation. We don't want to get to that level.

It's a level that you're pretty much awake, just very peaceful. Okay? All right. So, last one and then we go on to some of our training today.

All right, you guys good? Okay. I have the death door in my Qimen Destiny Palace. Does this generally mean that my life will be difficult for me? The answer is no.

The answer is absolutely no. Death door has got different meaning in different contexts. This is where a lot of people jump to conclusions.

Oh, the word death is bad. You recall one of the cleansing that I used for you, I think it was a couple of days ago, that I actually used the death door. It's used to end certain addictions or problems.

Death door means ending. All right? But that is used for when I'm doing the manifesting. In your destiny palace, death door represents earth.

It represents land. It represents assets. It represents possessions.

You will notice that the richest people on the planet are usually death door. That's the power. The power to end or start a life.

The power to determine the prosperity of other people. Entrepreneurs. Right? Business owners.

Death door. Okay? Life door is not as rich as death door people. But, caveat, you got to know how to use it.

Okay? That's Qimen destiny for you. So, different perspective. All right? Is it this interesting? All right.

Now, I just want to remind Nanda that we have a lot of people already in our training here. You just join us. Welcome back.

Welcome back, guys. Okay. So, today's session, maybe 90 minutes, maybe two hours.

Okay, I just give you the time frame. It depends on your questions as well, guys. So, I allocated about two hours to complete today's training as much as possible.

But listen, you know, I know some of you guys are busy or whatever it is. But, try to commit to the time so that at least learn the skill to transform your life. Right? You know, a lot of people always ask for grace and ask for help.

And when help arrives, they don't want to take it. Maybe this is what you've been asking for and praying for all your life. The skill set to change your life.

And you can't afford that 30 minutes extra to learn it? I don't know. Okay? I don't know. Right? Most of this training program is free.

Right? Some of you are in the gold pass which is great. Right? You get to replace. Some of you just have to commit to time which you do have.

Right? So, you know, a lot of people are in that rat race. They keep doing the same, same, same thing. You know how rat race looks like, right? They keep running, running, running and there's no way out.

Well, this is your way out. Sometimes you just have to break free. You know, decide that this is the time for you to change your life and take the next step.

Okay? So remember, taking the next step is the way to get out of the rat race. Okay? I hope that, you know, it will be you that change your own life. Right? If not, sometimes you might do... Some of you are in this training like the fourth or fifth time.

Right? I do a lot of free trainings over the years and I recognize some of these names. They're here the fourth or fifth time but hopefully by the fifth time they will decide that this is it. I want to take the next step and change it.

Okay? You can see that, right? So part of us, we... In our philosophy, in the Team JY, we try to help as many people as possible and the rest is you got to take that action the next step forward to speed things up and change it. Just so you know, I'm going to repeat this at the end of the day today. Period nine, we are just in the cusp of the transformation.

You see the whole world is in this chaotic chaotic mode right now. You know, so it's best to have a skill set to really assist you to thrive right now. And if not, this tsunami of wave or transformation especially from the Crimson Horse, you know, it's quite detrimental.

You see people out there suffering too. Right? So hopefully you get out this rat race and transform your life. Right? It's up to you.

Right. So let's... Now, you guys watch the homework because I want to just skip this part because I've already done it earlier. If you're not already watching it, guys, can you just put up the link here to see where they can see it in a spot of our social media groups.

I think you can just watch. The homework is important. Very important.

All right. So I want you to go through that if you've missed it. Okay.

All right. Good. All right.

You go there. It's important that you have answers to these questions. The idea of the homework is simply this.

All right. What's the gap between where you are and where you want to be? That's important. Okay.

This is only... You can answer this. What's the gap? Okay. The gap.

Now, a lot of people can't describe this gap. Where do you want to be? Like, oh, I don't really know where I want to be. That's a problem.

Right. But you feel unhappy. You don't feel that satisfied with your career.

You don't feel that happy in your relationships. You don't feel that happy with your health. Then there must be a gap somewhere.

So if you don't... You're unable to put your finger on where the gap is, like from where you are to where you want to be. Usually, my way is basically put a dollar sign to it. Right.

What is the dollar value between where you are and where you want to be? So if you want to make a million dollars and you are currently at $300,000, then the gap is $700,000. It's easier if you use numbers. I'm not saying that's the only way, but it's an easier way.

Okay. Where you want to be. Now, even that number of where you want to be, a lot of people are afraid.

I realize this. I mean, I'm close to 50 years old now. And I have friends who, when I grow up with, the same age with me, and they still don't know what they want.

It's a bit sad. I mean, they ask me and I try to tell them, hey, you know, where's the gap? They say, ah, you know, one day, I'm going to be all right. Then I just look at, you know, we are half a century old.

And you still don't know where you want to be. Why are you so afraid to put a number to it? Okay? Right? At half a century, you should at least know where you want to be in the next 10 years, right? I mean, right, if you are 70 now, in the next 5 years or 10 years, where would you want to be? Right? What is important for you? And where you are now to where you want to be, that is called the gap. If you put a dollar sign to it, it's quite, I mean, now, the reason I say this is because the perfect command that you're about to learn today relates a lot to closing this gap.

If you don't know this gap, you can't specifically manifest the outcome. So, you got to know that. Right? Now, let me ask you this other question.

If we fill up that gap, what would that open up for you? This is a great question, isn't it? If you do fill up this gap eventually, what would that open up for you? How would this unlock the new version of you if you close this gap? Now, you think about it, guys. I want you to connect to your higher self as I'm talking to you with these questions. If you do fill up this gap, what would that open up for you? Who would you be if this gap is finally closed? You're there now.

How would you feel? What's the life like? How's life like when you get there? When you finally don't have cancer anymore? Right? Think about it, right? When you finally have that funds to build the dream house. Right? Some people say, but my issue is a family issue. My daughters left me.

My kids left me. And now I'm all alone. Can Chimman help me? Yeah, what's the gap? The gap is that relationship.

How much is it? If you're worth $10 million today, would you create a different environment where it's better for your kids and for yourself as well? Think about it. Right? Now, here's the other question. What happens if you don't close that gap in the next 6 months? What happens? This is an important question.

The problem is there's no urgency to close the gap and therefore without that, your desire power is weak. Your manifesting doesn't turn it into an outcome. It doesn't manifest because it's not really urgent.

You know, urgent and important things get done first. Even in your actual daily life. Yes or no? Everything that's urgent, you do it immediately.

Everything that's important, you give it priority. Yes or no? So if you don't know, you don't have an answer to what if you don't close this gap in the next 6 months and you don't know what that means, that means it's not urgent and it's also not that important. Because of that, this manifesting will take time to come.

Guys, I'm trying to solve this problem for you. Why is it that manifesting some of you guys don't get the outcome, right? So it's not that just the door and just the dainty alone. You gotta have that urgency.

Guys, how many of you understand what I'm saying? Type of one. Yeah? Teh-wen, Kai-sin, yeah? Zen-yang. Got it? Yeah? Okay? Right.

And here's the thing. The law of equivalent exchange. I think I touched on this a little bit in the last couple of trainings.

And also in my short videos I do this a lot. The law of equivalent exchange always says energy exchanges. You gotta give something to get something.

Not always money, but money is a good way to measure this. Sometimes your energy, your time. Like for example, kids don't measure how much money you give them, unless they grow up.

As young kids, it's how much time you give them, right? That's how they value your investment in them, right? So, different perspective, different outcomes requires different forms of investments. So, I need to ask you this. What's the maximum you invest to closing this gap? Maximum investment.

Think about it. Time, energy, resources. Three things.

Okay? Resources means money or things that you have. Some of you, no, I'm not giving any of my time. No, I'm not giving any of my resources.

If you're not willing to do it, the law of equivalent exchange says you're not going to get the outcome, no matter what you're manifesting. Okay? It's very simple. You go to work.

Let's say you get a job. You take your time and your knowledge in exchange for payment. Law of equivalent exchange.

Some get paid more. That's because the value of what they're doing with their time and skills is creating a bigger value for whoever they're giving it to. Okay? So, that way, it's also what you're investing.

Okay? So, what's the maximum investment that you are prepared to give? Put a dollar sign to it. Okay? No, it's just $200. Okay.

Then, your value in return is going to be $200. Maybe at most $2,000, but that's it. Right? So, here's the thing.

So, this is a realization question. Right? All these questions just help you to, okay, it's a spiritual question. It's for you to, oh, shit.

I'm not giving anything. In fact, I'm always taking, I'm waiting for, you know, the government to give me money. I'm waiting for people to give me money.

Is this take, take, take, take, take? You see, the thing is, how many of you regard yourself as relatively religious? I'm not saying the type of religion is relatively religious. So, you believe in doing God's work. Yes? Or the divine's work.

Yes or no? Because that's what all the major religions talk about. Right? So, the divine. Let's just use the word the divine.

Because we're not going to identify with a certain type of discipline. We'll just say the divine. And you know the divine, the ultimate, the source, is all about procreation.

It's creating life. Right? Creating life, creating possibilities. It's not there because you know that the divine is love.

Love is the divine. Right? So, if you're there to do the divine's work, you're actually creating jobs. You're actually hiring people.

You're actually giving opportunities to other people. You will be blessed with even more because you're giving. So, a lot of entrepreneurs who are hiring, who is developing, who is feeding hundreds of families because of what they do, they gain more opportunities.

And in fact, if you look at how businesses work, it's exactly the same way. Whereas those who are waiting, right? There are some older generations that you know everyone has that old uncle or auntie somewhere that oh, you know, I don't get enough. I'm waiting for handouts.

These are the ones that are not doing divine's work. And since you're not doing part of divine's work, you get the least help. Because you're not hiring anyone, your ideas are not feeding a society.

That's the problem. See the point? The law of equivalent exchange. Right? So, what's the maximum you'd invest to closing that gap for yourself? Think about that because that is the framework for writing the most powerful command.

If you write a command without this, you're going to miss out on the actual outcome. Okay? And here's the thing, right? Now, when you write the command, there's also such a thing called expectations, guys. Expectations.

We, the Buddhists call this How do you say in English, guys? Stubborn? No, not stubborn. Fix it. A stubborn perspective.

In the Western world, it's called set perceptions. Okay? Set perceptions of how things must be and should be. And in fact, this is the main cause of a lot of relationship problems.

The main cause of a lot of partnership fallout because what you perceive as a good relationship is you're brought up by this culture and then you marry to someone who doesn't abide by that culture. Oh, this is a bad relationship. Some people are like that, right? Because of their perception of how a man should be or perception of how a woman should be and when they're not aligned at all, you know, this is all wrong.

Perception is kind of like our intelligence. Alright? Listen to this first. This is important.

This is part of the perfect command training today. You see, intelligence, all human beings have a certain level of intelligence, right? And the more intelligent we are, the more we find out how things work. So that we could repeat it.

Remember the time where how many of you were in biology class back in the day? How many of you were in biology class back when you were kids? Biology and you have to cut open a frog? Yeah? How many of you did that? Do they still do that in school? Do they still do that in school? I mean, I did that back in school, right? So you cut open a frog and then you thought this is the heart, this is the kidneys, this is the what, have you done that? Yeah? So you don't like that class, right? Some is disgusting, for some boys it's so interesting, right? This is a dead frog, right? So here's the thing, why do we do that? Because intelligence requires us to know why things work, right? So we cut it open to find out why. We ask why. It's great.

Once we understood why, we can change things, make things work. Great. Okay? So imagine you're trying to understand your wife.

Or I've said it once, you're trying to understand your husband. Okay, let's not do this. Let's say, you're trying to understand your mother.

I want to understand my mother. But to understand her, why her thinking is like that, you cut her open. Let's remove this head and see inside the brain, see how they are wired, why they think the way, why she think the way she think.

After you cut things open and find out why, you might find out why. But in the end, there's not much of a mother left. Now think about the relationship part.

A lot of people keep asking why you're like that? Why you're like this? I want to find out why. I want to find out why who text you last night. Is it this? Is it that? Why you slept with this person? Why is this? Why is that? By the time you find out the why's, you didn't solve the problem.

Yes, you're intellectually better, but there's not much of a husband or a wife left. So there's another perspective that you embrace and that sort of higher intelligence called pure intelligence. And pure intelligence is the intelligence of the universe.

You see, this universe itself, consciousness is conscious. It's consciously producing life. The whole universe is working in a specific order.

Life finds a way and it is not sullied by our opinions. It's not sullied by our opinions. It's just like the ocean waves.

The waves can crush someone or you can ride the waves and surf. But the waves don't give a shit whether you're a nice person or a kind, loving person or whether or not you're comically whatever good things you've done. The waves are just the waves.

That's how the universe, pure intelligence works. They have a certain order and a certain law. The law of equivalent exchange is part of the universe law.

The law of creation is part of this law of the universe. So these are pure intelligence. The consciousness is always there.

And it works regardless of how intelligent you are. So intelligence is kind of like a double-edged sword. And you can cut outwards but sometimes cutting inwards.

Whereas pure intelligence is the all-knowing. If you understand how that works, that love for example, you just understand, I can trust this person, I love this person, I don't need to know the whys and hows. You know when you say love conquers all, you'll find a way to make it work.

Because you actually love that person. When there's no love, there's only intelligence. Where should we split? Where's the half? How should I protect myself? That's the difference, right? The point is this.

When you're trying to get the perfect command but you have an intention of setting how the outcome must be because you intelligently think that this is the way it's supposed to work, it will not work. Let me give you an example through the form of a story. So long ago, some of you might have heard this story, that was in a village or in a small town, a great flood was coming.

A great flood was coming. And then there was this religious guy, a man who was super trusting to God, super religious, goes to pray every single day, follows all the scriptures, do all the mantras and whatever not. And he knows the flood is coming because there was a warning issue but he refused to evacuate his home.

And as the water is coming in, his neighbor came in the car and said, Hey, come with me. The flood is coming. You see the water is coming into your house now.

You should come with me right now. And what did the man say? He said, No, I can't come with you. I'm waiting for God to reply.

I'm waiting for God to save me. And He will send the angels. He said, OK.

Alright. So off the neighbor went, Good luck to you, man. Alright, I'm pretty sure He will come and save you.

Right. Now, the water has kept rising and he's still in the house waiting. He's still praying.

Still praying. Alright. Now the water has reached until the window's level.

He knows, Oh shit, the window's there. What should I do? And the rescue team came with a boat. Rescue team said, Hey, get in.

You'll drown if you stay in this house. And once again, the man said, No. God will save me.

Then the rescue boat said, What the hell? Alright, OK. Alright, cool. Alright, but you better make sure you get out of the house.

Alright. So off the boat went. Finally, the water reached to the top, almost to the top of the roof and this guy had to climb all the way to the top of the roof now to his house.

And then, I think some of you get the idea of the story. Alright. Helicopter came.

Flew overhead. And the crew yelled down to the guy and said, Hey, grab the rope. We'll pull you up.

And this guy shouted, No. God will save me because I am a religious person. And so the water rose higher and higher and higher and finally the man drowned.

And so he went to heaven. Alright. Well, we don't know where he went.

He went to heaven and then he met God. He's very angry with God. Hey, I've been praying to you my whole life.

How come you didn't send the angels to come save me? And God said, You motherfucker. I sent you three freaking help and you still don't want to come. And somehow you complain.

Right? You deserve to go to hell. Moral of the story here is this. Grace or divine help comes through ordinary means, guys.

And not in your perceived way of how it must happen. So for these guys, you have to see the angels flapping him away. I know this is an exaggerated story but here's the truth.

Right? Help comes from through other people, through opportunities and even circumstances. Right? So it does not mean that you ignore practical help. It does not mean that you have a set perception of how the divine must help you.

Right? Just like I asked you, how does heaven look like to you? And straight away you think angels. Right? If you were born in the West, you probably think angels with wings flying around. There's a huge, grand castle somewhere and then there's this divine being sitting on a throne.

But if you're born in China a few hundred years ago, you will see that this is the emperor sitting on a dragon throne. Right? In the emperor's south gate with lots of army dressed like Tang dynasty. But if you're born in Greece, it would be Zeus.

Yes or no? You're born in Norway 2-3 thousand years ago, you think it's Odin. The culture dictates how this visual would be. Okay? But the energy of the divine is still the divine.

Different names. Alright? So, the problem in most of us when we're trying to get manifesting to come, we have a certain way to say, how do I know it's coming? I got to see it this way. So I want you to remove that.

So remember this story I just told you. Right? Help comes in different ways. Maybe this 4-part training itself is part of the step field.

Part of the training that you've been trying to manifest all this while that you ever needed to get out of the rat race. Who knows? Right? But how many feel that this could be the answer to some of the prayers that you've been asking for? Type of one. Right? Eugene? Great.

Malcolm? Jiamin? Leonard? Wow. Okay. You see that, right? Excellent.

Now you get the point. Good. Alright.

You excited for today? Yeah? So that was just the first part of our training. It's called Perception. Joey, can you remind me about the gold pass? Okay.

Alright. So before I go any further, today is the last day for joining the gold pass. Because otherwise it wouldn't make sense anymore to be in the gold pass anymore.

So if you are joining us as part of the gold pass members, then you get an extended 5-day replay. Some of you missed part 1 or you didn't repeat a certain part or part 2 or you find that this training is really good and you want to see it a couple of times. Repetition is actually the mother of all learning.

So join us in the gold pass. It's only $47. Get to watch all this training game.

And there's a dedicated Zoom Q&A to get you unstuck faster if you have questions. It's direct support. It's truly great.

And for those of you who have a language barrier, you prefer it in different languages like Mandarin, Tagalog, Japanese, Bahasa, Korean, French, Romanian, Italian, Thai, German, Russian, right? So, you want to be part of the gold pass and you get the different language. Yeah, of course, AI did it. Right? Or you want to believe that I actually learned Thai last week and speak to you in Thai? Come on, right? Okay, but it's good.

It's about 90-95% pretty good. I've got friends who tell me I'm pretty accurate. Alright, so anyway, it's 47 bucks.

Alright, so if you think that this is worth it, do join us. Alright, so first lesson, perception. Alright? When we are using the perfect command and the energies are right, you've got to have the right energies.

I'll tell you how to do that. You align yourself. But your perception is fixated.

Then you always will feel that the outcome is not exactly what you want. Okay? Because the divine helps you through different ways, through ordinary means. Alright? And always remember this.

The whole idea of manifesting follows a certain principle. And the principle is simply this. Spirit or the universe.

Okay, put the four realms up. Four realms, yeah. Spirit, universe, that's the highest level.

Heaven, earth, man or human. So these four realms. What does it really mean? The universe is the cosmic energy.

Alright? Divine. Channel to your thoughts. Thoughts to action.

Action leads to results. So basically what it means is your thoughts will become your beliefs. Your beliefs will become your behaviours.

And your behaviours will become your habits. And your habits will become your character. And your character will determine your destiny.

It determines how high you go and everybody has that right where they're at in their life right now. So that's why manifesting can change your life because it affects your thoughts. It will eventually become how you believe.

If you believe that you could do it, you will manifest the outcome. You become part of your behaviours. And your behaviours will form your daily practice, your daily habits, and eventually your character and it will shape destiny.

Okay? So that's why it's important to understand this. Now I want to show you, I did this a little bit just now when we started, but this is an important lesson here. I want to show you this spectrum.

The yin and yang of Okay? So we have the yin and yang. These are two reflections but it's the same truth. Super important.

Okay? I want to put the whole Qimen Dunjia thing into this perspective here because you are learning Qimen and I'm pretty sure, I mean, I hope that you will continue with us but even if you don't, you continue on your own. Please continue on your own at some point. Right? If you're with us, great.

If you're not, I wish you well but I used to need to do this and learn this and I'm going to give you the perspective right now. Okay? In Qimen, the contrasting in one side of it is manifesting and on the other spectrum is forecasting. Okay? So it's much more than you think.

Yeah? Because understanding what is in between these two is actually the key to mastering Qimen manifesting and it's also the same reason why people fail to learn the whole perspective of Qimen Dunjia, the whole system of this metaphysics because sometimes you think, is it feng shui or is it destiny? Now, it might appear a bit chaotic or non-linear, very disorganized information. Right? It looks complex. For some people, the problem with learning Qimen is wow, so many things.

How many of you feel that? So many things. I don't know which is which. Right? You feel overwhelmed, right? It looks complex with multiple layers.

Right? And for some people, wow, so esoteric. Right? Look at the chart. It's got all these symbols and this spiritual language.

Right? And it seems so mystical for me. So, it's not. What if there was an easy-to-learn step-by-step system to mastering the entire aspect of Qimen? Because in between forecasting and manifesting, in between this Qimen feng shui, Qimen destiny, Qimen strategic execution, Qimen oracle, for example, all these leading to Qimen forecasting.

They're different perspectives of Qimen. What if there is an easy-to-learn step-by-step framework to mastering every face of Qimen? A more systematic and repeatable way to converse and collaborate with the universe intuitively? What if there's a framework that you consistently can track and monitor and tweak your actions to match the outcome of your desires? And the desire, remember the gap? Remember I said earlier, you want to get to that point, great family, great health, no more pain, sleeping well, all this stuff, right? I don't know how much it's worth for you, but if you could get there in a structured way, a blueprint that will help you get whatever you want from whatever you've got. These 12 breakthrough steps are the everything in between this spectrum, from Qimen manifesting to Qimen forecasting, anything in between.

Okay, so look at all these steps, right, from understanding guardians of destiny to tree victories of the ability to have foresight, understanding how to change your environment and all that, so all these are the steps. Now, all this is inside this training program called the Qimen Academy. Okay, hear me out first, hear me out first, this is not a pitch, there is no buy button, all right? You're not going to buy this.

I'm saying there's an opportunity to get this for free. Don't you want to listen to this? Okay, so there is no buy button anywhere right now, I'm just going to go through this content here, all right? Okay, all right, so, here's the thing, all right, you might get this for free, so listen up, all right? Before I go on to this 12 path blueprint and explain what you might get, all right, let me just tell you there is a difference between western manifesting, because this is one major question that you guys have, oh, you know, I go, this law of attraction is also manifesting, is it the same? No, it's not the same. The biggest difference is Qimen incorporates the time dimension and the spiritual forces with your manifesting.

So, you notice that when we go through the cleansing, for example, we connect with the Qimen deity and we connect with the constellation, the cosmic forces and we connect with the time and the direction. So, you'll find that that itself is the other 50% of manifesting. So, while you're doing western manifesting, which is all correct in their own principle and all that, being positive and saying affirmations, all good, add the missing Qimen part to it, which is the time dimension.

So, you don't have to keep doing that shit, right, you don't do it at the right time and you get the outcome, all right? So, that's the gist of the difference between eastern and western manifesting, because eastern manifesting, you can still be that grumpy person, that people like to complain and cynical, but as long as you manifest at the right timing with the right direction, you get the outcome. Okay? That's the difference, all right? Okay. Now, in the Qimen Academy, and I truly think that you guys to strive to get this, if you can, again, I can't promise all of you that you will get this and there's no buy button here, all right, but eventually you should learn this yourself too if you can't get it for free, all right? If you wish to buy it, great, if not, listen first.

The awakening. First, you must see your inner universe like never before. I think that's important, that's the first part, that's the first part of this training and you realize that the outer world is just following your internal script.

You learn to plot the chart, uncover hidden cosmic instructions coded in your Qimen destiny and finally, you need to meet the real you. Not who you've become, but who you were born to be. That's what we call awakening.

And then you move up this path to the guardian of destiny. And I will touch a little bit about it, but I'm going to go deep into this. This is how you tap into the divine voice that has guided you all along.

Your guardian deity. How do you connect to this spirit guide? And finally, hear it clearly? Not hear it, hear it, but actually know what it's saying. Shift from hope to knowing as your inner guide begins, you know, helping you shape the outer universe.

That's what this guardian of destiny is about. You're going to awaken the spiritual power that helps you turn your desire into the outcomes that you want. Now, then you've got to have, you've got to turn yourself from being weak and not confident to becoming unstoppable.

So you've got to activate unstoppable momentum using divine light, divine blessing and divine force. This is the three victories, which is part of modules three and four. Learning how you can turn, you know, a position into a winning position, becoming unstoppable, right? So you want to show up in the world, you see, if you're more charismatic and confident, you already win 50% in your career, in your business, in your relationships.

Most of the problems occur in life is because you're not, you're not that confident. You don't speak up, you cannot explain yourself, right? You just keep quiet because of lack of confidence and you see, put two people together, the person who is more confident usually wins, even though they're not very accurate. Okay? So how do you become unstoppable? Well, by learning the three victories.

Now, the three victories involve divine blessing, divine light and divine force and each of these are used in relationships, in negotiations. It will turn a person with mediocre confidence into a person with strong charisma and leadership. It helps you win in your personal missions.

So three victories are super important. If you take away nothing from this training, just knowing the three victories alone is super useful in your career negotiations, in your business negotiations, your negotiation, your spouse for example, already is a win. Okay? Alright.

So how many of you are interested in getting this for free? Alright? So before I can tell you this, let me tell you the real value of this first, right? Not everything, you know, just get it first, right? You will see the value and see whether it's useful and you tell me, I want you to tell me how is this going to change your life before I can give you an opportunity to get it for free. Okay? Because you know a lot of things about free things, right? When people get it, they don't appreciate it. Alright? I know that, you know that too.

Alright? So here's the thing, alright? Modified is about the power of foresight, the ability to see things, not see ghosts, alright? It's about seeing things with super clarity, avoiding traps, avoiding misadventures, alright? You spot the hidden risks in relationships, in deals, in health matters, and in very important decisions in your life, right? The ability to see problems and avoid them at the start. Alright? Once you learn how to do that, you can move on to a framework called the Forecasting Framework and that's where you learn to forecast wealth matters, career matters and business matters. This is how you plot the achievement chart.

Some people are asking about this. You plot the chart and you have a business decision, right? I want to invest in this. I want to start this business.

I want to launch this marketing campaign. I want to do this deal with this person. I want to attack this market.

I want to launch a product in this manner. What's the outcome? So you're decoding the future of your business decisions or your career decisions. So you will see beyond the surface level and look at the true opportunities.

This is in fact the most important part about achievement because your life is going to be full of decision making. And if you could make just a little bit more better decisions, your life would instantly become better. Right? You think about the career part, right? All this while, you're stuck where you're stuck because you've been making not so great career decisions.

And what if you could do it better? What if you could understand what the other party wants and truly wants and desire before you negotiate? That would help you a lot, isn't it? Right? And module 7 is about how do you see a problem and how do you anticipate whether it will disrupt and turn into a crisis? So you want to anticipate disruptions before they hit and neutralize them before they actually become a disaster for you. This is super important, alright? If you just have less problems enough. How many of you feel that if you have less problems in life, your life is actually great? Less problems, right? That's it, right? Some people want to get rich but some people just want to have less problems.

Some people, their spouse is the problem, right? So before he or she erupts, I better find out how to solve this problem. That is the result of everything. I mean, I love this topic the most.

You know what they say, right? Happy wife, happy life, right? And how do you get a happy wife, happy life? Avoid triggering any problems. How many of you agree with this? Right? Okay. And then how do you navigate the problems, right? So if you're already in the problem, then how do you solve the problem? I think this is important, right? To find out, okay, I got this shit happening now, what do I do? Right? So forecasting is not just forecasting the opportunities.

It's also trying to find out, okay, I have this shit that I'm in right now, what should I do? How do I fix this shit, right? This itself is both your entire time trying to study this stuff, right? Turning problems into opportunities or at least solving the problem after it erupts, right? And then we talk about the invisible forces, the chi in your house and your environment. That's topic nine and ten. The power of energy.

If you can't change you because the circumstance is pretty fixed and your manifesting ability is not that great, try changing your environment. You see, feng shui and qimen feng shui is quite different. Qimen feng shui talks about the spiritual energies of your home, the sacred energies of your home.

So nine and ten focuses on that aspect. Okay? And then module eleven, we talk about the telling of qimen is the strategic application of time dimension for certain activity. Launches, for example, initiating negotiations, when to buy a property, when to take certain type of action, how to resolve business conflicts, for example, how to pursue a goal, what time.

That's all about timing. So you have to understand what sort of formations you need to see in the calendar that gives you the best advantage to win. So there's no wasted energy and no misfired timing.

That's lesson eleven. Okay? And finally, how do you put the whole thing together to form a strategy for yourself to win every single time. Okay? So this is the path between manifesting to forecasting and we call this the Qimen Academy.

Now, there's an opportunity for you to get this, all right? So I'll talk more about this at the end of our training today because this is just part of it. I want to go deeper now into the lessons first, all right? I want you to think about how these 12 topics, any one of these can solve a gap in your life. Okay? And the person who writes this the most obviously will gain the most.

So please write down and show this here, right? So put in the text on the telegram. How will this solve some of your problems in life when you know this technique? Okay? Then you see the value. Now, let's talk about a very important aspect about, you know, our part three is about commanding, right? So there is a difference between praying and commanding.

Big difference, okay? So, remember this is not a religion. We are not praying to a divine being, right? We are connecting to our own inner divine. So there is a huge difference here and I want to use this story here to illustrate this before we can write that command, right? So here's a story where there was once a small village that had not seen any rain for many, many, many, many months.

And so the land was dry and the wells were empty and hope was actually beginning to fade. And remember this is in ancient China so rain is important for farming. And so the villagers tried everything.

They tried digging deeper wells and calling for help for water from nearby towns but then no one come to help as usual. And so finally they decided that they need to pray to the gods to borrow the rain, right? To cast for rain. So those days they prayed to the dragon kings, right? For rains.

Now, so every evening the adults would gather at the hilltop looking out into the ocean and they will pray for rain. But no children were allowed because this was a serious business. Each family would send one adult to represent the household and they would go out to this hill that overlooks the ocean and they would ask dragon king to bless them with the rain.

So one day the head of the village fell really ill. No water to drink, right? So he couldn't attend the prayer ceremony so he asked his young daughter to go in his place. So the villagers murmured in disapproval how can you send a child to go and do a sacred prayer, right? I mean it's not the right thing to do, right? Not even serious.

But then the village head said, you know, you got to represent me, right? Because I'm really sick now. So the young daughter said, okay, I'll do it. So the next morning the little girl arrived at the gathering and she was barefoot and she was smiling and to everyone's surprise, she was actually carrying an umbrella and several empty buckets.

And then the villagers laughed, you know, some shook their heads and she thinks it's a game, right? They thought, well, at least this is a game, this little girl thinks, what? So foolish, this stupid girl. But then the girl didn't seem to notice, right? While all these adults did the whole ceremony, did the kowtows and the prostrations and they bowed with their heads and they chanted for the rain and did all that, what did the little girl do? The little girl carefully opened up her umbrella and placed her buckets all around her, right? And then she lifted her face to the sky and just waited. And within minutes, the wind began to stir.

The sky darkened, heavy clouds gathered above and soon, thunder rolled across the valleys and rain began to pour. The villagers gasped, rushing to cover themselves while this little girl laughed and danced in the downpour, collecting the precious water in all her carefully prepared buckets. So when the rain stopped, her buckets were all full, enough to last her family for many, many days and the others who had come only to pray but did not expect or did not anticipate, that's the word, were left empty handed.

So from that day on, the elders decided that children should join the prayers, for it was probably faith of the young girl that opened up the heavens unto the dragon king. So here's the thing, here's the difference when it comes to praying and commanding, alright? Not that praying is wrong, nothing wrong with that, I'm just saying this, the villagers were praying for rain, but it's the, you know, when you are, when you don't have something, right, you will pray for it, right, it comes from a position of lack, whereas the little girl, she didn't pray, right, although the act was praying but she went there and asked and then she anticipates and anticipation is a very powerful thing. Her so-called faith has a certain authority and command to it and that's the difference.

Her action, bringing the buckets and the umbrella is her command, a non-verbal declaration to the universe, I know it's coming, prepare the space, okay? So that's the biggest difference. So when you, when you pray, when you wish the universe for what you want, you wish, you acknowledge the absence of, write that down, this is a lesson here, very important, okay? When you wish for something, you acknowledge the absence of, but when you command something with calm certainty, and you're preparing as if it's already coming, you align with the vibrations of having it and that's when the rain will come and couple that with the correct timing and direction, the anticipation for the outcome is inevitable, okay? So, the story here, the village chief's little girl embodies the journey through the eight spiritual alignments which is this important lesson that I'm about to share with you, okay? It's kind of the next lesson now. It's about, it's not just about the positive belief, right? It's the, it's a metaphor for spiritual evolution and how manifestation strengthens as you move upward through this alignment, alright? So, remember when we're talking about the manifesting framework, once again, this is the framework, you see the intent, you have alignment, and then you have command.

This is the first 60% of your so-called manifesting, right? You see, the part about conquer is the part where the village, the little girl, took the buckets and then ran off. She's taking action, right? She's already ready for it, whereas the others are just doing the wishful thinking, right? But your intent, your alignment, and the command is very important, okay? I'm going to show you how, right? And we're going to talk a little bit more about the alignment to the type of energies and here they are. These are called the eight spiritual alignments.

Now, you, some of you have been asking about this, right? I'm only level one, I'm level two, you know, I'm level three. Does it mean it's weak? It's not. It's different aspects of spiritual alignments.

So here they are. So you can see that the so-called level one star is about survival. It's about basic instincts, basic needs, all right? The most fundamental needs.

And then level two is about desire, wanting. Number three is about power. The energies aligns to power.

About leading something, initiate something. Number four is about connecting. About connecting, all right? This is where love is about.

We're connecting to others, relating to other people, right? Level three is about, you know, feeling more significant or being able to control the situation. That's the biggest difference, all right? So survival is more like, okay, what gets me to a basic stable level, all right? Number two, desire is about, okay, what can I do more? What I want more. I want something different.

I want something special, right? And number five, level five, it's more like, you know, what can I do to feel more fulfilled, to feel that I'm growing, right? You see, happiness, happiness is kind of like riding a bike, okay? You have to keep on moving in order to feel that you're happy, all right? Happiness comes from daily fulfillments, that you are actually achieving something, becoming better. So that's why a lot of people are retired, they're not happy, all right? People, they stop doing what they do, they become unhappy because they no longer feel that they are growing. So growth is aligned with happiness, okay? So then there's a level six, which is intuition.

That's a spiritual alignment as well. You intuitively know things and now you focus on, you know, things that are more important, things that are actually relevant and matter, all right? So intuition is like wisdom. And then level seven is the soul level, the transcendent level, okay? The soul level, the highest level of spiritual achievements and attainment, enlightenment, if you will, okay? And then the final level, we call it level zero, or the Tao level.

This is the nothingness level. This, you can say, is zero or it is everything, all right? This is the level where everything is truly one, where you are united with the divine. At the soul level, you're still separated from the divine.

There's you and then there's the divine, right? But at the level zero, you are part of the divine. You are part of God. You are part of creation itself, right? When you truly understand that.

So that's level zero. Now the question is, this is a long, long study, of course, full topic. So, everyone has to begin with step one.

So let me just show you how you can see this. Some of us are born with different levels. So again, go to your destiny explorer here, right? And plot your chart.

In case you have not already done this, by now, you should have your achievement destiny chart, okay? You guys get achievement destiny chart? All right, cool. So, can you see that in your destiny chart or even in the hour chart or even in the, any of the charts, you will see these dots on the side of the chart, okay? The dots. So, these dots here indicate that level and on the, just on the external part, I actually write down, like, for example, the three dots, you will see the word power there, right? The six dots, you will see the word intuition.

Five dots, you will see the word growth. Can you see that? So that determines the sectors or the specific aspects of your spiritual alignment. So there's one sector that has your intuition.

That's called your intuition palace. Where is that? Everyone, find out where that is. Is it your intuition palace? Southeast? East? Okay, how many of you are following? Type of one, right? Daniel Tan? Yeah? Ming Han? You got it? Yes? Okay.

So, some of you are, if you're looking at the manifesting calendar, you won't see Bs written out, of course. I'm talking about your achievement destiny palace. Right? So you see the eight different spiritual alignments.

So you have intuition, you have connection, power and all that. So, when different charts arrive on your destiny palace and the right combination, that's how manifesting works, right? Different day charts and hour charts as they align, they will help you unlock your intuition or unlock your ability to connect deeper into your soul or connect to power or connect to manifesting desire, right? Or connect to establishing foundations and stability. All different aspects.

You see how it works now? So when you want to manifest something, as I said, the Eastern way to manifest something in the Western perspective is quite different. In the Western perspective, you have all these affirmations and all that. In the Eastern side, it's a bit more sophisticated, right? So there are certain energy timeframes that enter into your palace, your destiny, where you can actually achieve this outcome in a much more easier way rather than trying to stay positive all the time.

Nothing wrong with staying positive all the time, it's just that it's easier if you follow a framework. So this is how it works, right? So you have eight, I'm going to have to speed this up a little bit because I've still got a lot more to cover, but I'll give you the gist of it. At any one point if you want to spend more time on any of these sections, just type me here and say, okay, I'll expand this and then I'll take note of your name, my team will take note of your name and I'll let you know if there's further workshops coming out.

Sometimes we always think about when we're on a team, whether we want to do a specific workshop, if you want to do that, eventually after this whole four or five part training, then we might be able to do that. Alright? So let us know. But this is, I'm going to give you the gist of it.

Here it goes. So you have eight levels effectively, level one to zero. On a survival level, the natural tendency is if you don't develop this spiritual ability, the natural tendency is always fear.

And a spiritual lesson that you have to learn eventually, it's about learning to trust. So part of the spiritual manifesting that you learn to level up your manifesting abilities, one has to train or you might have to train how to choose safety from within, not from circumstances. Right? And when you finally learn to finally understand that you're supported even when you can't see how, you will shift your frequency.

Okay? So there's a certain training, so some people might be at this because they are born at stage level one, survival, and so there's always this fear thing, there's a natural inclination to fear. Alright? Some of you might relate to it. Right? So that is how this level works.

Right? Now the level two, the desires, the natural tendency is always to want. That's what it means. Right? To want.

To want but not believe. That's the problem. Right? So the natural tendency without training, without spiritual training, not religious training, spiritual training, they always live in someday, someday I'll be successful, someday I'll be rich, someday I will get that Lamborghini, someday I'll be there.

So they are chronic wanters, chronic wishes. And so naturally they will be more inclined to external signs or validations right? To know that whether what they want is working. So their vibration always says, I don't have it yet but one day I will.

And this is the problem. It's just the desire. So to overcome this, the spiritual training, the achievement training that they need is, they have to learn to stop wanting proof.

And start embodying the energy. So desire isn't wrong but it must be paired with action and faith. And that is the thing that they need to learn.

So believing, that part requires a bit of training. I'm going to give you the gist of it so that they know how to align. The third one, your level three is about power.

And power means control. So the natural tendency is always about wanting to control how things work. And this is a challenge for them because they want to force outcomes.

They need the outcomes to happen the way they want it to happen. And so naturally these people are doers, they are achievers, they are hustlers. Oh I hustle.

I make things happen. They can manifest through willpower. Yes they can.

But they must learn, the spiritual lesson here is they must learn to receive. They must need to let go of the belief that everything requires enormous effort. And once they understand that ease, that letting things happen is not laziness, they are aligned.

Okay? And so that's the level three. Alright? Those at level four, connection. There's a tendency, the natural tendency is to be, to please and to overgive.

To please other people. So they manifest love and cooperation quite easily. Right? They're quite connected but they also absorb other people's energies.

They absorb how people feel. And this might dim their own energies, their own light. Right? So that could be the problem.

And to overcome this, their spiritual lesson has to, they must learn how to set energetic boundaries. And so when they learn that, they will be able to manifest the outcome through others, instead of focusing on vibrating truthfully or authentically or connecting to other people to feel other people's pain. It will be very different.

Okay? And those at level five is about growth. Right? The natural instinct is to overanalyze things and self-improve endlessly. They are the perpetual students.

Rarely celebrating how far they've come and achieved. They don't take stock. Right? Hard to appreciate self.

That's the problem. And so they must practice completion energy. Recognizing moments of being enough.

And that's the spiritual lesson. I'm being brief here. I'm just telling you how to level up.

In case you are in that level, how do you overcome it? And those at level six, they think they are naturally intuitive. Right? They drift. They over-trust the signs.

And sometimes they lose grounding. So they become fairies. Oh, you know, I feel the energy.

I feel healing energy. I feel disruptive energy. So they are deeply intuitive but they can escape into what we call spiritual bypassing.

They're always waiting for the divine to show them signs. Now, what these people need is anchoring. They need to anchor their intuition in action.

And that's part of the spiritual training. Okay? And then there's level seven, which they think, wow, I'm at the highest level. So at the highest level, it's probably too detached and they become above it all.

There's a superiority complex. So they will sometimes reject material goals and sometimes they will reject human needs. They are too into, alright, I'm above all this.

I'm in that spiritual path. I'm in that path of purification. I'm going to purify everything.

Right? So, it can be like that. So there's a kind of like a self-isolation. You're still living on earth, you know.

And no point being that divine, holy being, right? Well, it's nice to be that but you still live on earth. You still have needs, right? So you've got to remember embodiment, that being human is part of being divine. You should write this down.

Being human is part of divine. And manifesting for them means bringing soul purpose into physical world. That's what they need to learn.

Alright? And of course then there's the Tao level, right? They are beyond striving but they may also lose motivation or interest in doing because there's a neutral level. So, ah, no need to do, I'm in this peaceful life, you know. So they sort of like, oh, I don't need to be rich, I'm happy, right? The rich people are not happy.

No. You need to re-engage in playfulness. That part of being spiritual is about being playful and being happy too.

It's about loving the experience as a human being. How many of you agree with that type of one? Yeah? So now, this is a simple way, right? Of course, you can go deeper into this master blueprint, right? I'm just giving that general outlook now. Now, remember stage 2 is to amplify your universal command.

Alright? Amplify that universal command. And to do this when we are commanding, when we say we want to initiate a command, remember there are three things. You take note of this, yeah? Alright? First of all, you know that there are certain, if you go for higher star levels, alright, you can do that.

Second way is to use constellations. The third way is to use special treatment structures. This is why treatment manifesting is unique.

Okay? So take note of this. Higher star levels, constellations, and special structures. You will notice that the guided manifesting that I refer for you, I always refer to the level of the deity.

Okay? And I try to use level 6 and level 7 most of the time. And then I will choose certain constellations. And then I'll, and sometimes I will even choose the specific treatment structures.

And here's how it works, alright? By looking at these star levels right here. Okay? So this is a sample of a day chart. And you see, like here, you have a level 6 chief right here in the southwest.

And then you have a level 3 snake, level 2 phoenix, level 4 earth, level 5 night heavens. This is the day chart. And you see the day chart.

Most of the time we do manifesting is the day chart. Most of the time. Okay? Only at a higher level we use the hour chart.

And so, you may ask me, which one should I be using? For all beginners, use day chart. And when you're more advanced, use hour chart. How do you know you're ready? Well, you know when you know.

Right? When you're more familiar with Qimen, when you have further training, then you should use the hour chart. But for all beginners, the day chart is more than enough. Okay? So, now what happens is, this is how Qimen manifesting works.

Guys, pay attention. So we look at, so we look at where our wealth palace is. Let's say our destiny chart.

Here's an example. Right? So this is the Qimen destiny chart. I want you to look for wealth palace.

Okay? So there is a difference. Now the confusion usually, when people say, oh I'm confused, I'm confused, I'm confused. That is because Qimen charts look alike.

And there are some that is based on the data book which is called the Qimen destiny chart. And there are some that is based on the day which is called the Qimen day chart. Alright? I like to color code them.

So if you see this color, this is called the Qimen destiny. Usually there's one red label right here that says your destiny palace. And then the other labels, you will see where your other palaces are.

So in this case here, you see in this example here, zoom in. On your Qimen destiny chart, the one that is plotted by your date and time above. You see where the wealth palace is for example.

This one is in northeast. And so, when you look at the day, so this is an example of the day chart. And it so happens to be on the day chart that there's a seven star chief entering into the northeast.

You see that? So now when you overlap northeast with the seven, level seven chief to your chart which is in the northeast where you have your wealth palace, we call this the level seven chief entering wealth palace. Your wealth palace. So now, take a wild guess guys.

What do you think is most suitable for such a day for you to manifest? Wealth. Correct. You guys are super brilliant.

Very smart. Okay? So now you know where the level seven chief has entered to your wealth palace. Yes, I'm going to say that.

Yes, you're backing the northeast means you are in your own Qimen wealth palace. Yes, we'll come to that. But what I'm saying is on this day, when you issue a command for manifesting wealth, your chances of success is very high because the energies align with your wealth palace and you are commanding or manifesting an outcome that is related to wealth.

Did you get the idea here? Okay? So that's what it means. Yeah? So that's utilizing the star levels. Method one.

Method number two. What's method number two? 28 constellations. 28 constellations.

Okay? Now the 28 constellations are what we call cosmic energy. All forms of date selection. All forms of date selection in Chinese metaphysics utilizes the 28 constellations.

Okay? So this is super important. In fact, the stars that you see in the skies are just different names. Right? The constellations in the skies are the same for everybody on Earth.

It's just they have different names. So the 28 constellations are also known as the 28 lunar mansions. It's in fact, we call it cosmic energy that is related to that specific date.

So now of course, this is a long, long topic here. I will have to summarize the learning here. So on a day chart, you will see these boxes here.

Can you see it? Yeah? These here are called the 28 constellations of the day. So when you look at your Qimen Manifesting Calendar, do you know the Qimen Manifesting Calendar, guys? This one. Right? The Qimen Manifesting Calendar, the pages look like this.

Yeah? Just bring up a page here. Yeah? So this is today's chart, by the way. All right? So this is the calendar.

Now we have a sample already sent out to you so you can see that. If you don't know where it is, don't scream. Don't scream.

Just ask politely. All right? Can I just say this? We only have a few people, our team, they work tirelessly at this time of the night trying to answer your questions. The last thing they want is a screaming student.

Can everyone here type be kind? Yes. Thank you so much. Thank you.

All right? And we have no choice but to kick away the rude people, all right? Okay. So be kind. If you don't know where it is because you missed the previous lessons, there's somewhere in your telegram and whatever emails we've sent it before.

All right? So, okay. Now, the 28 constellations. Now how do you see that? Now I'll give you a simple summary here.

These are the 28 constellations. It's divided to green dragon group, the black tortoise group, the white tiger, red phoenix. So you know when metaphysics always say green dragon, white tiger, red phoenix, and black tortoise, well they are actually constellations in the skies.

Okay? So here's the thing. Here's the shortcut for you guys to learn this. The green dragon group, which consists of horn, neck, foundation, house, heart, tail, and basket constellations.

These seven of them really facilitates your wish fulfilling. Almost all creation that you want to manifest, that you want to command for a certain reality to come, using any of these seven usually gets you the outcome. Okay? Heart, tail, basket, neck, horn, especially your constellation of horn to dispel negativity, to remove illness, to remove problems.

Horn is great for it. Okay? So each of these has a special ability but you can't go wrong with the green dragon group. This group.

Got it? Okay? I'm gonna keep things simple for now. Alright? There will be other workshops and lessons that go deeper into the 28 constellations but right now you're just beginners so we'll start with this. Alright? So for example, if you have chief in your destiny palace, if on a day where you have a green dragon constellation arriving.

Now for example, if your destiny palace is in the northeast. Doesn't matter what deity you have. But on a specific day where you see the horn and the chief.

This is a day chart by the way. This purple one here is the day chart. On a specific day, the horn and the chief enters into the northeast.

That means you have a horn constellation together with chief entering into your destiny palace. That's a great day for manifesting. Okay? You don't have to do manifesting every day but if this is the day that you want to be manifesting career, your wealth, or something about your future.

Remember destiny palace talks about rewriting the future? Well if you wanna do that, this is a great day for it because there's a green dragon constellation as well as the chief entering into your destiny palace. So yes, the formality is backing to your destiny palace which in this case is northeast. So guys, when you look at your daily charts, every day, as long as you have different palaces, you could manifest different things.

And the topic is usually related to the type of palace that you are focusing on. There's family, there's health, there's karmic palace, there's wealth palace, there's property palace and so forth. You see where I'm going with this? How many of you understand the drift here? Type of one.

Yeah? You understand, right? I'm giving you the big picture. This is called based on the 28 constellations which is method number 2. Got it? Let me give you one more example just in case. So here, in this case here, you have the destiny palace in the east sector.

Alright? And then you have on a certain day, this is the day chart, that's the foundation constellation entering to the east. Great. And foundation is part of the green dragon group.

And then you have chief. green dragon group is a group, there's a question here, right? Green dragon, it's not the green dragon star, it's a green dragon group of constellations. There's 7 of them.

Okay? So, in my charts, you can see that there's a logo, there's a picture of a dragon right in the bottom. So if you see this picture, zoom in guys, zoom in. Yeah? You see this little logo here below the word foundation, this little picture, this icon, that's the dragon.

So you see any of these guys entering into a palace of significance, right? Any of the health for example, family or whatever you're manifesting, it's a pretty good time to do, manifest that specific subject. Okay? So every day, there's a certain usage. Alright? You get it, right? Now the third way, which is one of my favourite ways to do it, but this takes a bit more time to learn, it's called Special Qimen Structures.

It's called Special Qimen Structures, guys. Alright? Now let me explain what they are. Special Qimen Structures such as that's the top tree, we call it the Precious Tree.

Sam Po, Sam Po is the Precious Tree. The first one here is called Qing Long Fan Shao, the Green Dragon Returns. This is the one of the most famous Qimen formations, Qing Long Fan Shao.

Which means all in favour of you. Everything, the universe conspires to work in favour of you. As long as you desire, you take the action, you win.

This is a winning formation. The second one, I'll go deeper into it, let me explain. The second one is called Fei Liu Tit Yue, Flying Bird Fall Into Cave.

Fei Liu Tit Yue. Shortcut called Flying Bird. Okay, this is where opportunities land on your lap.

They just come to you. These are the most favourable formations. These first two.

First one is what? Green Dragon Returns. Qing Long Fan Shao. You can get this.

You're 90% winning. Fei Liu Tit Yue means somehow the opportunity lands. This is about opportunities.

The third one is called Yuk Lui Sau Mun, The Jade Maiden Guarding the Door. Jade Maiden Guarding Door formation. Jade Maiden Guarding Door allows you to turn a dire situation or a disadvantaged situation into a positive outcome.

It's strategically turning things around. It's turning the bad situation into something good. So it's one of the most favourable formations as well.

Yuk Lui Sau Mun, No evil can attack you in these three formations. We call this Sam Po. Alright? The Three Precious in Qimen.

But they're not all of it. There are other powerful formations such as Real Deception, Double Deception, Nobility Deception, Double Deception. One of my favourites is when, you know, in this world, there are some people who are jealous of you who really want to cause harm.

I mean, not everyone is like that. Do you agree there are some people out there that are not exactly, you know, the most kindest? Yes. Right? They send negative energies to you.

I'm not saying everybody knows that. There's a small percentage of people who are jealous. And jealous people is like, is this how it works, right? Jealous people is like, not only that you have something that they don't have.

That's just 50% of it. The other 50% is, you remind them of the goals that they originally wanted to achieve and they couldn't and then they felt the pain and they put the blame on you. So that's why they're jealous.

Okay? So they want to do what you can do but because they didn't do it and you're ahead of them and they now want to bring you down to their level. Those are the jealous people. And sometimes they take action and they send negative energy.

Their ill intention is what caused this problem. It's quite, sometimes it's possible especially when you have a low period of your life and your energy level is a bit lower. It is possible for jealous enemies to take advantage and take some of your energy.

That requires a different process of achievement to protect yourself. We call it consecration technique. How many of you are interested in learning that? Maybe in part 4 I can address a little bit about this.

You've got to remind me because I'm a bit off track right now but that's how it works in a class. Consecration. Type in on consecration.

If I remember this we'll talk about it in part 4. Anyway. So double deception is when someone sends you negative energy you return twice the negative back to them plus interest. That's the power of double deception.

How many of you need this formation right now in your life? That you want to return all this evil back to them. You don't want to harm them but since they send it to you you'll double it up and send it back to them. How many of you would like to do that for some bad people that really really is trying to take you down? Only a small percentage of bad people will do that.

Alright? So this is how special formations work. There's nobility deception there's you have Empyrean force Empyrean force right? Where all the heavenly matters favour you blessings that come right? Then there's terrestrial force we call this mastering the opportunities in environment then there is mortal force yang ton getting people to support you so many different formations in Qimen these are some of them alright? Dragon force tiger force mystic force phantom force wind force and cloak force we call this gau ton gau ton is nine dun so Qimen dun jia the word dun relates to this as in special formations the nine cosmic forces deploy any of them to win in any pursuit that you want and how do you do that? Well part 3 is about special Qimen structures that you wait for this timing on the day or the hour that lands a specific area of your Qimen destiny chart okay? so how do you do that? well how many of you would like to learn how to do this? alright okay here's a simple way alright? I'm gonna show you there's a hard way and easy way which one you prefer? hard or easy? type type type nah you cheeky fella you want both ya? alright which one you want? come on you want easy okay naturally most people want easy except for some doofus here who was on the hard way but I'll teach you the hard way first alright? so the hard way is that you need to first understand what forms a green dragon return formation so a green dragon return formation the hard way is you need to recognize that there is a jia and ping formation the stem jia ping every time you see a jia ping on the chart you will see dragon return so whenever you see jia and ping jia is usually where the chief is there chief that means when chief is on the side that means jia is hidden on this box that's why you see a small tiny jia and below is ping you will see green dragon return okay? so that is the more official way that you have to plot the chart you see that then you will get this outcome now there is a slightly easier way that you could see this right? so generally you just flip the 365 achievement 365 calendar or any achievement charts for that matter now this format that you see is unique to the JobyUp school I know that there is some bootleg versions of that out there right? but if they don't follow this they are missing the point right? if they follow then they are bootleg for me right? because I'm the one that created this jia so if you turn to this page for example right? this is the day chart page look at part 4 and you will see that that is the hour hour box right? so if you zoom into the hour box it will tell you exactly which hour has special formations and you will see that the green dragon return it will say here right? GD green dragon in the west in the ping wu hour when you see ping wu which is firehorse hour and then you have ping wei which is 1pm to 3pm you will also see the west has green dragon return for that specific hour so it saves you time right? straight away you know that and in fact you will know straight away that there is a flying bird formation in the north between 7pm to 9pm in the north saves you a lot of time alright? so this is the thing okay where to get the manifesting calendar we'll talk about that later now do what you have you can do the hard way learn to plot the chart by hand right? or use the software look at the day charts and see where it is or there is a shortcut okay? either way it's achievable alright? just don't be lazy laziness costs money okay? there's a price to pay for being lazy alright? okay or there's an even easier way super super easy how many of you already have access to the achievement explorer? order cancelled this is special for those who have already got access to the achievement explorer how many of you got that? nice alright cool Melissa Nicole Rachel Olivia Bennett you got access alright did you know that there's a function? you didn't know? alright let me show you let me show you alright so here's the function right? so there's a function here on strategies click on strategies alright there's a button here strategies okay? again some of you I know it's locked that's because you didn't upgrade to that level there is an opportunity for you to do that if you want if not then just listen first for now alright? come on gotta be fair I gotta talk to those who already have it alright? so those who have access to it you obviously sign up for this level then you get that click on the strategies and you see on the calendar here this is the calendar page right? and you go to the structure and just run your mouse to what you want green dragon return for example alright click green dragon return and then which palace do you want to see it in your chart? so once you identify the palace that you want to see in your chart alright? for example your career palace you want to see when does a green dragon return enter your career palace you click enter voila it will highlight the dates in that specific month when that specific formation will enter your career palace easy easy easy okay? so in fact you have all the formations what you need to do is just learn what formation does what and then have your own calendar prepared and you know exactly which date to manifest for what outcomes right? you can have specific formations for your health for specific formations for selling a property whatever it is it's all there that's what it means alright? so that's the shortest way is to use the explorer alright? let my team know if you're interested in taking the next step further right? how because the software requires some learning as well you gotta learn how to use QMEN first right? because software just makes the chart plotting easy but you still have to learn QMEN so what I've just covered here guys alright? I'm gonna move along here are the three ways to amplify your universal command that's how you do manifesting okay? now are you ready for the next lesson? let's go deeper alright? because the core of this training is to write the perfect QMEN command alright? so let's get to that point alright? okay? are we getting there? tell me what you guys are good alright? I'm gonna take a sip of water yeah? okay so how do you write the perfect QMEN command? so it requires five steps there are five steps to this ready? okay here they are the first one is activate define amplify secure and seal five steps to activate means you need to open up the connection okay? you will notice that we do this even in the cleansing command right? to connect to and open the connection to the energies without this part you can't successfully manifest that's not a good command number two is when you define and program the reality that you want what is it that you want to rewrite? and then you need to amplify it a little bit right? you gotta expand and reach out to what's the new level right? and then you gotta lock in the energies alright? you gotta be the energy that's securing and finally you need to close the energy field and claim the completion so it's a five step process okay? now each one of this can be broken down to deeper levels but I just want to show you how this generally works out alright? so a bad example let's start with a bad example so here's a bad example of manifesting command right? so here's it listen to the bad version first here's your command right? a bad version I really hope the universe and the chief deity can help me attract money soon please give me money things have been slow and I'm getting tired of struggling please let some good opportunities show up for me maybe a new client or someone who wish to invest in my business I'm open to anything that will make my life easier and help me earn what I deserve I know abundance is possible for me if it's meant to be maybe the universe will bless my efforts and remove any blocks that are stopping me from being successful thank you universe for all the blessings that are coming my way thank you you will get nothing out of this it's not a command it's just a wish okay? in fact nothing will come out of that maybe if you do it a million times something might come out but definitely not so how should you do it? you need to follow the five steps first you need to activate so activate means what? instead of saying that I wish I hope the universe and the chief they did say this I command the chief to mobilize all forces of prosperity and expansion within my field leadership clarity and decisive moment awaken in me now I command I activate I connect or I command a connection to the void constellation the basket constellation the heart constellation command it activate it so you're going to address the energies that are on that chart that lands onto your destiny palace your day chart or that achievement chart okay then you need to define so instead of saying you know things have been slow I'm getting tired of struggling please let some good opportunities show up for me you're gonna say every opportunity that builds my wealth reveals itself with precision and timing perfect in my favor and ideas shall translate into strong results and actions attract aligned partnerships and profitable outcomes as of now okay and then you go to amplify you're gonna say my influence expands naturally and chief you should help me expand my world to reach to the right people to the right markets and the right spaces and the more I lead the more value multiplies around me that's amplify okay and then you need to secure you don't want to say oh may the universe bless my efforts and all that or remove any blocks no you're saying chief you should make all income streams grow consistent compounding and reliable wealth anchors firmly under my command supporting freedom stability and my family's comfort and in return I should do more for society I should expand career for other people and I'll do more for others than they can do for themselves now do you have the law of equivalent exchange here that's how you secure the deal because you're making a payment remember alright and finally you got to seal the deal you say you know I full command of this creation and what I said is active and expanding this reality is grounded and prosperous and complete and so it is that's closing the command okay so it's super important that you realize that there's always an activating the first part there's always a defining there's always amplifying there's always secure secure means you're going to lock it in by law of equivalent exchange what are you exchanging for this okay remember the gap the maximum price you're willing to pay alright it's pretty much this and then you seal the deal you close the command with clarity and presence no leaks no waiting and shit alright this is important you got to get this that's right alright so for activating never say because guys pay attention here guys are you following me so far type of one Juan Miguel yeah you good type of one still following still here should I continue yeah okay so the purpose of activating is to open the field and summon and connect the deity energies and the constellations so you cannot say please do not even say the word please don't say the word I hope alright so maybe this don't say that and don't ever forget to call the deity's energies you command it okay there's no begging you do not need to plead the moment you plead it's end game for you game over because you don't beg your heart to beat you do not beg your kidneys to work you do not beg your liver to do your detox for you it just works because it's part of you okay you do not do oh please liver detox please heart continue to beat no it's just part of you alright how often have you thanked your left hand for functioning right will it like just swinging around oh no it's out of control my left hand is out of control what should I do no you're in control right you don't beg your left hand or your right hand do shit you just work you expect it to work alright your manifestation should be part of that alright the energy field does not respond to begging or doubt just know that that's the thing alright now you cannot use words like I want to I will have or soon right you're mixing too many ones that's you put it too much in the future alright and so your energy flows where attention goes you must remember that so focusing on lack will always keep lack active so you cannot define it that way alright so amplifying means you cannot control the how right you cannot control you cannot force a sail now that's wrong alright you cannot say I need this fast or I will fail you cannot do that right because over control blocks the heavenly energies to orchestrate faster logic faster than your logic can okay so you don't want to control the outcome just expand the outcome that's what you should do alright and when I say secure you gotta mention alright to I gotta pay for this right secure means I'm paying for it so you pay through exchange of energy the law of equivalent exchange says you gotta give something to get something so what will you do usually if you're gonna help someone with your time resources and money that's why a lot of spiritual places they take donations and after you feel you donated you feel really good because you have an exchange some people cannot donate they buy flowers they bring fruits right they light a candle well that's sort of exchange of energy alright not always lighting a candle works but it's a form of exchange of energy but sometimes it's through the faster way is through actions through actually doing something alright and of course you gotta seal the deal by not don't do emotional fluff like oh thank you universe please make this happen I believe it will come you're the greatest ever alright listen the divine energy is not susceptible to your false praise alright this is you don't praise the wave right the current is gonna work whatever right the wind is gonna blow anyway regardless of whether you're praying to the wind or the rain right so gratitude before commission dilutes authority alright so this is very important so what you're trying to say is basically you affirm it right you have positive anticipation moving forward by awakening to the new that's what you need to do alright so this is in a nutshell the perfect command right so you remember the steps once again activating define amplify secure what's secure once again the law of equivalent exchange and then you seal the deal okay so that is how you write this out so here's another example say oh I will manifest the right relationships you know please universe bring me someone who truly loves me I'm so lonely I'm tired of being alone I'm meeting the people who doesn't appreciate me I just want someone kind, stable and loyal please the ones before I hope the right person might find me quickly because I'm ready to settle down I let them see my worth and treat me right this time and I believe I deserve love and I'm open to whatever the universe wants from me listen this is wishful thinking and you will never get that outcome so how do you get the outcome well first you activate command six harmony I command the six harmony to activate the alignment of partnership and love within my field of influence I command the six harmony together with the horn constellation or foundation constellation whichever is in your chart to activate my energy field and radiate clarity warmth and confidence

in equal measure. And every interaction, amplified, every interaction refines the signal of who I am and what I'm ready for. And the world reflects my readiness, my presence attracts that stability and shared growth. 

And I'll secure it. And this relationship is also going to benefit the other person. The other person or the person that is connected to me will become a better human being, will achieve his or her goals, will be able to live happier as I will be the activator of that person's happiness. 

And we shall build trust together and equal kindness and steady love. And I shall give first and in return receive multiples of that. So you see, you're paying the price. 

You gotta pay the price. You gotta have love to offer, you know. I mean, who the fuck wanna love you if you are someone that, oh, you know, I'm just like so miserable but I need someone to complete my life because my life is incomplete. 

Listen, you're not there to take, you're there to give. So you don't come from scarcity, you come from abundance. You see the difference? Now seal the deal, right? So you seal the deal and say, right, this union is active, is now active, anchored and alive through the activation of six harmonies and whichever constellations and let it be so and proceed with your life. 

And go out there and give love and you shall receive love. Okay? That's how it works. So you gotta understand the law of equivalent exchange. 

All right, guys? Cool? All right. Now, to secure this, to make sure that this works well for you, you gotta do some homework. All right? How many of you guys, I know if it's school, you don't like homework. 

How many of you feel that doing some work here will help you anchor this like for real? Yeah? Okay. So go to this page and download your assignment. Go to this page right now and download assignment and load it into Facebook. 

This is super important. Please do this because this is the transformational thing. If you do this, you have that realization, you will close the gap, you'll understand what you need and you will write a better, more powerful command. 

The perfect command. You follow through these questions basically to help you answer what's the gap between where you are and where you want to be. Because this actually quantifies the problem, the size of this problem and the gap. 

And you could quantify this in dollars and cents if you find it hard to quantify it in abstract terms. Because usually numbers are more, you know, is factual. So if you quantify in dollar values, it's actually easy. 

I prefer to do that. And then ask yourself this, if you feel that gap, what would that open up for you? This is important because that tells you how important this is, right? If you unlock this, what is the true version of yourself that you will achieve when you get that love? When you actually eradicate that illness from you. How would that life, how would life be? What happens if you're really cured? What happens if you really got the love that you want? What happens then? What happens if your career really continues? What happens then? What happens then? Describe it please. 

What happens then? Is that good? Sometimes we lose track of that, right? And what happens if you don't close that gap in the next six months? What if you don't? What's the price you're paying? This is important. If there's no urgency, if there's no real consequence, this perfect command, you will not be able to activate it because there's no definition to it. Right? It's not urgent. 

It doesn't matter. If it comes, it comes. That's why it's not happening.

So if you don't get this within the next months, is it going to hit you in the pocket? Right? Would you lose that relationship? Would you deteriorate? Would you actually, when you don't become better, would your family be better? If you don't become wealthy, can you take care of your mom who's aging? Can you take care of your parents? Can you take care of your kids if you don't improve? That's in the six months, right? Think about it. And what's the maximum you'd invest to closing this gap? That part is important to secure the deal. Right? You may say some $200. 

$200. Then you can't expect an enormous change. I mean, come on, right? $200 will change your life, really. 

Right? What's the maximum you really think? If all this thing could close, what's the maximum? You guys type it. Priya. Right? Jose. 

Sophie. $2,000. Okay. 

$10,000. Wow. What's this? $100,000. 

Wow. I appreciate that you say that because, well, at least now you know how important closing this gap is. Sometimes you got to not be afraid to write the number.

All right? If you could make all these problems go away, is that really worth the price? That's the law of equivalent exchange. Okay? And by the way, there's a price to pay to be successful. There's also a price to pay to be not successful. 

There's a price to pay for good health. There's bigger price to pay for bad health. You know that, right? To be sick is worse. 

Now, I just want to tell you this. Something special for part four, which is coming soon. You got to not miss part four. 

Because I told you, remember this? This is the Achievement Academy. The entire training, which is worth $1,997. Well, I still haven't announced how you can get this for free yet.

So if you want to know how, you got to be in part four. Okay? This entire training itself, the entire signature event, the Achievement Academy. All right? So it's going to be something special happening in part four. 

And these four books here, the deities, the doors, the stars, the stamps, these four books, this package here, which is new, is a $500 value. There's an opportunity for you. You might be able to get this for free if you go through part four. 

But first, you got to do your homework. Okay? If you don't do your homework, then there's no chance. No chance at all. 

So that's why part four is super important. Now also, I want to address the white elephant in the room. Traditionally, every time we've reached to part four, I will be talking about an opportunity for you to take the next step and join us in a training program. 

Okay? No surprises there. All right? Everybody knows that after four parts of free training, some of you might want to take the next step. Again, for those of you who are not interested, it's absolutely okay. 

It's fine. All right? You get whatever free training that you can get from here, and I hope your life will transform for the better. And in some time when you're ready, you can always join us. 

But for some of you who are already prepared since last year or the year before, and you knew that this is the time that you want to take the next step forward, I just want to make a very, very quick announcement today. In preparation of part four, because usually when the frenzy begins, some people will say, you know, I didn't get this bonus or that or this, you know, what is a full package or whatever. So I just want to make a very short five-minute thingy here so that nobody misses out when we actually open the enrollment in part four. 

And yes, it is a new training. Just so you know. And we've never done this type of training that we've done before. 

I'm not going to announce every details in part four. Now, what I'm about to do here right now, just before we call it a day and recap, you know, what we've done today. The last time I did this pre-enrollment was in 2020. 

Okay. And it's sort of like guarantees all the bonuses, including all the limited ones, because you guys already know that, you know, I want to take that next step further, but I don't know what package is it right now. All right. 

So that's why I call this the leap of faith. And let me tell you what the leap of faith is about. All right. 

Was it 1999? 1997 to be precise. This is like, wow, almost 30 years ago. So I was in Sydney. 

And at some point my friend said, let's go for skydiving. I'm like, skydiving? Okay. Yeah. 

Let's go skydiving. So I was like, I mean, hikes is not my thing. How Yeah. 

I couldn't, I mean, most things I could do, but, uh, doing that is the next level. So somehow my friends, uh, might convince me to do skydiving, you know, even the tandem sort of dive, you know, that flight, right. That flight, that dodgy little plane that they're, they're, they're taking off from, you know, wherever. 

And then on the way up, they say, all right, we're now 10,000 feet and in 12,000, and finally they reach 15,000. And so at that point, the, uh, the, the pilots say, okay, we're ready. And then the back of the plane open up like this.

All right. And then we were there, we were strapped on. And seriously, at that time, I could literally feel the fear from my entire body. 

All right. I, I questioned my, my life decisions at that point. What the fuck did I do that? Right. 

But then my friend was like, oh, you know, you're going to jump. And even he was quiet at the time. Okay. 

So we were there and now, you know, we have to, we're standing right at the edge. Right. And so we have, I have to lift my legs and just hang on to, um, that, that guy who's strapped me to his, his chest. 

Right. Because it's a tandem dive. But even so looking down, it's so freaking scary. 

Right. You could see like the edge of the, the, the earth, the curve, right. So far away. 

And I'm really questioning my life decisions at that point. And then I say, all right, get ready. Count to three. 

And I go one, two, and the guy just jumped. Right. Because he knew if you count to three, I'll be grabbing onto something.

So he's jump. And that fear, that immense fear at that moment. And as we took off, I tumble, I turn. 

And then suddenly I look at the horizon. It's so beautiful. All the fear disappeared.

So beautiful. That ride down. Wow. 

I don't know, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. I don't know how it feels like, but that parachute down, it's an experience of a lifetime. So my point is this. 

Sometimes just before taking an enormous leap, it's a lot of fear. But the moment you take that leap, everything is beautiful. So I call this the leap of faith. 

And, uh, I did this, um, um, very special pre-opening back in 2020. And a lot of people took the leap of faith. And so the leap of faith works like this. 

You guys don't know what the enrollment package is right now. You don't know. You don't know, but you have been with me long enough to know that it's going to be super good.

One of the best Qimen trainings ever. You don't know. There's anticipation that is coming.

And I only reviewed it in part four of our training. Okay. And to see what is the new enrollment package is like. 

So right now, all I can say is it's great. All right. So if you want to take this leap of faith with me, right. 

You trust me and my team enough. You've been with me for some years now. Of course, if you're new, then please don't take it. 

All right. Because you don't even know me yet or well enough, but if you're already been here, you've been through some of my other trainings before you have been in my team, you're connected with us, and you know that it's going to be the best ever. Then take this leap of faith right now to join me in this new training. 

I'm not going to announce the name yet. Now, for those of you who are taking the leap of faith, here's something extra for you guys. All right. 

Tomorrow at Malaysia time, 1pm to 2pm. That's tomorrow. Okay. 

So I believe you understand it's about 12 hours difference. I'm going to conduct a very special training called the Qimen Forbidden Tactics. Now in Qimen, there are certain things that when we are learning from our teachers back in those days, they always say, oh, Qimen cannot be taught to people who are not worthy, because there's a chance that you might use all this for, you know, not so good intentions. 

So these are called the 13 forbidden tactics. Now, I won't be able to address all 13 tactics, but I'll address some of them. These forbidden tactics, for example, the power of seduction. 

There is a certain dark method of Qimen. Again, I'm not teaching you to use this. I'm teaching you how it is done, and maybe you could prevent it being used on you. 

Some of you might want to do it. Okay, don't abuse it, right? But how to use the power of seduction to compel some people, and how do you avoid it? Some people might be using it on you, and you just hopelessly become obsessed with someone. You don't even know why you fall in love with that person, because they use this, the Qimen power of seduction. 

You see, Cleopatra used it. Maybe not in the Qimen style, but women back in those days, right, is able to pull an entire, run an entire empire, bring men down to their knees. It's called the power of seduction. 

It's a very high-level technique. Empress Dowager, right? She also managed to do that. I mean, she came from a very ordinary class of Manchu back in the day, and she rose to the most powerful position in China, power of seduction. 

So, at least learn how to prevent it. This is called the forbidden tactics, and in Qimen, historically, there are 13 forbidden tactics of Qimen. So, I want to address some of this. 

This is an additional knowledge that if you want to learn in Qimen, I thought it's quite an interesting topic to add in. So, it's outside of the syllabus, and if you'd like to, I will include this as a very special sort of a kick-off meeting, a kick-off Zoom meeting tomorrow we have. This is for those who are taking the leap of faith.

Some time ago, I think, Kenny, how many years ago? This is just after the pandemic. So, it's for about 20 plus people at that time, right? So, we did a program called, it's not exactly called Qimen Manifesting Masterclass, but it was actually that. And so, this is a compilation of all those lessons and techniques that I've done before. 

But this book here is no longer in production. It's no longer in production. But I have something better, and I will announce that in our part four of the training. 

And it's something related to this, that is the new thing that is upcoming. And so, if you guys want to take the leap of faith to enroll in that new training, you can do it right now. Because the leap of faith basically means whatever we are launching, which is related to what I just showed you, and have all the limited bonuses, as well as the t-shirt, then join us for the, just take the leap of faith, okay? Otherwise, it's fine. 

We'll talk more about what the new training is in our part four of our training after the entire lesson. Okay? All right, is it cool? All right, the leap of faith button is there somewhere, and the link and all that. So, take that if you can, all right? No worries. 

Just to secure all the bonuses, if you will. Okay? All right, anyway. Anyway, for those of you who, you know, I don't want to take the leap of faith, then it's fine, all right? I'll see you in part four. 

And don't forget, today is the last day you could actually sign up for the gold pass, if you have not already done so. Please join us for the gold pass to actually get the replays, and the AI multi-language translations, and the dedicated Q&As to answer specific questions that you may have. All right? So, this is the gold pass. 

Get the gold pass, guys. All right? At least get the gold pass. It's just 47 bucks. 

All right? Okay. Now, as usual, I'm going to do an unplugged session after this on Telegram. Unplugged means, you know, we can talk about whatever topic, or just have a casual chit-chat on Telegram. 

I'm going to have a glass of water. They're going to wrap things up here. You know, staff had to go home, but I can still be on Telegram with you to have a chit-chat. 

Okay? If you're not on Telegram, go to it now, all right? In the next five, ten minutes or so, we'll do an unplugged over there. Okay? Otherwise, thank you so much for being with us for part three. I'll see you at part four. 

Don't miss part four. Do your homework, all right? And ready for the last and final bit for the Achievement Manifesting Framework. I'll see you there. 

Bye-bye. My name is Ethan. I'm actually from Malaysia. 

I'm an Accounting and Finance graduate. I started out as an accountant doing audit work and doing financial reporting. Subsequently, I transitioned into doing project management, as well as the strategic and business planning. 

I actually started following him since 2014. Back then, he is the one who did the workshops physically in Ming Valley office. Quite an experience when you're looking back. 

It's a privilege to learn from him, even through workshops. Before I joined the achievement club, I attended some of the tribes in the early years. During the tribe, he actually shared about the Human Trade Victory application. 

I actually did some experiments on it. I actually have a rental unit that I would like to put out in the market, and the desire to rent the unit is actually on the higher market price. Most of the vendor agents say it's not possible, so we listed it, and I did a achievement manifest through the victory application. 

After we manifest, we actually managed to rent out the unit at the price that we want, which is essentially around 30% above the market. I would say it's a very good example of how achievement helps us in a not so difficult and complicated way. Just apply Achievement Trade Victory, personalise to yourself, and it works.

I did a manifest with Achievement Singapore during a manifestation walk-off back in June or July. I actually managed to do that. I wanted to do a sharing on the Joriat platform. 

So after my manifest, I was actually being approached by Team Joriat Singapore last week to do a sharing in their mid-autumn gathering. I was surprised that they asked me, so I actually immediately booked a ticket to Singapore and did my sharing with Team Joriat Singapore. The manifestation, it doesn't happen overnight. 

It takes me a while, but I think recently I managed to get a bit better off than last time. Eventually, as we progressed, I started to embark on this achievement club journey. The intuition starts to open up. 

Not only that, I actually met a lot of great people, new friends, like-minded people, the community. So I think to do achievement, part of the major thing is not only to learn, but it's to practice and to support each other. The other thing I enjoy learning from Mr. Tung is direct sharing. 

The way he shares, he really shows how he applies on his real-life experience being in his business. It will be a rewarding journey. Actually, seeing how he progressed, it actually inspired me and a lot of people as well.

Knowing him actually, I learned a lot of new things, life experiences that I never thought I would be able to go through. I think if you're interested to find out about Chinese metaphysics or you want to know what lies behind your life destiny, Dr. Jirayu is the person to go to. Hi, everyone. 

Kerwin here. I wanted to leave this message for everyone. A big thank you to Joey Yap and his team. 

I went through the daily manifestation, the free webinar. At the end, Joey Yap put out an incredible offer. Now, without going too much into it, my situation is unfortunately, a lot of things are crumbling, not really working out. 

Marriage is falling apart, going through the divorce, the moving and all of that. Not saying that as a sob story. What it is, is at the end, with the offer of basically $2,000 for $11,000 worth of stuff, I figured, let me give it a shot. 

Let me see. Joey Yap put out instructions on how to manifest for a sponsor. That was for the day before yesterday. 

I used it. I used the right direction, which was the southwest, backed it. I went through all of the instructions. 

I did the command. I summoned the deity and said, manifest for me a sponsor so that I can take part in this program, so that I can transform my life and be of better service and better impact on the life of those lives that I can touch. I did. 

After that, now, I had purchased the book previously of the evidential occurrences. I figured, you know what? Let me see what it says. I looked up the doors, what the door was in that sector. 

It said that the evidence to look for is you travel two to 12 kilometers, or in my case, it would be miles. If you see someone mourning the loss of a loved one, then you know it will come true. I jumped in my car, drove in the direction of southwest. 

About five miles in, I saw a sign. Literally, it was a handwritten sign posted on the telephone pole saying, lost dog. Immediately, the intuition in me screamed and said, that's it.

I had to think about it. Is that really someone mourning the loss? Yeah, it's a lost dog. It's the loss of a loved one. 

I was excited. Three hours later, I put out the message. Obviously, earlier, I put out the message as soon as I got back. 

Then, three hours later, I had someone come on and sponsor the whole amount so that I can take part of the program. I'm super excited. I'm so happy to see the results already. 

I can't wait to get into the deeper parts of the program and start making some real change. Joey Yap, I appreciate everything that you're doing, bringing these traditions to light. I know it's a lifelong passion of yours.

It's doing great work. For everyone on the team, you guys are amazing. I look forward to doing a lot more with you guys.

Hi, I'm Ryan. I'm currently living in Malaysia. Currently, I am in the F&B industry.

I'm currently an owner manager for a cafe right now. I basically do day-to-day work with managing the team, making sure the operations are all doing very well. During that time also, Joey Yap, he did treatment for fasting. 

For them to ask very specific questions, and what is the next plans to move forward to, that is where I first found out about treatment. That really intrigued me because it really felt like, because Chinese metaphysics is always very, had this kind of reputation where it's always forecasting about your life, where it's like, oh, you have tendencies to be like this, you are more likely to be like this kind of person, or if not, then you can concentrate on phase here to get something better. So, to have it in such a different way, where you are able to strategize and plan things step by step, was what really intrigued me about treatment. 

That's how I really learned about treatment. I also did use treatment, treatment manifesting, and I just won the Malaysia Open Barista Championship this year. For me specifically, I used a lot of manifesting to try and manifest skills to help me win, rather than just the wins itself. 

So, that really helped me open up, and I can basically say that was kind of the key point in which it kind of like roller coaster, snowball into all the other opportunities this year, where I basically, using the help of treatment also helped me have other opportunities for me to open up. But I think overall, the overall message and what he's trying to deliver, and the overall big picture that he's trying to send, is also very straightforward, very intuitive in that sense now. Like, what he's trying to say, like, in forecasting, they, outcome, produce, counter, this, like, or produce, if the outcome produce you, good. 

If outcome counter you, no good. It's basically something like that. But then, when it goes into something a little bit more specific, then it's a little bit more confusing.

But I think overall, the lessons were easily applicable. It's still everyday life, we should maybe go through a little bit quicker. So, so, so, so,

Oh nice, thank you so much for joining us once again. And this is our part four, the final part of our Achievement Manifesting Framework training. You guys having a great time here? Type of one if you guys are having a great time.

Okay, now I have of course looked through the, so many channels right, the Facebook group, Telegram groups and I hope you guys have been participating as well. I mean some of you guys, I mean all over the place right, Facebook group, Telegram channels, some are logging to my Instagram channel and tagging me as well, that's really awesome. Yeah so, so much to cover right, so much to cover and I also seen some of your questions. 

Let me see if I can go through some very quickly. Okay, all right and anyway this is our summary of our four parts once again. Just in case now, I assume that you guys have, were with me and my team from part one, which started on 22nd of October until today, which is the final part right. 

But if you have missed everything, every day I send out a summary right, I send a summary of the, every time after we finish one of our trainings. Did you guys actually see that summary? Type of one if you did. It's sent on email okay, it's sent on email and I wish to say this very clearly, we send email to everybody, nobody is left out. 

But if you did not receive it, it is 100% your spam okay, because our system is automated. The moment I did the video, we just send it out. Unless of course you registered last minute, then it might take a little bit of time. 

But yes, everybody receives the email, so I would suggest that you look through your spam filter, because we send that through all right. Okay, so today is the co-creating destiny right, this is the part after you finish the perfect command and co-creating destiny. This is what we're going to talk about, mastering the art of reality bending and engineering the outcomes consciously and cosmically for a better life.

Okay, yes Samuel. All right, nice. Ella, thank you. 

Now, oh yes, I need to of course congratulate all of you guys, those of you who have taken the leap of faith. A couple of days ago when me and my team announced the, there is a new training program that we're going to announce at the end of today. Yeah, and you guys should listen to it, because it's super cool. 

I mean, you guys don't even know the full enrollment package yet, but you know, you took that leap of faith and joined us. And by the way, did you enjoy the special session that we had on the special training? Good, thank you so much. It was great to see you guys there.

Now, let's give a big shout out to all the newest members who jumped in, and that decision was huge guys. So, thank you so much. You didn't just join a training program, you guys joined a movement, and you made that leap, and you unlock your next level. 

And you are not going to do this alone, because breakthroughs follow behavior, and momentum always follows action, and energy and response to boldness. So, you guys are definitely in for a treat. Later on today, I will be talking about what is that new enrollment, new training program that I think will be totally transformational. 

And here's a short summary of it. Whatever I am going to disclose at the end of our training today is for the next level up. Again, I know some of you are not going to join it. 

It's fine, but learn as much as you can, because I truly believe in helping you first. And some of you guys, this is not your first time attending one of my free events, right? And you're here for the third time, fourth time, and that's why you're ready to enroll, because you have experienced the transformation. So, we give a lot to our community. 

And for those who are ready to take the next step, well, this will be a great time to take that next step at the end of our training today. Okay? Right. So, make sure you stay tuned to the end, and I will be super excited to hear what we have in store for you this coming year. 

Now, I want to begin today's training by talking about this object here. This object is called the Rosetta Stone. You know what the Rosetta Stone is, guys? Have you seen it? I believe this is in the London, the British Museum. 

I went there and had a look at it. It's not a very big stone, but it's very unique. Here's the thing, right? Many, many, many years ago, right, when people went to Egypt, and they looked at all these wordings, the hieroglyphics, they have no idea what this hieroglyphics mean, because this language had, like, totally disappeared, right? So, people don't know what it means. 

You see all these graphics, and what do they actually say, right, in these pyramids and all that. Until one day in 1799, they found this stone. And on this stone, it's written the hieroglyphics. 

At the same time, there was the Demotic language, as well as the Ancient Greek language. Now, while many people don't understand, no one understood the hieroglyphics, but some understood the Ancient Greek language. And because they understood the Greek language, and some Demotic language, with them, the scholars were able to decode, to reverse engineer, to decode the Ancient Egyptian language, the hieroglyphics, and therefore unlock the lost language and the wisdom of that ancient civilization. 

Now, this stone today is called the Rosetta Stone, and symbolically, it represents a key to translation between worlds. If you ever visit the British Museum, you should go and have a look at it. And this represents the visible and the hidden, the known and the mysterious. 

And it turned mystery into understanding, bridging human interlang with these divine symbols. Now, guys, you following me so far? How many of you have been to the British Museum? Have you seen the Rosetta Stone? You should, next time you're there, right? Now, just as the Rosetta Stone decoded language, Qimen Dunjia, the system that you guys are learning today, decodes energy and destiny. Qimen represents a key to translation between realms, and it's the cosmic, it's kind of like the cosmic Rosetta Stone, translating heaven, earth, man, and spirit energy into actionable insights. 

Think of it this way, right? And through Qimen, we could interpret the unseen patterns shaping our reality, the energetic script of the entire universe itself. And that's what we're going to be talking about today, Qimen as a tool for co-creating destiny. So today, I'm going to be talking about that blueprint of an extraordinary life. 

How many of you here would like an extraordinary life, type of me right now? So what's an extraordinary life, right? What's this extraordinary life? What's your opinion, Michelle? Mei Lin? Mei Fang? What's your opinion of this extraordinary life? Well, for me, an extraordinary life would entail at least three things. Number one, unshakable clarity. I think this is important. 

The ability to act, ability to do things, to have courage, to pursue greatness, or a great life, or to claim what our divine has given us, requires unshakable clarity. How many of you agree with this? Number one, relationships will get better as a result of clarity, right? Your career, your wealth will become much better, your entire being becomes better because of clarity. So this is one thing, an extraordinary life begins with unshakable clarity. 

If you can see sharply, you could decide swiftly and accurately, you could turn direction into, I mean, if you want it, million-dollar results. Now, a funny thing I see that day, you guys, you know, I always read back the chat because the chat moves too fast, yeah? And it's not just the chat, the chat is also on our Facebook and our Telegram. Sometimes I go there and participate and answer after the event, but I read a lot of the comments and some of you are like, oh, you know, because JY said manifesting within the realm of possibility, you mean Qimen cannot manifest millions? The answer is yes, of course it can. 

I mean, I've done it in my life, but not immediately when I learned Qimen. It takes a bit of time, a bit of patience, right? You got to master the basics. So that's why I recommend start small, but of course you could manifest big things, of course, okay? And as you become more confident, as I became more confident with using Qimen over the years, my results in life become better and better. 

There are a lot of people who've seen my growth as well. How many of you have known me or known of me in the early 2000s? Some of you here? Yeah. Eric, oh, you've been to my class, which one? 2007. 

Oh, nice. Okay. Well, welcome back. 

You guys? Yeah. Juan, right? You've been to one at USA San Francisco. All right. 

So you've seen my growth as well, right? So whatever I'm sharing with you are my own experience. These are all my own experience in using metaphysics. I believe in using it myself, and I truly use it for myself, my family, my close friends. 

So what I'm sharing with you are experiences that I found to work. And I think that the first thing for an extraordinary life begins with clarity. What do you really want? Right? And the second thing, guys. 

You guys following the second thing? Okay. Spiritual wealth. Now, wealth you could achieve through courage and all that, but spiritual wealth is a bit different. 

Those days when I first started, I'm not that into this spiritual thing, because I didn't understand it when I was younger, right? In my early 20s, I did. I became a little bit more spiritually inclined in my, after my mid-30s until now. So when I first started, I wasn't like that. 

I was like, oh, you know, I'm not this into this airy-fairy things. When I first began that, at that time, I didn't understand what spiritual really meant. Spiritual wealth is the ability to stay grounded under chaos and become unbreakable, peaceful, and powerfully magnetic. 

How many of you agree with this type of one? Now, this is something very important for you guys, okay? See, the thing is this, right? I have met people who are rich, okay? Billionaires. But some of these billionaires, they have a billion dollars, but their spiritual wealth is zero. A billion times zero is zero.

How many of you resonate with this? Yet, I have met people who, spiritually wise, they have spiritual wealth. If you have spiritual wealth, a billion. But you only have one dollar.

You can too become a spiritual billionaire. And it begins from there. That's the spectrum.

Wealth, spiritual. You might not have a lot on physical wealth right now. Maybe just 100, 200, even 1,000. 

But if you could increase your spiritual wealth, this, remember, a billion times one, it's a billion, okay? That's the formula. So, while you want to work on a physical material wealth, but while you increase your spiritual wealth, this part of your life also increases. How many of you agree with this and resonate with this type of me right now? Excellent. 

Great, okay? You got to claim it, okay? So, this formula, remember that, okay? Now, the third thing I think for an extraordinary life that you want to use to achieve is magnetic influence. Radiate certainty, charm, earn trust instantly, attracting opportunities without chasing. You know, it's very tiring to chase. 

How many of you agree with this type of me right now? Angela, Jessica, yeah, Fiona, thanks for coming back. All right. Yeah? So, these three things, right? Magnetic influence. 

So, yeah, you like the spiritual wealth part, right? Yeah, spiritual wealth. You can work on both, right? I just want to emphasize this. You can work on both. 

While you can chase material wealth, but if you chase spiritual wealth as well, this can amplify the other, okay? Now, what's stopping you? We discussed this before, I think in part two of our training, and it's a very important part too. Hopefully, you have got the gold pass and you're watching the replays, right? There's a lot to learn. How many of you agree that we covered a lot of things, right? We covered a lot of things.

So, it's good to re-watch the replays and the gold pass, all right? Now, I actually did a poll. Guys, can you put up the poll? Yeah? Yeah, we talked about this before. What holds you back? What holds you back, right? Whatever you need to succeed, those three things I told you, you already have it at some point. 

It's a question of why are you being held back? Well, the first one is false identity. A lot of people living as a version that other people expect them to. Not themselves, right? I mean, just look at the younger generation, right? I mean, especially in Asian culture, they get married because their parents or grandparents pressure them, right? And then, they actually don't fall in love with the real person that they truly like. 

Arranged marriage, right? I mean, some is good. They check the parts, of course, but if they didn't, right? Think about it. Or they're living a life that's not theirs.

And then, there are unquestioned beliefs, following old stories that no longer fit. That's something that holds them back. For some people, it could be, I mean, which one resonates with you? Go ahead and type this, yeah? Some people are staying small for the comfort of other people, those that we call this emotional loyalty. 

They know they're meant for greatness, but they have to stay small because they don't want to hurt other people. There are some who are like that, right? So, you're being held back. And then, some people, there's a chasing certainty over growth. 

They do the same old, same old because they felt safer and more in control. And they keep delaying being better or growing because they felt more safe doing the same thing. How many resonate with this? And of course, here's the thing. 

There's the biggest problem, biggest invisible chain. We talked about this before. Overthinking. 

Waiting for the perfect moment for clarity before acting. Waiting and waiting and waiting, waiting for them to be ready. This is the worst. 

I mean, I'm guilty of this as well. But over the years, I've become much better. I like to think a lot.

Sometimes, I cannot sleep, thinking, thinking of stuff. How many have this issue? And then, self-doubt. Second-guessing when you're already ready, but you still second-guess yourself all the time. 

So, that could be an issue. Sometimes, the number one killer. How about comparisons? Measuring your worth by other people's timelines. 

Oh, other people are getting this already, but I'm at this age. I'm still not there yet. That comparison kills people.

And then, there's guilt and regret, right? Carrying the weight of the past. Wow, this is all the trauma, trauma, traumatized by other people, traumatized by this, traumatized by that. Look at this. 

I'm traumatized, I'm traumatized. You know, I'm in so much trauma. It's time to cleanse in. 

And by the way, a lot of people experience great transformation from the cleansing. But there's also a bunch of people who question the cleansing. Like, oh, did I sit correctly? Did I face correctly? Did I do it correctly? Do I do this correctly? You see, that is the very thing that you need to cleanse. 

But here you are. Did I sit with this correctly? Did my hands correct? Or do I did this correctly? Or should I do it correctly? That is what we want to get rid of. That doubt. 

They hear it, but they didn't hear it as in internalize it. So, this is the thing that you need to cleanse. So, maybe you need more cleansing.

Oh, but I don't know if I'm doing it correct. Listen, even if it's not 100% correct, even so, it's 80% good enough, right? You watch the thing twice or three times, it's fine, right? So, that's the thing that we're trying to get rid of. And I mean, that's just a cleansing ritual.

Imagine you're doing this in your career. Every day, second-guessing yourself. Everything doubting. 

Everything you doubt. Your business, your work, your relationships. And then you no wonder why your life sucks, right? That's the thing. 

Second-guessing everything. That is the very thing we want to cleanse, right? And before you could cleanse, you doubt, right? Misaligned desire, right? Chasing what looks right instead of what feels true. That could be an invisible chain. 

And finally, there's a disconnection from spirit. Forgetting that life flows through you, not to you. And here's another big issue here, right? Guys, if you're resonating, give me a type of one, right? I need to see if you guys are following, right? Okay. 

Now, I also see there's a lot of question, question, question, question. Am I doing this right? Am I doing this wrong? It would be great if you could listen. Sometimes I ask for a one or yes or me or type simple things just so that I know you're engaged, okay? But when you are saying so many things like you are, when I'm teaching something and you keep asking about a different topic, that's when you are missing out on important points. 

Guys, are you hearing me or are you just busy typing stuff on the chat, right? I've seen this, right? Because I read back the text and, oh, I didn't understand. I didn't get this. This one, you need to slap across the room. 

Sometimes you just listen first. A lot of things can be ironed out later. That's the art of learning and becoming wealthy and becoming successful. 

Go along, move along, okay? Now, spiritual people often reject money because they think or feel it corrupts. There's a lot of spiritual people here, right? But money doesn't change who you are. It amplifies who you are. 

If you're kind, it funds your kindness. If you are conscious, it expands your consciousness. But if you're an asshole, it will make you more of an asshole, okay? So you got to remember this. 

There's a spectrum, right? Guys, can you draw the spectrum out? One side is wealthy, one side is spiritual. Can you see that, okay? Hold this slide up, yeah? Wealthy, make a million, and then one side is spiritual, impact lives, right? So the spiritual one, the impact life, and then this side is wealthy. This spectrum, for some people, is very hard to combine the both, right? So they say, oh, I'm spiritual, but then I'm not rich because I'm very spiritual, right? Some may say, oh, yeah, I'm rich here, but therefore I cannot be spiritual. 

It's not true. This is a spectrum. Money is a storage of value and then help amplifies your world. 

If you want to be spiritually powerful and impact more lives, you have to have the ability to earn. And you cannot see having money as a guilt or negative thing. Now, I say this, not everyone likes that, but those who don't have the money, the moment they talk about money, they become ostrich, you know ostrich? They put their head inside the ground. 

They don't want to talk about money. So every time they go to the shopping mall, they want someone to come with free coffee, oh, free coffee, going to sell me something. Listen, this is important. 

That guy who's trying to sell me some free coffee or whatever, right? This is doing his job. And if you don't, if you reject that, listen, you also need to sell. So why not listen to that? What he has to say is essentially from free coffee. 

But oh, the moment you put up the invisible barrier, you're blocking this. But imagine this, now when you're asking for jobs, now when you're asking for work, you're looking for a job, you're also asking for money. You're also asking to sell, right? You're selling something, but because you keep rejecting it, your entire mind, your soul, your higher dimension, and all your powers that be, from head to toe to below your balls, will not allow you to become someone you dislike. 

Right? It's going to repel. So if you want to sell, you've got to be sold too. It's a yin and yang, right? Just like that. 

You want people to love you, you must also love people. It's a, what do you call this? Yin and yang. You understand what I mean? Right? If you want your kids to love you, you have to do what too? You have to love your kids. 

Isn't it true? No, no, you love me first. Then I don't love you back. Right? It cannot be like this. 

So you got to understand that spectrum, right? The problem with this is that people always get stuck that I'm spiritual and therefore I cannot be like that. I cannot talk money. The moment you, oh, someone is selling me or pitching me, saying, oh, you're bad, you're bad, you're evil. 

Don't do that. Because you are going to sell too. When you convince your husband for something, you're selling him the idea, or you're selling your wife the idea. 

It's just a different thing. You change this word from today. Selling, cancel, write the word influence. 

Influence, you feel more comfortable with the word influence? It's more spiritual and inclined. When you're spiritual, you have to be influential too. Right? Wealthy also are influential people.

Right? So that's how it works. Right? So money guided by consciousness becomes medicine. Write this down. 

Money or wealth guided by spiritual consciousness becomes medicine. It heals systems, empowers people, and accelerates evolution. Once you are open to this, you break the invisible chain and wealth will flow to you.

It's very easy to see. The moment someone says, oh, the thing comes up, block, right? No, because you need to sell too, yin and yang, right? When spiritual people learn to hold wealth with grace, money stops being material and it becomes a multiplier of meaning. Okay? So this is important. 

Yeah? Take note of this because when you want to co-create destiny, the first thing is to take this spectrum, right? And be somewhere in the middle. That's what you need to be. Anyway, guys, don't overthink this. 

Okay? Don't overthink this. You know why I say overthink? Because of this. The majority of the people, this is a poll, by the way, right? The majority of the people overthink. 

This is your answers, guys, by the way. I posted this stuff on Telegram some time ago. Okay? So you're thinking if you have money, it's not spiritual. 

It's not true. Money, it amplifies your ability to impact others and help other people. Okay? So it is your spiritual duty to be wealthier. 

Write this down. It is your spiritual duty to be wealthier, to impact more lives. If you want to help people, that's the way you should go. 

You are more useful to others if you are wealthier. Okay? You got to work harder in yourself than just sitting down and meditating. Your meditating part, okay, yeah, it brings some spiritual thing. 

But inside meditating, I would, you know, I would urge you to manifest instead of just meditate. Okay? Well, meditation is good, but manifesting, in my opinion, is better because it actually puts you into a momentum where you could co-create destiny. You co-create destiny and as you become a better human being, you become happier and the people around you become happier. 

And the environment, the community, your family, everything gets uplifted at the same time. This is the game changer. Okay? Some hard questions for you guys, right? This is important. 

Before I show you the nine powerful protocols that you could use to transform your life or co-create your destiny, first, we need to ask some hard questions, right? Would you rather be a smart, poor person or a rich, dumb person? Go ahead and type this. Now, be honest, all right? Smart, poor person or rich, dumb person. Would you rather be right or be understood? These are important questions.

I think you know where I'm getting to. Okay? Yeah, would you rather be right or be understood? I want you to type the answer. Okay? Participate with me. 

Or would you rather be successful or happy? Or would you rather seek meaning or seek comfort? Seek meaning or seek comfort? And would you rather be authentic and alone or accepted but fake? Okay? Now, the reason I ask you this question is very simple, right? What am I trying to say here? You don't have to be the most intelligent person in the room to be rich, you know. Sometimes you just manifest it, all right? So, it's not that hard. It's just that you have to overcome that blockage in your mind, all right? Some people like to be right or they like to be understood. 

You think about it, right? To be happy, right? You can be happy and successful at the same time, all right? So, there are ways to work around it. I'm just telling you the possibility. I want you to say that yourself. 

I want you to see it yourself, okay? So, everything that you want to manifest, listen to this. This is important. We're getting to these protocols, yeah? Because the moment I talk about protocols, you say I talk too fast, right? I'm giving you the background understanding.

Guys, you're following? Yeah? Colton? Gabriel? Is it Gabriel? Yeah? Ganesh? Yes? Who do you mean? You're following? Good. Everything that you ever wanted must first exist twice. First in your mind and then and only then in the material world.

Write that down. Everything that you want to create exists twice. First in the mind, then in the material world. 

Meaning, if you cannot even entertain the thought in an embracing way, in your mind, you will never be able to have this materialize, okay? So, therefore, when you reject success, reject happiness and reject wealth subconsciously, okay? I don't think you will consciously reject wealth, right? Because when you say, yeah, of course, it'd be nice to be rich. Yeah, yeah. I know the cynical answers, right? Come on, right? The thing is this. 

I'm talking about deep down to the balls level, all right? Meaning deep down into the heart level, right? It's just like very simple. I'll give you a simple test. When you walk down the shopping mall, right? And someone comes to promote something, you straightaway reject because you hate to be sold to. 

When you hate to be sold to, you will never be able to sell. And because you cannot sell, you also cannot generate wealth. That's why people say, oh, I hate selling. 

I feel very uncomfortable selling because you hate being sold to. So, you can't learn this. You can't learn this. 

Now you say, yeah, rich people are all bad people. No, it's not. Don't make that thing up, right? There are a lot of good rich people as well, right? Every business invention or legacy begins as energy shaped by intention. 

Okay? Every business invention or legacy or impact begins as energy shaped by that intention in the first place. Steve Jobs, for example, saw the iPhone before a single part was built. And he visualized the future in two form.

So, that's important. Okay? So, remember, right? If you choose to be a winner, winner visualizes outcomes or see the outcome long before they experience them in the material world. That's spiritual rehearsal. 

That's where you need to deploy your achievement timing. Follow the protocol. You manifest. 

Manifest nothing more than going through this process. Okay? And this isn't just numbers and logic, guys. It's spiritual energy, emotion. 

Think about it. Business is taking your ideas, the invisible world, and generating it out into the material world as solutions for other people. So, business is a spiritual sport. 

Warren Buffett said that. Okay? And you can't outperform your frequency. You attract at the level you think and feel.

You generate the outcome at the level you think and feel. Right? So, some people are faster. Some people are a little bit slower because of all these chains and all this blockage.

Right? That's the thing. They're not comfortable whenever people talk about money. That comfort, you got to be comfortable with money. 

Right? Because, oh, no, it's not good. No, I don't like this. That internal language needs to stop. 

Okay? And you can't outperform your frequency. Remember that. You can't build externally what you haven't constructed internally. 

You should write this down. Guys, are you following? Type of one, if you guys are following. You can't build externally what you haven't constructed internally. 

Okay? Take note of that. So, every decision, deal, and creation begins with this thing called internal belief energy. Not data. 

Right? Internal belief energy. Now, if you are weak at this, you got to go through the achievement protocols, achievement manifesting protocols to build this belief, this type of belief energy. All right? Like, for example, let's just say that you're weak in selling.

Now, you all know that all greatest successful people must have some level of ability to sell, at least to sell the dream and the idea. You're a politician, you need to sell the idea. Right? You're a leader, you need to sell to your followers. 

Right? You're a manager, you need to sell the vision to your team. Now, you say, I don't like to sell because I hate being sold to. That yin and yang doesn't gel. 

So, you got to rebuild that belief energy. Otherwise, there are people like, oh, you're going to be stuck as a grab driver forever. You don't need to sell anything, grab sells for you. 

Yeah, but how are you going to make that great life just doing this? Right? How are you going to get the great life doing small things? Right? And then you feel stuck in there. So, you got to rewire that belief energy, not the data. So, your heaven realm, the mind, right? Now, let me just display the four realms once again. 

The four realms, spirit, heaven, earth, human. Right? Four realms in every achievement chart. There are many different types of achievement charts, by the way. 

You have a year, month, day, hour achievement charts. All the achievement charts in each of the boxes have four realms. The heaven realm are governed by this thing called the nine stars, which I will be talking about. 

I'm just trying to introduce what I'll be talking about today. So, heaven realm. So, heaven realm represents the mind, the thoughts. 

Okay? Inspiration comes from spirit. That's why it's called in spirit, right? Inspiration. And then inspiration inspires the mind. 

That's where the thoughts come from. So, heaven represents the mind. It is your factory of manifesting. 

The body simply executes what the spirit authorizes. So, therefore, success isn't luck alone. It's alignment between these four realms. 

It's alignment between the thought, the energy, and the execution. These four things in the achievement chart. Okay? Now, I know some of you are like, oh yeah, tell me which chart is the best. 

As I said before, if you are beginning, start with the day chart. If you are an advanced user, we will be using the hour charts. Two things, simple as that.

For now, ignore the month chart. Ignore the annual charts for now. Okay? And when you master this inner world, the outer world has no choice but to follow. 

Guys, you good so far? Number one, you guys are good. You following? Okay? Yes? Katrina? Darren? Sean? Clarice? Okay? All right. Now, just in case you're planning for today's session, it's going to be roughly two hours.

I always say it's two hours. Sometimes a little bit longer, two and a half hours. It depends on your questions. 

But stay to the end. Stay to the end. Because I said this in our previous session, there will be some very interesting possibilities of free gifts that you might be interested or might set a chance to get. 

Okay? The first one is the essentials. Can I have the essentials, please? Okay. So this, $500. 

How many of you are interested in getting this for free? This is super cool. Yeah? You got to read all this and you get all the information about the four realms. It's all here. 

Right? And the classic, the most important training. Anyone who wish to ever get started in Qimen? Or how many of you are beginners here? Like, you really want to start this with the right footing and master this art eventually. It's the Qimen Academy Classic Training. 

This is like the full training. Every master who is a master of Qimen today began here. Today, I mean, you should see how many students graduate and walk through the doors of the Qimen Academy. 

Those are really successful today who are Qimen consultants, they're practitioners and they have students of their own. They all begin right here. Okay? Now, also, I want to have a quick announcement. 

There's no unplugged session on Telegram today. There's no unplugged session. But instead, my team has agreed we'll be staying back here on Zoom. 

So if you're here, the official training will end about two hours to two and a half hours and then we're going to stay back. I'm going to set up a very comfortable seat here and then I'll answer all your questions before we end our part four training. How about that? How about that? We're going to just do it this way for you guys. 

Yeah? I know you guys have a lot of questions. For you, this might be your final training with us. For some of you, you're continuing. 

Well, whatever it is, I just want to give my best to you guys. Would that be good? Would that be good for you guys? Okay? I'll try my best to answer as many as possible. All right? So I want to pick just a few questions from the previous training right here, which I think is super important before I move on to the nine protocols. 

Because without understanding, the basic understanding, then you apply the nine protocols, you're going to fuck yourself up royally. All right? See, the nine protocols, it's called protocol for a reason. Because if you mess up the protocol, there are side effects. 

Right? So remember on part one, we said that manifesting, that some people are unconsciously manifesting, because whether you are doing it consciously or unconsciously, you're still manifesting. And you don't want to manifest all this bad stuff for yourself. Right? Like bad luck or downward spiral. 

Right? So you don't want to do that. You have to follow the protocol. All right? Now, one of the biggest questions I think in the last couple of sessions combined together is sector versus direction.

Right? I know you've asked this many times, and I've answered this many times on Telegram and also on Facebook and whatnot in other channels. Let me just address it once and for all. Right? Is it backing the direction or is it sitting in the area? Okay. 

It's kind of like both. Right? So of course, the best ideal way is to back towards the direction. Backing means you're back towards the ideal desired combination. 

When you sit on it, you are it. So it comes from being when you become that combination, you are it. It's different than facing that direction.

Right? So why can't I face the life door and face the chief? Facing means you are not it. It's from the perspective of scarcity. You're looking at it. 

You're not it. Sitting means you are it. Okay? So sitting is important. 

But when you are using some time dimension treatment chart, sometimes I will say in that sector. Right? Because you want to use both sitting and sector at the same time. So a sector is like, let's say the west area has got a certain combination in that particular hour. 

So I walk to the west sector. Now I'm in the west sector, but I particularly want to impact, let's say my soul palace. I know you don't know what a soul palace is, but I'm talking about it today. 

Right? Then you want to back towards the soul palace within the west sector to take whatever in the west sector into my soul palace. See my point? Now, but if I'm not referencing any particular palaces or areas of my life, I just want to use the combination for generic manifesting, then I'll just back west in the west sector. Or I'll just back west anyway. 

Okay? So that's the thing. All right? So I've explained this many times already in some short posting and voice messages. It's just that not all of you heard it at the same time. 

And if you hear it at the same time, because of a lot of internal doubts, people block and filter information. All right? But I've said it many times. I've not said it many times. 

Yeah? Okay. All right. So I'm going to go through a few questions that I think is important. 

But here's the thing. I know a lot of you guys are already advanced and you're impatient and you want to know what's the next thing. Right? But for those of you here who are a little more advanced and more senior, can I have your permission to allow me to help the people who are just beginning? Because these questions are important for them. 

Would it be okay? Right? Let's do something good. Let's build some good karma. Right? We help everybody out. 

Type of one if you guys agree. Okay? All right. Cool. 

I think everybody benefits like this. Yeah? Okay. So this is a common question. 

Right? How do I know if I have affinity with Qimen or Chinese metaphysics as a whole? I'm drawn to it, but still a little bit skeptical. Okay. So here's the thing. 

Right? You've made it to the fourth part. Obviously, you have affinity. Otherwise, you would have given up at the third part. 

We're still here. Right? That's one way. Right? And number two, you got to trust your divine. 

You know, you've been praying for help. You've been subconsciously or consciously praying for solutions in your life. And for some reason, you end up here. 

Maybe this is grace happening for you. Why are you not open to it? You understand my point? And for some of you, you even took the leap of faith. You don't even know why. 

And you took it. There must be some divine hand guiding you. Okay? Now, of course, right? You could doubt everything and say no. 

And then you just stop watching and stop training. Right? Then you have to go on to the same old, same old. Right? Sometimes, you know, life is already happening in your favor. 

And here, one more thing. If you're a chief and you're nine heavens or you're a surging snake and you're still here, I can tell you definitely you're inclined to this metaphysics, especially Chimun. A lot. 

How many of you are chief? Have one. Chief? Chief is connected to most metaphysics in general. Because you really like to help people.

You really feel happy helping people. Right? Sometimes, just do not help yourself. But you're here. 

Not to worry. Nine heavens? How many nine heavens here? Right here. Yeah. 

Why do you resonate with Chimun? Because did you know that Chimun, mythically, came from the lady of the nine heavens? Kau Tien Yuen Loi. Lady of the nine heavens. So, you're learning what you already know.

This is you. And surging snake is called the sorcerer supreme. It's like they're always interested in the occult, the mystery, the esoteric anyway. 

So, they approach it in a different manner, but they like the warcraft part and all that. Right? That's surging snake. Now, not that the other deities are not good. 

It's just that these three, particularly, particularly, you should go and master Chimun. It's your birthright to master Chimun. If you don't do it, after a while, you know, the divine won't bless you anymore. 

Okay? Let me tell you this story. It's so important. So, I read this from Rolling Stone magazine. 

Okay? Rolling Stone magazine. And it's about Michael Jackson. How many of you are fans of Michael Jackson? Yeah? So, Michael Jackson, he said he's inspired and he hears the music, right? I mean, everyone knows that. 

So, he always keep a recorder next to him where in his being. And the moment he hears something, even in the middle of the night, he would record the tune and immediately send that tune, pack it and send it. In those days, there's no email and they will send it to his producers, like almost instantly the next day. 

So, people ask him, right? This is in Rolling Stone magazine. Why you do that, right? Because he said, if I don't do it, then Prince will get it. Prince is the rival at that time for Michael Jackson. 

This is in the early 80s, right? Which is true. You see, inspiration comes to us. You must think of, you know, as a CEO, how many of you are leaders in your own team, in work? You work for other people, right? Okay. 

And if you are the CEO and there are two employees, right? The first employee, every day comes to work, ready to work, always want to take on the next task and can do a lot of good things, right? A lot of good work and it stays back late, make sure things are done. And then there's the other employee, employee B, comes to work a little bit late, goes back a little bit early, never submit their weekly reports, that sort of thing. Now, if you're the CEO, who would you give work to? You would give to the A, first employee, right? Would you give to the B employee? No. 

Then, of course, you think, yeah, but it sucks to be the A person. You always get the job. But here's the thing. 

When there's an opportunity, do you think the CEO will give it to the first employee or the second one? It's always the first one. But most of us live a life being the second one. Now, here's the question.

If God is your CEO, if God is your CEO, and he gives you an idea and inspiration, and you heard it, you go back to sleep, do you think he'll continue to give you? No, he's going to give to the person to act. That's why Michael Jackson was successful. Give you an idea, he writes it down, he immediately plans the song. 

Likewise, inspiration comes like that. And so does grace. And so, when you are gifted, when you have an opportunity, you must take the next step to continue.

This is important. And when you manifest and an opportunity comes, and you don't take action, guess what will happen the next time you try to manifest? No more. The signal becomes weaker and weaker, just like your CEO has lost favour in you. 

That's the difference. Here's another common question. What if I'm not intuitive? Can I still use or read Shimon? Yeah, you follow a structured template, guys, not guesswork. 

Come on. There's a structured way to do this. Intuition is developed through pattern familiarity.

You become familiar with the pattern over time and that's how you get your intuition. So, you don't get it immediately. It's over time. 

What if my chart shows bad doors and negative deities and I don't like my natal deity. Is there anything I can do? There's no such thing as bad destiny charts. There's only such a thing as unused talents or unawakened abilities.

And so, Shimon reviews how you can redirect some of these energies and make them favourable. Obstacles become tactical advantages, guys. And yes, you can tap to any deity you want.

Here's another common question. If I studied Pazzo before, would Shimon contradict? Definitely not because Shimon shows you what to do, Pazzo tells you who you are. That's it.

They are complementary systems. In fact, when you plot a Shimon chart, you see the Pazzo on top anyway. It's complementary. 

You should be learning both at the same time because it sort of gives you the yin and yang. Pazzo is like the structure. The Shimon gives you the activities and what to do.

Now, how can I use Shimon specifically for my career? Well, strategic execution is the best use for anyone who's working in the job. Planning the timing, when to do certain meetings, negotiations. And of course, there are manifesting protocols that you could use to win the battle before it even begins.

So, there are a lot of usages that you can actually use for your career. In fact, it's great for those who are trying to climb the career ladder very fast. Now, have you guys watched the homework review that I've already posted on our socials? You've done that, right? So, if you have not already submitted your homework, I would recommend that you do so because it's so important that we go through the exercises because either way, even if you are not continuing your education with us, at least this training will help you learn some Shimon. 

That's why you must do the assignment. Now, we're going to move on to this called the nine protocols, which is the gist of our training today. So, we've done the first part of the training. 

We understood what it entails, breaking the chains and all that. Once you know what you want, once you know what you truly, truly want, all you have to do is deploy the protocols to get what you want. So, let me put it in context of the diagram here. 

It's really simple. You have learned the manifesting framework. You learn enough about it. 

There's always a chance to go deeper if you want. Manifesting framework. Once you add the nine protocols of Shimon manifesting, the nine protocols of Shimon manifesting, you will get whatever you want.

And this is the art of winning without fighting. Now, what is the art of winning without fighting? Because Sun Tzu said this really well. The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. 

Basically means win without fighting. Now, I know, I know some of you are here. I saw the text, right? Some of you here, oh, I want to learn Shimon because I know Shimon is the art of war. 

We're winning battles and all that. Yes. When you have no choice to fight, then you have to deploy the art of war and actually go into war. 

But the highest level is to win before you even have to lift a finger. So, no bloodshed. Okay. 

This has taken me many, many, many years. I've been teaching Shimon for a long, long time. I was one of the first. 

In fact, I was the first who started teaching Shimon in English to the world. This is back in 2012. Way before that, nobody talks about Shimon. 

All this terminology to see at some point, whoever is teaching out there, at some point had my training. I can confidently tell you that. That's how long I've been doing Shimon. 

Okay. And so, manifesting has been, I've been taught, I taught this as a class called getting whatever you want. Back in those days was the first version of teaching spiritual Shimon. 

And over the years, it has been refined so many times until a point where I've seen all the patterns. I've understood all the patterns and I've finally put them into protocols. So, all you have to do is follow the protocol to get the desired results. 

This is like the accumulation of so many years of experience. And by the way, 2026 is my 30th year in a practice of metaphysics. How about that? 30th year. 

I've been that long in practicing metaphysics. Okay. So, now, so the protocols, right? What are they? Well, in Shimon, we say that to manifest, we use the deities, right? We call that kapta tongsan. 

Whenever you need something quick, you use the deities. There's a verse in Shimon that says that. But whenever you want to create something, you use the doors. 

So, when you want to go forward, you use the doors. But when you want to solve a problem, you must look at the stars. When you want to solve a problem, you look at the stars. 

So, when you combine stars and doors together, you not only solve a problem, but you enter into a portal, into a different outcome. And that's what we're going to do in this part here. I'm going to show you how it's done, okay? Now, for this part here, of course, the more training you have, the deeper you understand how to do this. 

I will give you the concept. I will show you the way. And if you guys miss anything along the way, because there are different levels of practitioners in this group, can you guys help me out to help the beginners? Will you guys be up for that? Type of one. 

So that my team can just focus on delivering this topic here as much as we can, right? I need you guys to help out each other, because there are a lot of beginner questions, yes or no? Now, the question is, do you want to learn something advanced, or do you want to stick with just the beginner stuff? Like something really truly a breakthrough for you, okay? All right. So in order to understand the nine protocols, we have to understand this thing called the nine breakthroughs. Now, breakthroughs and poverty, they are two sides of the same coin, okay? The two sides, yin and yang, yeah? Two sides of the same coin. 

If you don't do this well, there'll be poverty. If you do this well, there'll be a breakthrough, there'll be success, okay? It's two sides of the same coin. So when we talk about money and wealth and success, right? That's just one type of rich wealth, right? Some people can be poor in wealth, yes or no? Yeah, some people can be poor in wealth, always having money problems and all that, but there's just one aspect of it. 

Not having financial acumen, not being resonating with ability to see opportunities and turning into profits, having lack of ability to sell, all that just under one category. But can someone be poor in terms of wisdom? Can you think about it? Is it possible that someone can be poor in wisdom, that they always do things that self-sabotage, they overthink things, they create a problem where there was none, right? And they're constantly confused. Confused, confused, confused, confused. 

Everyday confused. Everything is confusing to them. That's their language, their common language. 

I'm confused, I'm confused. I cannot hear, it's too difficult. I'm confused, I'm confused. 

Why can't I make it easier? There's always this problem and they're wondering why they are stuck and having all these problems in life. Every time they're confused, everything, even the simplest thing can confuse them. A wisdom problem, poor in wisdom, right? Can it also be possible that someone is poor in their emotions and relationship? Poor in love. 

Is it possible they are poor in love? That means they have no love to give or they don't know how to love. They can't express their love and therefore they don't get their actual love, right? They're poor in expressing their emotions. They are non-expressive, they suppress, right? Or they're unwilling to embrace or accept or appreciate. 

They just don't know how. Yet they crave love, they crave intimacy but they are not intimate, right? They're poor in relationships. So poverty is not just money. 

Is it possible, guys, how many of you resonate with this? You resonate this, poor in wisdom, right? Have you known people like that? They just do dumb shit to fuck themselves up royally all the time, right? And the way they talk, the way they communicate is always confusing. I'm confused. I don't like this, I don't like that, right? Is it possible, yeah? And then those who are poor in relationships, you want to love them but you can't because they are so rejecting, repulsive even when it comes to relationship. 

Is it possible? They don't know how, right? Now listen, the flip side of it is a breakthrough. Guys, are you following me? The flip side of this is the breakthrough, right? I'll get to that. There's a protocol for this, right? How about visibility? Can someone be poor in terms of their visibility in this role? That means they always turn out to be a hermit. 

For some reasons, they're hiding away even though the credit belongs to them but they are not seen to be the one actually doing the work even though they genuinely did this or worse, when they have issues, no one's seen them. No one knows they have a problem. No one knows they are suffering. 

They think they are all right. No one knows that they are depressed. You know, there was a story quite recently in the news. 

This 14-year-old who brutally murdered a 16-year-old girl and nobody knows he has all these issues and drama because it's not visible. Not visible is not just for fame. It's that people don't understand you.

People don't see you for who you are. They can't help you if they can't see you, right? So there's a visibility issue. They are poor in visibility. 

It's different than a choice of choosing solitary. Some people choose to be solitary. That's fine.

There are a lot of famous hermits as well. But when I say visible is when you're doing something or when you have heard and you have issues and nobody knows or when you do something great, nobody knows. It's a problem, right? And the flip side of that is being seen, being heard, that your life actually matters. 

So being poor in this is a problem, isn't it? So you see, there are protocols for this. I'm going to explain in a short while. Then there is, can someone be poor in health? I mean, come on, right? You can't achieve greatness if your health is a major setback, right? Just think, I mean, all of us at some point might have a health scare before or a health issue for a couple of weeks. 

I mean, how many of you had issues with health before? Was it, how long was it? Jose? How was it? Neck injury. Hmm. Yeah. 

And how much did that stop you from achieving your goals? Right? Jason? Ruben? Yeah. So many, right? Have you experienced, I mean, look at COVID, right? Even if someone's down with COVID back then, it could be a two weeks, you know, downtime. Health is a big thing.

And if you're poor in health, your vitality is weak, it's already a major setback, yes or no? So don't we need some protocols to have a health breakthrough? All right. So that battle. So some of people thought, you know, achievement is about battle winning and business and getting, yeah, of course, that's right too. 

But if you could win this internal battle now, your external battle is already won. Okay. So this is important. 

How many of you agree this is more important in some ways? Right? The art of war is to win without fighting. Right? So you're going to win the internal first. And I think this health and well-being thing, some people suffer emotionally, mentally. 

I mean, they need help. Right? The split personality thing, right? That's a big problem. All right. 

Now, how about support? Can someone be poor in support? Is it possible that whatever they want to do, there is no one to help them? Even they themselves don't support themselves. Is it possible? There's always lack of that agreement from other people. It's a big issue, right? How about poor in security and protection? Is it possible to be poor in security and protection? That means they always feel unsafe, easily harmed or hurt by other people's words or worse, energy. 

Okay. Now, it is possible. I'm going to share with you something that unbeknownst to you, there are some people that have very bad intentions, maybe not intentionally, but they might transfer some of their bad energies to you.

And if you're poor in your protection, if your own bazaar is actually weak, you will absorb that bad energy. And it is possible. Okay. 

So, and it's possible that, is it possible that someone will steal your luck? Not so easy, but possible. There are some dark methods of treatment or other forces that people might use to do this. And if you're poor in protection, you get it. 

Look at people who feel possessed all the time. All right. People feel jinx all the time. 

Have you got any friends like this? Any friends who feel that they have been attacked spiritually by others? Right. Of all the people who enter the hotel, you're the only one that see the ghost or experience some eerie feelings. Like that's weakness in protection. 

We need a protocol for that. All right. So, how about poor in luck? Right. 

Luck in general. In epiphanies, in serendipities, you just don't get it. Right. 

Every time you miss the boat, you miss the opportunity. Is it possible? Right. So, the thing is, all these are governed by heavenly matters. 

Heavenly matters are governed by the nine stars. Okay. So, therefore, when we are talking about using Qimen protocols, the protocol is always based on one of these nine things. 

Okay. One of these nine things. So, these nine aspects are governed under the nine stars in Qimen. 

The activators of the nine stars are the constellations. So, there are two groups here. Right. 

We're going to use... So, protocols are made up of a focus point, which is these nine stars. Right. These nine stars are the assistant star, the ambassador, the heart, the hero, bird, grass, pillar, destruction, grain.

Okay. In every Qimen chart, these nine stars are written in the top center. Let me show you an example. 

So, here is a day chart. Here's a day chart. We'll circle all the nine stars. 

See. These are all the nine stars. They're always written on the top center of the chart. 

And by the way, this way of writing, displaying a chart, is a Joey Up style of writing the chart. Back in the day, they don't write this way. Okay. 

So, some write a round star or some write the stars on left no. In our school, in our academy, this is the design that I've written. The heaven is always in the center. 

All right. So, now, in our chart, you see this as also in the top center. Can you see that? This is our chart. 

And also on your destiny chart, that means the chart that you're born with, look at this. The top center is also the nine stars. All right. 

So, when we are using the protocols, the protocols are always based on the day chart or the hour chart. Okay. So, we choose either one. 

Which is more powerful? In my opinion, most of the time, for general purposes, we use the day chart is good enough. But when you want specific, specific answers or our time frame is shorter, because by the time you wait for the day chart, there are only 365 days. And the day that you want with all the right protocols might be like three months away.

Right. Three months away is going to be a long time. Right. 

So, that's why an hour chart, it's more practical in many ways. Okay. It's faster. 

It's within that 15 days, you will get that right hour chart. Because in 15 days, a whole bunch of charts, like a thousand, 80 charts would have crossed and you would have come across a chart that you need. Whereas, if you look at 360 days, the day charts, the day charts will take a longer time before you can churn out a desired protocol. 

All right. So, faster with the hour, longer but more effective is the day. Okay. 

Of course, if you can combine the two, it would be great. But normally for beginners like yourself, I would say start with the day. Okay. 

All right. Now, these nine aspects let me tell you what they govern. Okay. 

So, assistant star is going to govern your protocol for wisdom. Okay. Wisdom activators. 

I'll tell you what they are in a short while. Yeah. Your grain star, everyone knows the grain governs health or health related aspects. 

So, any protocol relating to health will involve the grain. You write this down. Okay. 

Any protocol involving the destructor, it's about protection. Any protocol involving support will involve the pillar star. Okay. 

Now, I see some of you are losing track. Please, those who are following me, please help those who are missing out because I want to give you the details. I don't get to go through some protocols with you. 

Would that be okay? Okay. All right. So, I'm not going to repeat. 

You guys recap and put it onto the notes for them. Good. Okay. 

So, we're going to practice this thing called help each other out. Build good karma. All right. 

Help each other out on the chat. All right. Any protocols that involve wealth or making money will involve using the grass, heavenly grass. 

Any protocols involving visibility will involve the hero star. Any protocols involving relationships and emotions is going to follow the heart. Easy to remember. 

Okay. Any protocols involving luck is going to involve the ambassador and spirituality, bird. Okay. 

Remember, these nine stars, in order to form a protocol, we need to couple them together with constellations. The constellations, what are constellations? All right. I have a slide here to show. 

These are called the seven, the 28 constellations. All right. The 28 constellations. 

And they're always on our achievement charts. Okay. The 20 constellations.

Any manifesting that does not directly invoke, when I say invoke means connect, connect with the constellation, is not true use of Qimen manifesting. Not true use of spiritual Qimen. Constellations are the key, the key to activating the nine stars.

Because the stars themselves are part of the constellations. All right. So, if you don't involve the constellations, and you say I'm not using the stars, then you are missing out on 50% of the entire activation. 

All right. So, all greatest date selection, time selection for choosing auspicious hours, they always involve constellations. Okay. 

So, the missing link in Qimen manifesting is the constellations. Now, constellations, as you can see, are divided into four groups. The green dragon group, the white tiger group, the red phoenix group, and the black tortoise group. 

They are groups, A, B, C, D, if you want. And each group has seven constellations, has seven of them. So, seven times four, you get 28.

Okay. And the constellations can be also classified or grouped as elements. The wood, the metal, the earth, the sun, the moon, the fire and water, sun and moon. 

Sun and moon, they are not elements. They count sun and moon as the two polar opposite energies, usually used for a lot of spiritual rituals. They will involve the sun and moon. 

Okay. So, we all know yin and yang, right? One is the aggressive, the open, right? The magnanimous. One is on the dark, the yin, the internal. 

So, you use the moon. So, it's always five elements plus sun and moon equals seven, right? By the way, it's also the seven days of the week. Did you know that it's these seven things that form the week? All right. 

So, here's the thing, right? I want to show you this picture, right? See this cauldron right here? This cauldron, you know, the cauldron where the wizard, comes out and in order to form a special powerful potion, right? They will throw in the ingredients. The alchemist is going to mix this together. So, they'll throw it, boom! The nine stars goes in, right? Then, boom! They throw in the constellation. 

Then, boom! They go in the door and then, boom! They throw in the deity. They form this thing called the protocol. So, the baseline for the mixture, the baseline for the mixture, remember this, is the star and the constellation. 

So, whatever problems you have and there are nine groups of nine types of poverty, right? You could classify the all challenges and all wants and desires into these nine cauldrons, okay? So, I have nine cauldrons. So, these nine cauldrons, each one of these, every problem or everything that you wish to desire is going to fall under one of these nine. And inside the nine, you want to create that potion, right? It's a metaphor by the way, it's not really a potion, okay? You want to create that outcome to solve the problem or to manifest the outcome. 

So, these are the protocols, all right? So, let's work through some of them, all right? I'm going to give you the formula first, right? And then, I'll tell you where to find it, okay? So, now I know for some of you who are very, very new will probably find this part slightly challenging, okay? But I don't want you guys to go and say, oh, I'm confused, don't do that, don't do that, just absorb like a sponge. Everyone type in the text right now, absorb like a sponge, all right? You have to program yourself to do that. Now, also, when I'm going through this, there will be for some group of people, there'll be a sudden frenzy to say, where's the chart, where's the chart, where's the chart? For this group of people, slap yourself, slap, slap, slap, all right? Listen, the charts, you will find that later, all right? Later, at some point when you have access, when you find your access to the day charts and hour charts, later on, you will have an opportunity to find that, all right? For the time being, you're going to just register the what's, W-H-A-T, what, all right? What is the protocol? Is it okay, guys? All right, yeah? We start with that first, yeah? Because later on then, after you know, okay, roughly what it is, then you will go down to searching the charts and then about actually using them. 

Because you already have a manifesting framework calendar, right? You just have to fill up which ones to use. We'll talk about that later, okay? All right, let's start with this, right? I think health, health is a big thing, right? When you need to use health protocols, right? A protocol, once again, there's some confused people here again, again, a health protocol is basically what star and what constellation you're selecting in order to use for the manifesting process. It's the magic ingredient, if you will, okay? When I give you the examples later on, you will see. 

Right now, I just give you what it is first, okay? So suppose you have fatigue, chronic stress, or recurring health issues, right? When I say all these symptoms, if you guys have any of this, just type, yes, right? I have this, or yeah, me, right? So I know that I'm helping more people here, right? Any of you have neglecting your own rest and nutrition due to overwork, emotional strains perhaps, right? That turn into physical symptoms, any of you, right? Or maybe sometimes you have a lack of self-care and then you have a lot of health issues and all that, right? So when you have health-related issues, we normally have to deploy what we call health protocols, okay? And usually the purpose is for deep restoration and system resets. Deep restoration, system resets, okay? We're coming to that, right? We're coming to that. So this is to rebuild your energy and your nervous system capacity, transforming burnout into resilience and creating a body that sustains higher frequency living, all right? So the way to do that, the first component that is necessary, the first component that's necessary must be grain. 

That means we want to find the cheeman traps that first contain grain, okay? Now, grain can be anywhere. Grain can be in the southwest, in the north, in the east, in the west, right? So you look for this word called grain, okay? Everyone? Grain. Now, in order for you to fix this, the restoration component must contain the first one, the first option is all the wood constellations. 

And these are the wood constellations, right? Put it here. Horn, deeper, astrid, and well. Horn, deeper, astrid, and well.

So whenever you see this component together, this is already the protocol for health, deep restoration, and system resets. The question now would then be the next step, which is the most sophisticated step, is now you need to add in whether the stems, the doors, or the deities, all right? The choice of stems, doors, and deities, that will come later, okay? First, I tell you the components first, all right? So there's always a primary component and a secondary component because it's not always possible to say, you know, whenever you need it, you cannot wait for this grain to become, to lock in with a wood constellation, might take a long time. So are there secondary protocols? Of course there are, all right? In fact, there are a few that you could choose from. 

So the other component that we normally use is the healing component of the moon. So moon constellations are, now I know some of you like, you're fighting me, all right? You're just, just relax and listen, all right? Just relax and listen. I know, I know, but I am confused.

Slap yourself out of it. It's okay. Listen. 

By the time I finish this, you, you, you tend to get the drift, all right? You got to trust me on this, all right? You got to go take slowly because you're learning something more sophisticated and advanced right now. Those who have learned shaman from me for some time, can you help out those who are new? Would you be able to do that so that I can cover more? Yeah? Cool? All right. So I want a helpful environment here, right? You're going to help each other out to the best that you can because, um, this stuff, this system that I'm sharing with you here is a combination of many, many, many, many years of studies, of practice, of empirical usage. 

I've used it. My students have used it and they give me the feedback. Now I'm compiling it for you. 

All right? So, all right. You, you, you're saving years of time. So take note of that. 

Yeah. Okay. So the moon constellations are heart, the danger, net and bow. 

Heart, danger, net and bow. These are the secondary protocols that whenever to combine together with the, uh, this grain will set in motion for deep restoration and system resets. Okay. 

Now amongst them on a deeper level, a deeper, can I go deeper? Yeah. On a deeper level, there are three specific core fixes that we could deploy such formations for. Uh, number one, healing burnout. 

So you could recover from overwork, stress, emotional exhaustion, uh, that, you know, dulls your drive for life. Um, obviously you'd still need a, a perfect command, which you studied from a part three, right? You add that on together on dates that has this formations in that particular sector. What's that? And she, um, yes, of course in your health sector, but that will come later. 

The application later I'll apply. Now it's just the formula first. A protocol is just a formula. 

Okay. So, uh, or you could reclaim self-care, like stop feeling guilty for resting or taking time for help. Once you do that, you'll restore yourself or you just, you can also use this to rebuild energy cycles, to recreate a new patterns of vitality. 

So your body heals itself. So it will fix your constant fatigue, brain fall, emotional flatness, or healing energies. Okay. 

Now, of course the correct protocol involves the perfect command. You have to write the perfect command as well. Right? So the command still have to command the deity. 

All right. And of course, now you link it to the constellation. So watch this, right? So refer to the deity. 

Some people like to use the word invocation. I like to use the word command the deity, uh, connect to constellation. Okay. 

So you already have the constellation, which obviously is linked together right now with the grain stars already as a grain star. So connect together equals activation. So now the dates and times are activated. 

Now you issue the, the perfect command. Everything will fall into place. The whole goal here is to achieve heaven, earth, human spirit alignment. 

Okay. All right. I'm going to move on first. 

Later on, I will show you a few examples. All right. I'm sure. 

All right. So here's another one, right? So the first one was, um, we, we talked about the, uh, uh, healing, right? Health related. Now, this one is emotional, right? Remember I said the other protocols is for, uh, people who have issues, right? Uh, difficulty expressing, understanding emotions, um, emotional numbness and detachment as like, oh, you know, uh, love is all bad. 

It was get betrayed, you know, or fear of intimacy, uh, fear of connection, uh, vulnerability, overthinking feelings, um, not being able to find someone to connect with somehow relationships don't last, not being able to find the right one, right? So it cannot experience connection with others. I mean, the list goes on, right? Uh, or difficulty or to attract a relationship, always the wrong one, always end up betrayal or feeling empty or disconnected. Okay. 

All these are symptoms. So in this case, you will need the protocol for emotions and relationships recovery or enhancement. So by using this, we call this emotional alchemy. 

Okay. So there are specific components for this, right? So to master your emotional regulation and connection to transmute that chaos and attachment and overreaction into coherence, confidence and harmonious relationship with other people. So what do you do with this? Right? So you need to involve the heart. 

Now we all know that the heart star represents regulation system structure and is the total opposite of emotion, which is fluid. But right now you're adding structure to the fluid. That's why the emotions are under control and manage well, and therefore be able to function at the highest level.

That's why you must use the heart. Okay. So what is it for? What is it? What are the fixes? Well, the fixes would be to feel great again, right? To heal emotional numbness and shut down after a heartbreak or rejection, disappointment. 

We're going to use this component. So remember the heart. I haven't told you the constellation yet. 

So relax. Yeah. And we talk about balance, uh, attachment. 

So stop chasing and fixing or pleasing others, uh, to earn love or validation, right? Or to protect your own heart, to keep empathy without absorbing everyone's chaos. How many of you need this? Or you know someone who needs this, or do you know someone who actually needs, um, you know, to fix problems like attracting emotionally unavailable partners all the time and need to fix that. Or you have a lot of, uh, overreacting or, or withdrawing into conflicts when, uh, you, you don't really mean to. 

Well, then this is the protocol for it. Okay. So what are you going to use? Well, first you need the heart. 

The heart is the main component. All right. Then you need these four constellations specifically. 

Okay. These four will form the best possible outcome for you. The ox, the stomach, the bow, and the carriage. 

Okay. The ox, the stomach, bow and carriage. All right. 

These constellations specifically. All right. Now these components will work in different ways. 

Obviously, obviously you might need to add in, of course, which deity or which door, which step. That is the refinement part, but the minimum component for this protocol. Okay. 

So if you listen to, um, some of my guided, uh, uh, manifesting, sometimes I put it on, uh, on, um, my, uh, telegram, right? You hear me use, I always reference this, uh, components and it's usually related to something, something, love or relationship is because of this. Okay. So you want to add these components in and you notice that we have left out the, the dragon. 

Uh, if you're, if you know constellation detail, I left out the green dragon group. So these four specifically. Okay. 

These four. Now in general, this is the, that's the first protocol. The second protocol in general, you could use any of the water constellations. 

The water constellations involves wall, Orion and Baskin and also carriage because water represents emotions, right? So any of the water constellations. All right. Now as to exactly which component you want to add in, like, should I get the, the, the, uh, six harmony? Do I need this? Do I need that? Depends on your actual issue that you're trying to solve. 

Does that part we already discussed in parts one, two, and three, right? Which dating to use right now, this, this part, part four is about using the stars because you're trying to turn. Remember the problem, the, the one lacking the poverty into a breakthrough. So you initiate a protocol for the manifesting and protocol involves using a star together with a constellation. 

All right. And where do you find it? You find it in the day charts or you find it in the hour charts. Okay. 

Now at this point we have not involved which level of the deity. Not yet. That part already be discussed in part three, but we can add that on as an additional layer for these components. 

Okay. Now, are there exceptions to the protocols? Of course they are, but this is for as standard as possible. I could give you right now. 

Okay. So far so good. We'll come to an example. 

I just do cover all this. Yeah. Now let's describe another scenario, right? Are there scenarios where, guys, are you following me so far? Yeah. 

Yeah. Angela, Victoria. Yeah. 

All good. Okay. Are there scenarios where people feel unsupported or always carrying a burden alone or always struggling to trust others or to delegate responsibilities? Are there people like that? Are there people who constantly feel they lack mentorship and always lacking reliable guidance or people supporting them? They're always the helper or seldom the one being helped. 

Yeah. So this is a support issue. Therefore, you need divine alliance protocol for support. 

The protocol for support is called divine alliance. That means you need to call in divine timing, guidance, and human allies. You need to manifest mentors and collaborators and communities that elevate your journey. 

How many of you need this type of one right now? Okay. I'm giving you the formulas already, so you got to pay attention. Yeah.

Okay. Cool. All right. 

So every formula, every formula, every protocol has always the main and the sub. The two sets of protocols, the main and the sub. Obviously the main ones are better, but the sub ones are there because sometimes you cannot wait until a protocol appears, right? Okay. 

You guys ready? So once you activate the divine alliance, which is the support protocol, you'll fix three main things. Number one, ending the lone wolf pattern, right? Or this is where you feel that you must do everything alone. You feel retired because no one helps you out.

It will end that. You change that. It will help you trust guidance again, inner guidance, other people, right? Healing from a betrayal or a failed collaboration. 

You know, here's the thing, right guys? A lot of success in this world depends on partnerships. Problem is if you got burned before, how many of you got burned from a partnership before? How many of you? Type a me right now. Isaac, right? Noah. 

Yeah. You got burned from partnerships before, right? Okay. So therefore you now don't like the partner, right? Because you don't want to go through that hassle again. 

Here's the thing. A lot of success also requires collaboration, and if you don't heal from the first betrayal, you don't learn from it, you're not going to get into the fast lane for success because success depends on others, right? Depends on the help of other people, right? So you want to fix that. This is the protocol for it, and you can join mentors and clients and partners who can amplify your strength. 

So you want to attract true allies, right? And the problem we're trying to fix with this protocol, is this helpful for you guys? Is this something you're looking for? Yeah, right? Think about how is this useful in your life right now. Let's just hear some of you, right? We talked about the help protocol just now. We talked about emotional protocol, right? A while ago, and now we're talking about the support protocol. 

Can you guys relate and write down here, if you could use this successfully, what would it have solved for you? Just write it down. Just write it down. How much is it worth to you if you deploy this successfully and solve one of that problem in your life? What does it mean to you? This is important, I want you to say that, right? I want you to see, right? The moment you think about this, you know, ah, I can apply it in this aspect. 

I have this problem, now I'm going to solve with this problem. I have this health issue, I'm going to solve with this issue. And how much is it worth for you? What's the value in that, solving this problem for you? What does it mean to you? Think about it. 

Okay? So if you could solve the, you know, trusting other people again, would that really change your life? How much is that worth to you? Right? The reason I want you to say, see this, is so that you know that you have a decision inside that, I'm going to apply this. I'm going to make this work. How many of you are going to make this work? Type of me right now.

Okay? You partner others again. Okay. So the protocol here involves, the support protocol involves the pillar. 

So the pillar starts, right? This is the pillar. Look for the pillar. So you could day trust, hour trust, whatever, right? You look for the pillar. 

Now again, the pillar can be, the pillar can be in the southeast, the pillar can be in the south, the pillar can be in the northeast, can be anywhere, right? So of course, we are again, now again, there are people who are just easily confused, right? What I just showed you is called the dynamic charts. There are two types of charts here. I'll just break away from this for a while, just so to explain to those who are screaming because they are confused. 

It's not confusing. There are only two types of charts. Let me show you. 

Guys, put up the charts. Static, dynamic. Okay? Static chart, dynamic chart. 

What is the static chart? The chart that doesn't change. Your birth date and time. That's your destiny chart. 

That's called static. Hello, guys, are you following me? Type of one of you guys are following. Yes? Okay, static. 

That doesn't change. It's your chart, you're born with that. So the reason why I see some of you guys, oh, I don't know my chart, I don't know this, I don't know that, the reason for that is because you haven't plotted your achievement destiny chart. 

So please go and do that. Can some of you guys help those who are struggling? Yeah? Help them. And also on Telegram as well, where they can find their destiny chart.

So once you print it, you'll be all right. Okay? You have the chart. So that is a static, doesn't change. 

Now what changes? The dynamic charts. And what are dynamic charts? Dynamic charts are the day chart and hour chart. Okay? Where do you find the day charts? You find the day charts in this, the manifesting calendar. 

This is one of the many sources you could find the day charts. Okay? The day charts are here. There are other sources like the Tongshu, the daily Tongshu, the daily desktop calendar, and there's many sources. 

So it's not a problem, you will find it later. Right? Or you just learn to plot it yourself. It's not that hard. 

So please don't scream. Relax. Type the word chill. 

Everybody type the word chill. Okay? All right, chill. All right. 

So it's possible to find the day charts and the hour charts. All right? The hour charts are all software driven these days. Okay? So it's not difficult at all. 

All right? Even in the calendar, there are certain hours that are highlighted for you. So relax. So again, static, dynamic. 

So static chart, what happens is, right, on your static chart, which is your destiny chart, you have a list of sectors that belong to different aspects of your life. There is a health sector, there's a career sector, there's a destiny sector. Yes or no? Right, guys, are you following? Yeah? All right. 

You got to pay attention and stop asking too many, I'm sorry to say, dumb questions, because the dumb question is blocking good information coming into you. All right? So shut the fuck up and listen, right, if you want to learn. All right.

So here's the thing. So you have certain sectors that has your wealth sector, your career sector, your wellness sector, blah, blah, blah. That's the static chart. 

So what happens is when the dynamic gives you the component that enters into your static chart, which is your NATO chart, that's the gateway, the portal now opens. And that is the timing or the day where you will sit in quietness, go through the manifesting framework from intent to alignment to command, and then you conquer by taking action, and then you will see the evidential occurrences, the outcome is manifested. Simple. 

Okay? It's actually very simple. Yeah? Don't complicate it, it's actually very simple. So if you find it a little bit sophisticated, learn as you listen along, you get the drift. 

Okay? All right. All right. Now, so when we're talking about the protocols for support, right, you got to involve the pillar and together with the constellations that is associated with metal. 

Metal constellations are neck, ox, mound, and ghost. Neck, ox, mound, and ghost, because these are also metal element that support the metal element of the pillar. Okay? So these four constellations specifically are metal, and this is the first protocol. 

Of course, the selection of the deity and the doors will be up to you to refine it, which exact thing that you're trying to derive the outcome, right? But generally, these two components must be present. Protocol number two for this is the backup protocol for this, for support is to use any of the white tiger components, the white tiger constellations, and they are astrid, mound, stomach, pleiades, neck, beak, and aurean. The white tiger constellations, astrid, mound, stomach, pleiades, neck, beak, and aurean. 

Now, I know some of you guys, but I don't know this, I don't know that, I have a problem with this. Okay, here's the thing, right? In every Qimen Chuan, guys, relax, relax, in every Qimen Chuan, the constellations and the elements are actually written on the sides, right? But not to worry, I will send you a copy of all the 28 constellations and the elements on telegram, all right? I'll send you on telegram, so relax, I just want you to listen for now, you won't miss anything, just listen, all right? This is important, write down as you can. If you miss it, you miss it, go to the next one, all right? Okay, don't worry, someone will summarize for you. 

Now, so for some people, let's talk about the next protocol, right? Next protocol, so that was the protocol for support. The next protocol, let's talk about symptoms first. If you have the symptoms, type a number three here, okay? You always seem to attract people or environments that are toxic, manipulative, or unsafe.

Or you felt, sometimes you feel ill or there's a streak of bad luck that you go through. It's almost like your luck is being drained by other people. Or sometimes you feel that you are psychically or spiritually attacked by people who are jealous. 

Or you feel constantly under energetic and emotional attack, when not, even though you're not conscious about it, but you do feel it. Or there are repeated patterns of betrayal in your life, it's repeated, it's not just one betrayal, it's over and over again, abuse and violation of trust, all right? Or you know anyone who has this, type a three so I can see. And you might often confuse empathy with obligation, like you absorb other people's pain or negativity as if it's your own, even though it's not yours, right? And then you experience burnt out or bad luck, even though, you know, all of a sudden, all you did was accept a gift from other people. 

Here's the thing when it comes to achievement, if your energy is weak, and there's a stranger giving you a gift, and inside the gift there's like a coin for example, or an object that have been using for a long time, I would suggest that you reject the gift, or you take the gift and give it back to nature, bury it, okay? Don't simply accept gifts from strangers, especially on items that they've been using for a long time, because some people are vicious, not all people, there are the small percentage that are vicious, and they learn the one thing that some bad masters teach them, all you have to do is send your bad luck and give it to the other person, but they must accept it as a gift, and then they will share your bad luck. So what you do is, don't simply accept, but what if you accidentally accept, especially clothes from other people that they've been wearing, and they've gone through bad luck, they've been wearing it for a long time, and somehow they did a ritual and they give that to you, now you have shared half the bad luck, you suddenly fall sick, okay? Unless of course you're a great patsa and you have, you know, a very high level chief, they cannot attack you, but sometimes you have a low level energy, and that period of time is not so good, and also sometimes people touch your head and touch your shoulders, right, they will eliminate some of your luck, or they send some of their luck to you, especially when you are in a negative downward spiral, so don't let simply people touch your head or shoulders, okay? So anyway, there is a way to stop this, is to actually increase your protection, so we, how many of you need this, right? If you need this, I share the protocol with you, right? Now, before you need this, can you tell me what would this do for you? What do you think it would do for you? It will help protect you from crisis, it's called crisis aversion protocols, or power of protection, you can command a total energetic shield, shielding yourself from curses, dark forces, manipulation, or interference, so nothing external can distort you from your path of happiness and success. How many of you think that this is important? Type of one, type of me, right? Yeah, there's some people out there not so good, right? Okay, so what do you need? That's why, okay, are you ready for a protocol or what, right? Okay, so that's why the first component of this protocol involves destructor, okay? Destructor is a very powerful protective element. 

The greatest defense is offense, you know, okay? You gotta send it back to them, so there are core fixes that this could do the moment you deploy the protocol for protection. You can shield your energy, stay protected from envy, curses, energetic sabotage from other people, you could cut hidden attachments, and you end the freaking cycle of bad luck, nightmares, or psychic drain from unseen forces, okay? And you can also anchor your authority so no one, a person, or spirit can overpower your energy, okay? So you gotta deploy the destructor. So destructor can be in any of these four sectors in your dynamic chart. 

Which chart again? Dynamic. What are dynamic charts? Type the answer. Day and hour, okay? Day and hour, all right? So the most powerful ones the protocol involves using the sun components. 

Which are the sun components from the constellations? The sun components are house, void, pleiades, and star, okay? House, void, pleiades, and star. You've experienced using void before, right? For the cleansing and removing of negative energies, remember that? That was the void constellation. October 23rd, remember? The cleansing. 

How many of you felt better? How about me right now? Right? You followed through, felt better, right? Okay, that's the protocol, all right? So this one, I'm going to share one with you, right? There's always a backup protocol, but let's just go with this because sometimes we get confused. Oh, you tell me so many things. I'm going to tell you just one thing then, all right? Just one thing, keep it easy. 

So once you see this component, right, in your chart and it lands on your soul palace. Yeah, I'm going to give you the second component on the soul palace. You want to protect your soul, right? Where is your soul palace? Anyone? Okay, you don't know where it is? Yeah, no good. 

So here is your Qimen destiny chart. It's a Qimen destiny chart. Search for, run your fingers through your eight sectors. 

Where's the box that says soul? There it is, right? Okay, type direction here. Type, type, type. Okay, cool. 

So all you have to do is wait for the component of the destructor entering into the sector of this soul. Okay, all right, got it? Now, another version of this, the protocol involves the fire group of constellations. The fire group of constellations are, you guys are having a tail, room, beak and wing. 

Tail, room, beak and wing. These are fire constellations. So the moment you add fire together with the destructor, you can use this as a protocol for the initiation of protection and crisis aversion. 

Of course, it involves the correct command, the perfect command. And of course, you still have to refer to whether there's the right deity or the door and all that. That comes later, right? You've already got that some studies of this on part two and part three, right? So to form the perfect manifesting scenario, you got to initiate the protocol. 

Okay, so this is good, right? All right, later on, I'll give you a more extensive example. But how many of you find that this alone, just having this one skill alone, is worth your entire time here at this training? Just this alone? Type of me right now. Right? What sort of problems would it have solved in your life? Just type it out. 

I just want to see it, right? You guys are not rushing off, right? I just want to spend more time making sure you guys all understand and learn more, right? Cool? Yeah, wow, nice. Okay, now then there's the next protocol, right? Before I tell you what it is, let's see the symptoms. How about those who feel that they're never aligned with luck? They're always unlucky. 

They're always unlucky, like constant resistance and unexplained freaking delays, right? The opportunity appears and then you slip away, right in front of their eyes, right? Always, by the time they want to do something, they miss the ball just by a split second. And this disrupts their confidence all the time. Something good happens and it's taken away, okay? So what do you need? You need the protocol for luck, the fortune catalyst to reignite this. 

This is what, one of the favorites for most people using Qiman, okay? It's just that not many people do this on a conscious level. You want to enter the flow of divine timing, activating synchronicity, you know, effortless breakthroughs and right place, right time thing, right? How many of you need this? Especially at the start of year coming, right? Guys, you gotta listen to this. The year of the crimson horse, definitely a lot of people need this.

Like so many people need this, okay? So what's the protocol? The protocol involves the ambassador, right? Involves the ambassador. This is super important. The ambassador is one that unlocks good fortune, okay? Unlocks good fortune. 

Now, in order for good fortune to prevail, you need to add in the green dragon constellations. Green dragon constellations are horn, neck, foundation, house, heart, tail and basket. Green dragon constellations, okay? So once this happens, you can stop forcing, letting go, right? Or trying to push for outcomes that will align with the perfect timing. 

Good things happen to good people, right? Projects almost working, but not quite landing, will start to work again. Sometimes we call this stalted fish come back to life. Okay? This is the technique. 

Good fortune. Anyway, there's a sophisticated layer for this, but we're running out of time, so I gotta speed this up a little bit, okay? So you look for these components. Guys, can I just speed this up a little bit? All right? So the next one is symptoms like you learn a lot, but no one recognizes your talent.

You know a lot of stuff, but you still make a lot of mistakes. You're constantly confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, everything confused, confused, confused. Why I cannot understand? Why I cannot understand? Why other people understand I cannot understand? Everything you don't like. 

I don't like this. I don't like that. I cannot hear. 

I cannot see. I cannot do. I cannot do. 

I cannot do. Everything's a problem, right? And constantly misguided. You always listen to one thing and then do the other, right? Follow misguided advice, and then that lack of discernment. 

You can't differentiate right or wrong, wrong or right. When it's right, it's wrong for you. When it's wrong, it's actually right for you. 

That sort of thing. And you act without clarity. That's called what? That's a wisdom problem. 

So what do you do? You need the protocol for wisdom. I call this quantum vision activation. So you need to awaken to higher foresight to actually be able to learn from the lessons because otherwise the lessons will repeat. 

How many of you resonate with this? Or you know someone who definitely needs to activate wisdom because they're constantly confused, right? Constantly don't know how. I don't know how. I don't know how. 

I mean, you look at investments, right? People always want, this is the best for investments by the way, but people want to make more money. All you have to do is stop doing dumb shit to yourself when it comes to finance. Come on, ask yourself this question, right? How many people think back, if you just have not done the three dumbest financial mistakes in the past in your life, how rich would you be today? Just think about that, right? If you think about the three biggest financial mistakes that you make and you didn't make that, how rich would you be today? Right? And the problem is you keep making those mistakes, right? You could have studied the pattern. 

You could have understood how markets work. You could have understood how economies work. You could have understood how forex work. 

You could have understood it, but it was too confusing. It was too difficult. No, it's not. 

You just have to awaken the higher foresight and some intuitive intelligence to decipher the noise and get the right information, right? Everything is a question of seeing patterns, right? Seeing data in a way that you can understand. So activating the protocol for wisdom is the key. So which is this, right? So this is why the assistant star is used. 

The assistant star is the main component, right? And we're going to use the protocol together with the moon constellations, right? Moon constellations, the heart, the danger, the net, the boat, all these are moon constellations, okay? So now you have that. Now, of course, there's a secondary protocols, but let's go with the first one first, yeah? So doing this, you will understand then how to make sense of information. There'll be true inner knowing, strengthening your decision-making and never letting a mistake repeat itself. 

You understand how small moves connect to long-term breakthroughs and you will never be paralyzed by analysis. You will never overthink. You will understand exactly what to do and you'll have more confidence in your life and you will never be confused, no more. 

You just understood, okay, I know what to do now. How many of you think that this will be the biggest thing if you're going to achieve this? So it's quite simple, right? All you need is the assistant together with heart or danger constellation. Don't let the terms frighten you. 

It's just the name of the constellation, right? The world, they combine together, you get to activate this and all you need is the perfect command that you've already learned to add it right here and voila, manifesting 100%, okay? All right, all right, let's move on. Next one is obviously related to money, right? What if money comes and goes easily and this lack of stability is never enough? There's never financial discipline and then there's constantly feeling of, oh, you know, there's not enough money here and then, you know, very difficult to attract money. It's always struggling to make ends meet or you're going to make a lot of money but somehow you don't, you don't know where the cash go.

Like your business seems to be doing well but where's the cash? What do you do? You need to deploy the wealth protocols, right? And I call this wealth windfalls and big moves. Windfalls are not just lottery, although many people think it's lottery. I would think a windfall is a grand opportunity for you to open up a market, dominate a space and go have a quantum leap in terms of your career or business. 

How many of you agree with this type of one? So, don't think small about, oh, just a lottery. I think the biggest lottery in life is when you can open up a new market and have never-ending consistent revenue. Wouldn't that be a much better thing, right? So, expanding your capacity to receive, hold and multiply wealth is the key here, right? So, the fixes of this is financial instability. 

This protocol fixes financial instability. It fixes money anxiety. It makes success more consistent, okay? And obviously, at the byproduct, your investments, opportunities and bold ideas can move forward.

That's what we want, all right? So, the protocol involves here the grass, okay? And you've got to specifically, there are seven constellations that involve money, okay? Seven constellations. I'll give you a few of them. First one is a street. 

A street is a very powerful wealth constellation Orion is a very powerful wealth constellation. Pleiades is a very powerful wealth constellation, okay? And you know all this belong to the white tiger, but not all white tiger group has money. Only the street. 

A street, Pleiades and Orion, okay? Now, there are others, but these three, in particular, if you're looking for immediate wealth, this will be faster. The fastest is the white tiger constellations, okay? So, anyway, this is the first part of it, right? So, having dates and times where this enter where? Your wealth palace, your wealth palace could be in the east, west or wherever, and you see, wow, the constellation arrives, and then you deploy the technique, the right command and the right activities, the manifesting becomes a reality, okay? Let me quickly cover the last two first, and then we go through some examples and cover what's missing, all right? So, the other one is to be seen, to be unstoppable, we need to utilize the visibility protocol. You know, this is the issue where you're trying to fix, you know, where people cannot notice you, you work hard, but you feel unseen, and then you want validation, but then you fear exposure at the same time, right? You don't like to be criticized, you have a very soft skin or thin skin. 

They say, oh, say something, you feel embarrassed or you feel hurt by other people, right? Your reputation doesn't match your effort, you don't project confidence, and people don't notice you at all, but you yearn for that visibility. So, step into, using this protocol helps you step into authentic visibility, to magnetize recognition and influence and to lead, because if people don't follow you, how the hell are you going to be a leader, right? This is like a career thing, right? If people don't see you, you're not going to excel in your career. This is the problem. 

How many of you think this is the one that you needed, right? So, to release fear of judgment is one of the key, to overcome fear of being seen, firstly, to own your message, to speak from truth, not perfection, but truth, so people feel your real power, to show up fully, being visible and feels natural, with charisma, right? Stop playing small, right? You don't want to stay hidden anymore, even when you're ready for more, it's time for you to step up. You're missing promotions, you're missing recognition and clients overload you because you don't stand out, but once you initiate this protocol, things change, okay? Things change. So, the hero is necessary, okay? Firstly, hero. 

Now, there's a set of constellations that we normally take into consideration when you want to activate the hero, neck is one of them, danger, beak, ghost, okay? Neck, danger, beak, ghost is the first set of protocols. Generally, it enhances the quality of the hero and it gets your message across, all right? There's a part two of this, but let's just talk about part one for now. And of course, you got to combine this together with the right deities and the right doors, all right? And the right perfect command and then you get the outcome, all right? And now, finally, bird. 

I'll leave this to the last one because not many Qimen practitioners know when the bird appears and when not, because bird is always hidden together with green in the Qimen chart. A lot of you don't know this, don't know that green and bird is it together? Why? Okay, yeah, there's a reason for it, okay? There's a reason for it. So, I'm not going to go into the details of this. 

I'm just going to tell you what it is first. If you're feeling disconnected from deeper meaning or purpose, if you are focused only on tangible goals but lack inner peace and inner fulfillment, or you fail to somehow feel gratitude or somehow felt that something is amiss, that you're not living to your higher purpose, right? Or maybe there's always this pattern of recurring problems or resentment, you don't even know why. Or there's trauma, right? That you can't overcome, the darkness somewhere inside that you have kept inside for a long time.

Or you could have inherited some patterns, some karmic debt or from your past lives or even future lives, you don't even know yet, right? Because past, present, future, it's the same thing. A lot of people think future is ahead. No, it's actually, remember I said before, it's like a book. 

Everyone's life is like a book, right? Time is like a book. The starting and ending of the chapters of your life is already inside this book right now in the now. So, past and present is already in now, okay? So, that interlinks because time dimension in the spiritual world is not exactly linear. 

How many of you get this? Have a one. Yeah? So, maybe you've inherited some patterns that are not so good and you keep reliving some stories. So, your path needs to be cleared, needs to be realigned, to be divinely directed.

You want to break old cycles, right? You want to find true direction in life and you want to call back your power that you used to have, right? Stop scattering energy on people and roles and regrets and this keeps draining your focus. So, you want to regain. So, this is called the Karma Breaker, spirituality protocols, okay? So, this one involves the bird. 

Very important, yeah? The bird. Now, for this, we normally use the sun and moon, right? But there are exceptions to the rules for this because specifically, the willow is one of the most spiritual, powerfully connected constellations, okay? Even though it's not part of sun and moon, but we also use the willow, all right? So, that's the constellation. Now, how do we use this? That's the sophisticated level, right? I'll show you the generic versions of this first, all right? Are you guys ready? All right? So, I want you guys to now reflect this on your life, all these nine for now, okay? Don't worry about the details of application.

I just want you to think as if you can apply any of these protocols in which aspects of your life that you will see an immediate reward and improvement. Write it down right now. Think about it.

If any one of these, you deploy successfully, these protocols, how would they get from where you are right now to where you want to be close? This is important, okay? I want you to think about that. So, who wants to master these nine protocols? Who wants? Type of me right now. Now, listen. 

The reality is this. It's not a want. It's now a need. 

The world is changing. You know the world is changing, right? Look at this. 2026 is the year of the crimson horse, and I think it will mark an enormous transformation around the world. 

I mean, trade war 2.0, ongoing conflicts, intensification of the AI race, big time. So, I think all of you guys are no longer like, oh I want to do this. You need to do this. 

A lot of people think about it, right? The challenges for the ordinary person become so enormous, and the only way to overcome this is to upskill. Think about this. Volatility is at its all-time high, and often through manipulation. 

I said this at the start of the year during our Foshan Astrology event, and financial roller coasters, right? Mistrust, shifting consumer behavior, polarity of extremism. I mean, you see it right now, isn't it? Right? And there's this new unpredictability as the new baseline. So, the world is not changing, guys. 

The world has changed, and this actually comes from this person called Sir John Glubb, and he said this, the fate of empires, and you guys should read this book. He studied over a thousand empires and found a very striking pattern. Most major empires last approximately 250 years, about 10 generations, and before they decline or they collapse.

And he studied that, and if you look at this, right? You look at this. Assyria, right, back in the day is 859 to 612 BC, 247 years. The Persian Empire, 538 to 330 BC, about 208 years, right? You look at Greece, Alexander and his successor, 331 to 100 BC, also about 231 years. 

The Roman Republic, 260 to 27 BC, 233 years, right? And you fast forward all the way to the Ottoman Empire, right? 1320 to 1570, 250 years, right? The Spain Empire, Spanish Empire, quite recent, right? In the history, 1500 to 1750, exactly 250 years. The Romanov Russian Empire, 1682 to 1916, 234 years. Britain, 1700s to 1950, 250 years. 

Now, let's look at the eastern side of the world. Tang Dynasty, one of the most powerful dynasties, if not the most powerful when it comes to culture, science, and all this metaphysics technology, right? 618 to 907, lasted 289 years, but slightly exceeding, but very close to the 250 mark because the last couple of years are mired in war and decline. Ming Dynasty, same thing, endured 276 years, closely aligning to the cycle, but bear in mind the last three emperors were shit, right? And so really it's almost a 250-year cycle, right? And then if you look at the Qing Dynasty, 1644 to 1912, ruled for 268 years, but as you know, the last couple of years, the decline of the Qing, the last three emperors, also fitting roughly the 250 years framework. 

Okay, now this is important observation, right? The reason why metaphysics is so important today, right? So I'm matching western science together with metaphysics. There are five common stages when empires fall and rebuild. These common stages are number one, pioneering and conquest, commerce and wealth creation, intellectual expansion, decadence, internal division, overreach, and the fifth is collapse or irrelevance. 

These are the five stages. Now, here are the warning signs. Guys, take note of this. 

It may also be your biggest opportunity. Even though right now you're saying that, oh no, it's struggling and you're having issues, but sometimes people need to know what's coming in order to take advantage of the opportunities. The question is, do you want in or out? Do you want in or out in this opportunity? So here are the warning signs, okay? In the US today, which is global number one superpower, there's deepening political polarization. 

Agree or not? Yes or no? There's rising debt and unsustainable military spending. There's cultural fragmentation and social unrest, and you see that all the time. And there's a declining trust in institutions.

There's growing competition from China and a multi-polar world. Think about that. Is it true? And there's a shift from innovation to stagnation in many sectors. 

And here's the thing. Here's the thing. The United States was officially founded on July 4th, 1776, the date of Declaration of Independence. 

So USA turns 250 years in 2026, the year of the horse. This makes the 250-year empire cycle especially relevant now, which is why many historians, analysts and cultural commentators are paying close attention to this moment in time. And it's a powerful symbolic threshold on one that invites both reflection and prediction.

But that's not the only thing. In fact, there are two critical occurrences that I think you should take note of. Period 9 is in full swing right now. 

And the next two years, the Crimson Horse and Blood Goat Calamity. Let me write this down for you. Peng Wuye, Fire Horse, is known as the Crimson Horse. 

Peng Wei is known as the Blood Goat. And every 60 years that transits with these two years in particular, historically, China is in a chaotic situation. The last time this happened was the Cultural Revolution.

The last time it happened was the downfall of the Qing Dynasty. And you can trace that all the way to the Song Dynasty. Every time this year happens, China is chaotic. 

So we can say from Western perspective and Eastern perspective, there seems to be a converging point. The time of change has come. And Period 9 will be in its full swing. 

Technological advancement, shifting societal norms, heightened interest in spirituality, all this is happening at once. And of Crimson Horse and Blood Goat years, their reputation for instability is crazy. You just look back, 60 years ago, 1966-67, upheavals that were historically turbulent years for civil rights protests in the US and the beginning of China's Cultural Revolution and in the States. 

Historically, in those two years, the US faced racial protests and systemic inequality issues. Cultural Revolution happened in China. It started in 1966, marking major political cultural shift. 

So these are the three things that you need to do after this training. With all these protocols and manifestings that you learn, this will give you a head start of all other people who are not preparing. How many of you are into this to improve your life and make 2026 your best year ever? Tell me right now.

So here's the thing. You write this down. The first thing you need to do is you need to double down on proven systems. 

That means you need to have mentors, a living system that you can refer to. You need frameworks and formulas. That means something that works. 

It's no time for you to trial and error, guys. You want to trial and error, you should have done that two years ago. If you're struggling now, you will struggle even more in the next two years due to this shift that is happening. 

If you're struggling now, you will struggle even more due to this shift that's happening. So you need process maps, you need checklists, you need goal-setting systems. You should write this down. 

If you're struggling now, you will struggle even more. You should mark my words for that. What you need is you need to find your tribe.

You need a community with shared values, a safe place to fail in case you need to trial and error and to celebrate and calibrate and to learn from one another. Super important. And listen to this, play the long game, right? Throw the long view in, championship runs, right? It's a game of who sticks around longer because the next two years, it will disrupt everybody and that's what's happening. 

And if you have any ounce of strength or capacity or energy left, you should make your move now. This is the time to make that transformation before the year of the crimson horse. Now guys, I started teaching qi men in 2012. 

Back then, you know, it made perfect sense to focus on business, right? Warcraft for business. Because qi men was created for war, for strategy, for power plays, right? Naturally, look at some of you guys are asking for the strategic execution and all that, right? And actually map out to modern life. At that time, the economy and the world is very different. 

So I get that towards mainly for entrepreneurs, execs and consultants. But over the years, most profound transformation that I've ever witnessed, they didn't happen on the battlefield. They didn't come from a business decision or a negotiation or a clever move on the organisation chart. 

They came from people who use qi men to get what they actually wanted without the fight. Not more power, not more clients, not even more money. They wanted love, connection, meaning. 

You think about it. Most men want to be rich. Why? Come on. 

I mean, a woman is already rich right here. How many of you want to be rich? Most men. I'm asking the men here. 

Why? Because money is a proxy for competence. Billionaires are attractive, but so is the guy who can fix the toaster or hang the shelf, right? Come on. Think about it. 

So competence is magnetic. It signals certainty, safety, calibre. That's what women are wired to notice across cultures, across time.

Okay. I mean, come on. Here's the thing, right? Ladies, help me out here. 

Would you find a man that has got no career, is dependent and non-ambitious, right? Indecisive, attractive. I don't know, right? Oh, but it's a kind heart, but it's extremely indecisive and lost. Think about it, right? And what do men look for? Beauty, which yeah, sounds shallow, right? But it's not. 

Beauty is just a proxy for what? Health, fertility, vitality, evolutionary wisdom. So it's built to our DNA, guys. So you strip it all down, what do we find? We don't want the money. 

We want what we think money can get us. Love, joy, peace. The feeling that we matter, that we're not lost, that something is working. 

And that's where achievement shows up, not as a tactic, but as a spiritual technology. Achievement works as a way to intervene time with energy, with the unseen forces that shape the visible outcomes. So years ago, when I began teaching what's now become the Chiman Manifesting Framework, what you're learning right now, the Manifesting Framework in the past four sections, what started as a side concept has now become the go-to model where everyone uses for applying Chiman to the real world manifesting. 

Because it used to be a side thing, right? The main focus of Chiman is strategic execution and forecasting. And if you've been with me for the last week or so, you've already seen it in action. Some of you even have taken courses where I introduce bits and pieces of this, you know, the workshops that I've been doing. 

So I'll be honest with you guys, right? Those are just the fragments. And yet, even with those partial teachings, we got flooded with great feedbacks, wild stories. You see them? We posted all over Facebook for you guys to see. 

Great results, inexplicable results, and stuff we couldn't ignore. So I kept refining and testing involving the entire framework. And after 30 years, well, 30 years next year, right? And after teaching 15,000 students across the globe and walking through the doors of our Chiman programs, I finally decided that we've had enough of data, enough use cases and case studies and collective live experiences from our students and clients. 

I finally decided that it was time, time to crown this work once and for all, to give Chiman Manifesting its own rightful place. So for the first time ever, as I've told you, in our part of the training, I'm proud to introduce the Chiman Manifesting Academy. This is an all-new training program, a full-scale dedicated program in the intricate art and science of Chiman Manifesting, focusing on 10 specific protocols. 

You've gone through the 9 that I've shared with you. That 9 protocols covers a wide range of aspects, right? From wisdom to luck to relationship, each one with the exact protocol for manifesting, built from the ground up. Okay, so which is the 10th one? Well, the 10th one is called consecration. 

One of the things that students have been asking for the longest time, and we only do this in the China excursion and Taiwan excursions, are when they go to a spiritual place, right? Students like to take their lopans or their very close necklaces and objects for blessing. So in blessing, in Chinese, we call that hui gong. Hui gong means to bless the items, to infuse it with positive energy or spiritual energy. 

So of course, to find a grandmaster in high ups in the alleys of Tibet or, you know, somewhere in the temples to do that is not so easy, and you got to find the right place at the right time, right? So many students ask me, so how do you do that? Is there a Chiman way to do it? And the answer is yes. You can use the consecration method to consecrate things. Consecrate means bless, okay? Let me teach you these simple aspects as well. 

You can do this, okay? So, you know, sometimes your luck might be drained by other people. Sometimes your luck might be affected by people with ill intentions. Not everyone will get affected, just some people. 

Or maybe you're going through a patch of bad luck, okay? You don't feel well, right? You go to a place, you seem to feel affected. One of the techniques you could use is that you could consecrate water. Consecrate water is basically you want to infuse the water with positive energy. 

They do this in temples, they do this in churches, they do this in, you know, sacred places where the water is blessed by so-called divine energy and then you use it to sprinkle over you. But you can do it on your own. So, the way Qimen does it is very simple, right? You find the Qimen time dimension portal where the energies arrive and then instead of manifesting, you turn the manifesting into an instruction to infuse the water at that moment in time with the energy of that particular formation, okay? So, once you have that, you take the water and you can use it as some clearing energy as and when you need it. 

This is one of the ways you can use consecration or you can consecrate your items like your lopan, your compass or some objects. That's the consecration method. The cleansing method is very close to this method as well. 

So, this is the consecration and cleansing method which is protocol number 10. So, if you've gone through the nine protocols, what happens is in this training, if it interests you, it's a training that's built from the ground up around these nine sets of protocol and it's going to be released right after Chinese New Year next year and you'll get lifetime access to this, right? So, let me show it to you here in a nutshell. So, I have the, not in specific order here, that's protocol for spirituality, the karma breaker, the frequency reboot, cleansing and consecration. 

This is what I just talked about, the 10th one that we haven't gone deeper into this. The deep restoration and system resets, the health protocols, the alchemy, emotional alchemy, emotions and relationship protocols, the divine alliance support protocols, the crisis aversion and power protection, protection protocols, fortune catalysts, the luck protocols, wealth, windfall gains and big moves protocol, wealth protocols and finally, you have the unseen to stoppable, the visibility protocol. So, all this together will make up the entire training program called Qimen Manifesting Academy, okay? Now, this is an online training, guys, meaning it's going to be released online and after it's released, you get to keep the lessons forever. 

It's a lifetime access. So, you can repeat it over and over again and yes, inside that training, there will be the guided script that I do. That means for that specific section, let's say on protocol for wealth, you will hear a section that is me going through that and all you have to do is fill in the blanks that you want and the rest will be my voice guiding you through, okay? So, if you find the cleansing ritual useful, then you'll find this even more useful as you go through. 

You also learn the mechanics behind how and why. So, you could actually find the dates and time, fit the protocol, add in the perfect command. If you can't do the perfect command, I will have the sample or perfect command for you. 

You just have to follow through and deploy. So, it's generally done for you. You just have to follow. 

You can learn it along the way but it's also done for you. That's the cool thing about this, okay? So, these are the keys to the kingdom. Your mindscape, your connection to everything else, alright? Now, think of what this unlocks for you. 

If you're stuck around till now, right? Until now, that means you know that this is something that can help you improve your life. Now, what this actually does is this. You can become so energetically magnetic that better financial luck, smarter habits and consistent flow will flow naturally to you until money is no longer something that you have to worry about.

You see, sometimes people think when they talk about money, they feel the resentment, you know, I cannot afford, I cannot afford. Listen, relax. What if this could change it? You're here to change something, are you not? Right? You want to learn to turn a job that you hate into the most celebrated move of your life? I mean, simply becoming undeniable and competent.

This is the true power of attraction and you don't just fix broken relationships. You can give them the chance to evolve into something more soul-aligned and purposeful. And you can bring the joy and adventure back to your life while creating that more lucky coincidence through aligned energies. 

And you want to feel more protected and energetically safe as you step into a bigger aspect of your life. One that is more visible and, you know, that has better rewards. And finally, break free from family trauma and ancestral burdens and invisible energetic depths.

And more importantly, every one of these shifts is pragmatic and grounded, designed to be applied in everyday life across every areas that matters. So how much is it worth to you in finally getting all these things? Let's think about it, right? Even if you can only achieve one or two things that I just talked about, even if it's just a few things, how much is it worth to you? Not only that, it actually took 13 years to get here. And more than 15,000 students went through the Qimen programs. 

Thousands of consulting hours, each with me costing between $5,000 to $20,000 per consult. And some just to work on Qimen manifesting with them. But this, this won't cost you $20,000 or $10,000. 

It won't even cost you $5,000, guys. This training program is at our usual training price of $1,997. And you get to keep it forever, forever. 

And not only that, guys, do you remember this? Remember this? We launched this only once a year and people pay $1,997 for this program. Some of you guys are in the Qimen Academy, yes or no, right? It was originally planned to launch next month in November. We have planned that launch every year is around the end of October or early November. 

Each year, we have anywhere between 1,000 to 2,000 enrollments in the Qimen Academy. And this is since 2013 when this program originally launched. This year, we're doing something extraordinary, guys. 

And it's highly unlikely that it will happen next year. Because next year, we'll separate this into two different intakes with two different tracks. So this year, right now, you are enrolling in the Qimen Manifesting Academy. 

This is our new training program. We are going to include super bonus of the Qimen Academy Classics totally free. Meaning, you get this entire training program for free. 

And not only that, there's a second bonus. You guys have been asking for this, right? The Qimen Explorer at its full capacity, fully unlocked. This is a 12-month subscription and you get this entire system to plot your charts, to read your charts, to do all these manifesting.

You're not only using the day charts, now you can use the hour charts or you can get specific elements, components, the calendar, everything's in there. This is a $1,997 bonus and we're including this as well. And not only that, we also have an additional bonus for this special enrollment. 

And you shouldn't miss this out because these are all independent events that we are selling. And you will see that we're going to announce this in January, coming very soon, the Qimen Summit. This is the first ever Qimen Summit where we are hosting an event, virtual event, so you can attend anywhere in the world, where we get our past successful students, our team, come and speak about Qimen and teach you their methods of using Qimen. 

So you get to see how it works. And if you have a success story, you can also share it in this summit. A lot of people will be at the summit. 

This is a $1,497 ticket. I'm including that in your enrollment this year. Okay. 

And not only that, as an additional bonus, and this is by popular request, we are bringing back group coaching calls. So group coaching is designed to help you with your studies. So as you're going through the training, you might have questions. 

What do you do when you have questions? Well, you join the group coaching where there will be someone qualified, very experienced. We've done this like for donkey years, right? Come back to you and give you the answers so you can learn from them and learn from other people at the same time, at the same pace. So we'll have six of these group coaching sessions also together with our enrollment this year. 

And here's something super special. If you're taking the one-time payment option right now, we're also going to include this very special bonus for you. The entire Qimen Essentials Limited Edition box. 

This is only for the first 50 who are joining right now, and they will get this delivered to them and they can have this in their library and learn everything about Qimen. And one more thing, this is what you guys wanted. For those of you who are taking the one-time payment, you are getting this physical copy of the Qimen 365 Manifesting Planner. 

And by the way, this is the 2.0 edition. The one that you receive, the samples that you've been using for the last couple of days, that's from here. So now, of course, you could get this separately. 

Some of you are requesting this. You could get this separately for $365. It's about a dollar a day. 

There's a link on the page where you can separately go and just purchase this alone, if that interests you. Okay. All right. 

So there you go. Tier 9 is in full swing. Crimson Horse and the Blood God Calamity is coming in the next two years. 

So I'm going to give you a very special gift if you guys are enrolling in this training program. Next year, besides doing my Feng Shui and Astrology event, I have an additional edition that only focuses on the Qimen aspect of 2026. It's a full deep dive onto every aspect of the Qimen annual chart and how to deploy that together with your personal chart for the year of the Crimson Horse. 

So I call this the Crimson Horse Qimen 2026. And it's a live in-person event. This is a free gift. 

If you could make it, please come. It will be in Singapore. In first quarter of 2026. 

Okay. Now, because this is a free gift, if you can take it, it's great for you. If you cannot, then please give the gift to someone who can, because there will be no live stream for this. 

This is only an in-person. It's a very small group. It's kind of like a meeting. 

So hopefully you can. All right. But it's a nice gift. 

All right. Okay. So let's put this all together. 

Right. For those of you who are taking the one-time payment, there'll be something super special for you. The manifesting calendar, physical copy sent to you. 

And then you have the Qimen Essentials limited boxes, limited edition box, and then a gift called the Crimson Horse Qimen, a general ticket to the two-day live event. Okay. So let's put the entire enrollment for this year together. 

This is the Qimen Manifesting Academy. This is our usual price of $1,997. And you'll also get the super bonus of the Qimen Academy. 

So you don't need to buy this separately. And you get the Qimen Explorer for the 12 months. You get the Qimen Summit.

You get the group coaching sessions. And for some of you, you might be getting the Qimen Essentials entire limited box, the Qimen 365 Manifesting Planner, the Crimson Horse General Ticket as well. Okay. 

So the total for this entire enrollment this year, the total value is $10,850. And you're enrolling this year for just $1,997. That is a big 81% discount. 

Now, of course, we do understand that $1,997 might be a little bit of a stretch for some of you. So just to let you know that we do have a six-part easy payment plan. Okay. 

Just contact the team. You can get started for $397. All right. 

So all the codes are here and the links are there. Enrollment deadline will be the 4th of November, midnight Malaysia time. All right. 

So take note of this. Yeah. And I think this will be life transformational. 

A lot of you have learned about the manifesting. I mean, you can do this all on your own, but if you would like it more structured and a lot of detail and almost done for you, then this training is the next level up. Okay. 

Again, if you're not joining us, it's absolutely fine. Right. You can, you have enough knowledge to do it on your own. 

All right. And I'm going to answer some questions here, but I'll just adjust one, one thing. And yes, there'll be a little bit more teachings here. 

Yeah. So I just want you to take note of this. Every investment have a little bit of risk, except for this one guys. 

Okay. Why? Because don't forget, we always have a 30 day money back guarantee, a 30 day money back guarantee. So if it doesn't work out right in the first 30 days and you don't like it, they ask for your money back. 

Why don't you just give it a shot? Right. Sometimes, you know, stepping a little bit out of the comfort zone might be the one thing that can transform your life. And if you look at our track records, we have many, many students that have gone through these doors and they have achieved enormous successes. 

Look at all the testimonials. I mean, on Facebook and on Telegram, you can see it for yourself. Now, I mean, if you think about it in a deeper level, right, what would you usually spend $300 to $400 on a month? Right. 

And what would you actually give you back? Some people would spend on a fridge. You can upgrade your fridge, right. This is $494 per month and get cooler groceries and same life though.

Right. Or the second scenario is you might trick yourself for a weekend getaway, right. That's 550 bucks. 

This is going to Disneyland, Florida, right. You're going to stay there in Disneyland, Florida. That might get you peace for a night and it's back to the same old shit and stress. 

Or you can invest in a new qualification, right. That's what people like to do, right. Those who are more achievers amongst us. 

The average cost of the MBA in US is around $232,985 according to businessbecause.com. And that includes tuition fees, living expenses and other associated costs. All right. So, and for example, Harvard Business School lists a total cost of attendance of $118,000 for a single individual. 

New skills, same wrong timing, no guaranteed returns. Think about it. That's the scenario. 

Which one of these actually compiles and multiplies your results for the rest of your life? If you think about it, what does the fridge actually fix in your life? Did the weekend spa really shift your fate? Spend 18 months, a huge fortune, not even sure if what you've learned will be relevant by the time you graduate. Or scenario four, guys, you can hire me to do the work for you. So, I think this scenario is pretty good and I think this guy is pretty good too, right. 

So, here it is once again, $1,997 tops for all these bonuses that you get this year. This is one of the most exuberant, exciting enrollment packages we ever have for a new program. This is an absolutely new training, never been done before. 

They are the nine, actually ten specific protocols for achievement manifesting. Never been done before. Okay. 

Now, guys, I'll go one step further even. Look, guys, I told you from day one, from part one, I even repeated in part two and part three that I won't be making you an offer. So, this is it.

And maybe you're thinking that, you know, it sounds good but not sure if this is the right time. What if I try and it's not for me? Fair enough. But here's what I'll do for you. 

If you join and you go through the program and still feel that it isn't worth it. So, you just say the word and I'll not just give you a full refund but I'll go one step further. I'll still send you a special gift.

As a thank you for just showing up, for giving your energy, for even being willing to explore this and learn this. Give it a try because I believe that even that little thing matters and I respect that. Okay. 

So, here's something really special. It's called the Achievement Foundation Workshop and it will give you all the basics, right? If you don't know your chart, you don't know what this is, you're confused, you're confused. Some people are like that, they need a bit of help, they're not ready yet. 

Not to worry. I'll still give this to you for even trying. But first, you have to give the 30 days a try. 

At least try because I'm pretty sure it will change your life, right? So, seriously guys, there's no pressure and there's no risk. Just a real chance to experience what it feels like to finally get a line on your terms. And hey, if this isn't the moon for you, that is okay too, right? But I'll tell you this guys, this offer won't be around later. 

Not at this price for sure because the two separate programs, not with this guarantee and will certainly not with this kind of energetic window, right? Because the next time you learn it, you'll already be in the crimson horse, right? So, half the year is gone. I mean, full year is gone, right? And so, if there's even one part of you that's leaning in towards maybe on to give it a try, I'll say try it. The only thing that you risk right now is finally getting it right and making it work. 

I mean, you spend the last week or so, right? Working through your mindscape, building your achievement manifesting framework piece by piece. I know there are some missing links here and there, right? But if you're here with me right now, it means two things. You're ready or something in your life needs to shift. 

Something important and you know that this is it. I mean, you probably have spent your life praying for grace to happen, an opportunity. Maybe this is the opportunity. 

So, the enrollment deadline, midnight of the 4th of November. Oh, one more thing guys, one more thing, all right? So, I'm going to stay here to answer questions. And before I'll call, I want to give you something really, really special, guys. 

Something super special. I'm going to answer your questions. I'm going to do all these questions for you, all right? As long as I can. 

But here's the thing, I will announce this first, yeah? Some of you might want some help with the achievement commands, all right? I can't do that over the Q&As with you guys, but I can tell you where to get them before our special session, the Q&A ends tonight, okay? I don't know what time it ends. The training, of course, officially will be over, but the Q&As will be going on as long as you need it, all right? I'll do my best, yeah? As before the call ends and you are enrolling, I'm going to throw in this $500 value package just for you guys before this call ends. This is called the achievement commands. 

And it is, it's all special cards. And each one of these has the command, if you're using the Chief, you're using the Nine Earth, these are specific commands that you could immediately deploy, quick commands that you could use, okay? So this is something that I think will be super helpful for anyone who's doing quick achievement anytime, anywhere. They're called the achievement commands, okay? This entire deck is $500 in value. 

So if you're enrolling today before my call ends, right, before our Zoom Q&A ends, I'll include this together with you, okay? Only if it's doing today. This is something special, all right? Wait, wait, wait. You want to tell them about the extra special dates? What's that? Oh, the, okay, okay. 

I almost forgot, I almost forgot. For those of you, this is something really special because just before I was doing, starting our programme today, I looked at tomorrow's session. If you see the calendar, right, this is tomorrow for October 31st. 

Between 9am to 11am, there's a very, very special formation using the Destructor Star, which is great for the power of protection. And of course, the protection that in case your power is being drained, your luck is being drained by others, you want to reclaim back the energy, you want to set a protective field for yourself. For those of you who are joining, I mean, some of you are not here already, well, maybe your luck or whatever, I don't know. 

But if you're here, you're joining us right now. Tomorrow, although it's not your local time anywhere in the world, one thing about achievement you have to understand, the thing between hosting, you learn something extra here, okay? If I'm hosting the forecasting, reading, or the meditation, if I'm hosting it live, stream or whatever, then you will follow my chart, okay? You'll follow my chart. If you're hosting, then it follows your chart. 

If you're doing it on your own, you follow your chart at your local time, all right? So tomorrow, I'm going to go through a session where I can lead you through, okay? I will lead you through, it will be live stream, so one of my people will come in and then they will put your voice into, put your guys into the Zoom, and then we'll lead you through that protection protocol. How about that, okay? So I know it's a different timing in your part of the world, not to worry. So what you need to do is by tomorrow, you just have to sit in a comfortable area, right? At my local time of between nine to ten, I'll send you the email later after you enroll, yeah? And I will lead you through this protocol for enhancing protective energies. 

So you're protected at least from whatever chaos and all these whatever issues and challenges or energy vampires that are coming to you in 2026, all right? How about that? Would that be good for you? This is something extra I thought I should add in besides this as well for those who are joining us, okay? All right, so this will be, you will need to know where your soul palace is before you join, okay? Your soul palace direction. So you just have to sit backing the direction, wherever time in the world, doesn't matter because you're following my time, all right? You're following my time and the host will be, the chart will be based on me while you're doing it, okay? And I'll explain more of this when you're actually in the training program for Qibla Manifesting. So and by the way, for those of you guys who would like to learn Qibla Manifesting to help your kids who is living in a, studying somewhere or your parent who is somewhere else, but they don't know how to do it, this is how you do it as well, all right? So you will host the chart and you go through the meditation and the manifesting and you do it for them or with them at the same time, okay? So this is a good example to show you how it's done at the same time you get the benefit, okay? All right, anyway, all right, so as long as you're enrolling before, right, today you get two special additional bonuses, right? That's it, that's the, this one, the treatment commands deck of cards, yeah, as well as this very special protocol for protection that I want to lead you through tomorrow.

The exact time and details will be sent to you the moment after you enroll, okay? Now, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to pass back to the MC, right? And while they're going to set this up here and, okay, the Zoom is not ending yet, all right? The Zoom is not ending yet, I want to do the Q&A with you. They will turn off the screens though, but I'm just going to talk to you on Zoom until, well, whenever, right? As long as you enroll before we shut down the entire Zoom for the day, you will still get these two bonuses, the treatment commands as well as the special, the session tomorrow, the protection protocol session, okay? All right, yeah, it's, yeah, between 9 to 11 a.m., right, as long as you tune in, it's going to be about 10, 15 minutes, you can just find a quiet corner, right, a quiet corner and just sit for a while, you know, put in the, one of these eye masks and just sit and relax and just listen, that's it, okay? Easy, even in the midst of your work, you could do that, right? Go to the restroom or sit in the park for just 10 minutes, all right, okay, cool, if you do that, all right, the link, okay, now you go to the site first and check out the site while, can you guys set up the table right now, yeah, okay, so MC, can you take over for the time being, I just want to make sure I sit correctly, all right, all right. All right, so, yeah, guys, I'm Janice from Team Joyup and first of all, I'd like to thank you so much for joining us today and for sticking with us through all three parts of Joyup's Treatment Manifesting Framework, this is really not the end yet, so don't go anywhere, hang tight because Joey's going to be back in just a bit to answer your questions right here, right, just sit tight where you are, I know it's kind of hard because, you know, many of you are, for lack of a better word, going crazy over what was just announced and honestly, who wouldn't, right, the response has been overwhelming and our team's going nuts trying to answer every single query, every single process, every single enrollment right now, so please be patient with us and do know that actually many of your questions are already answered in that page, you know, when you click on the link, so for those of you who are asking again for that link, well, here it is, okay, someone's going to be posting it right now into that chat, okay, so you've got the link, don't worry, now, rest assured, even with our very limited manpower, we'll make sure everyone is well taken care of, okay, so actually, in fact, I was told that I had to specifically mention these guys over here and their names are Susan Heong and Meng Yu, Hatan Meng Yu and Felicity Yeung, you guys, don't worry, our team's already on the case, in fact, you're in and yes, you've got those limited bonuses, okay, now, I know everyone's asking, did I get the bonuses, quick, please let me know, did I get the Qi Men Essential Box Set, the Qi Men Manifesting Planner, well, I can't make any promises, okay, but last I checked, if you enroll now, you still stand a pretty good chance, okay, as for the Qi Men Knowledgeous T-shirts, they're out, okay, that's offered since the leap of faith, since the last part, okay, so you're not going to get it here, but that said, you know, I don't think we should lose sight of what's really happening right here, you know, what the the big star of this offer really is, which is the Qi Men Manifesting Academy, right, because this is something that doesn't come by, it doesn't come by often and it's the first of its kind and it really takes someone like Joey to put this together, I mean, we're talking about years of conducting countless trainings on Qi Men Manifesting, collecting real data, refining the processes, you know, and these were like tested by him, by the coaches and by our alumni, clients even, and it is the result of all these things, so once you hop on, I guess it's really like standing on the shoulder of giants, you know, people who have already paved the way through the trial and error, right, so you can achieve results much faster than any of them could have, and the best part, you get to actually learn Qi Men Academy first and in that way, you're building your solid first understanding through Qi Men Academy and everything then in Qi Men Manifesting Academy will automatically become so much more powerful and so much more effective. 

Now, for those of you who are still thinking about it, I would urge you just go for it, okay, because I'd say as long as you have that desire in you to manifest and make things happen, go for it, the time is now, within this 30-day money-back guarantee, there's absolutely nothing to lose and if you tried other ways to manifest before, it didn't work out for you, well, this could be very well the missing link, right, so why not give it a shot and, you know, recalling back that story that Joey shared earlier about the man who was waiting for God to rescue him from the flood, I felt that that story really struck a chord with me because he didn't need to drive a car, you know, didn't need to build a boat or buy his own helicopter even to escape, you know, he just needed to give any of those a shot, so yes, I urge you, if you have that desire in you, give it a shot, you'll have everything you need, the core lessons from someone who has helped thousands of people manifest their dreams into reality and the Qi Men Explorer, you know, doing the heavy lifting for you, no need for, like, for you to actually, like, go through all the painful ways of learning how to, you know, read the charts and come up with the structures or look for the things, the components and everything and, you know what, the group coaching sessions, they will ensure that you truly, truly understand and you'll be with a like-minded community to accelerate your growth, really, so I would say you've got nothing to lose in trying this out except that you might have to get used to life finally moving in a direction you've always dreamed of, you know, so be careful what you ask for and speaking of questions, I know you've got a lot of questions, is Joey actually ready yet? All right, hold on a second, let me just check here, they are ready, okay, they're asking me to stop talking now already, all right then, so I'll see you on the other side, okay, and I'm handing this all over back to Joey. Hey, hey, hey guys, how are you doing? All right, so, hold on a second, I think there's a little bit of an echo right now, yep, okay, all right, so I'm back, you guys can see I've set up the, my makeshift office here so that I can see your chats and answer your questions, so keep posting your questions here and I'll do my best to answer as many as possible, okay, why am I in a green room? Just because I've been here all this time and that's why it's very hard for me to teach, I actually can't see anything, I'm just looking at this green stuff and my screen is actually appearing in the front, all right, but a big shout out to those who have just enrolled, Jenny Mei Lan Xiao, thank you so much for joining the Qimen Manifesting Academy, this is a brand new training guys, totally brand new training, so even if you've done my past Qimen Academy before, this is a totally new training, it's focusing totally on the manifesting protocols and yes, inside the protocols there's actually the way to write the command, basically I've just, it's like done for you stuff, all right, if you don't know how to do it, this is the program that's actually done for you and even there's a voice guide similar to the one I'm going to do tomorrow morning that I've recorded, I'm going to do it live and talk to you guys and then I will play that cleansing protocol for you and then it's a protection protocol and then you see exactly how it is done, okay, so basically it's nominal amount of work and oh yes, it will show you how to use this, pick the dates, find the right charts and then just initiate the command at the right time, so basically this is after almost like 13 years in the practice and I sort of accumulated all the ways to do it, make it easy for people to do the manifesting. David Chua says I've recently renewed Qimen Mastery Circle, if you're renewed and you're in Qimen Mastery Circle, do nothing, you actually have the training already, we are honoring all our Qimen Mastery Circle members, we are giving this program to you guys as long as you're part of the Qimen Mastery Circle, okay, yeah, so now I just want to pick one question here, let's start with a few and then I'll go and answer as many as possible here, how many of you here have debt to collect, debt to collect, how many, how many, just type a me here, right, let's type me, who has a debt to collect, yeah, you got a debt to collect, all right, how much, how much is the amount, who here has money that is owed to you or something that is owed to you, two million, oh my god, 20,000, wow, 10,000, 4,000, right, 50,000, wow, look at the chat that's going out right now, wow, 86,000, my god, wow, a lot, okay, it's certainly more than the 2,000 bucks for this training, yes or no, all right, but let me help you first, right, let me show you how you can do some of this, Qimen protocols to change that, would you like that, okay, so I'll show you something and then I would suggest that if the amount is bigger than 2,000 that is owed to you, so it's 200,000, a million dollars, I mean, this investment is only less than 2,000 bucks, right, it's 197, but here's the thing, okay, let's try, right, when someone promises money and fails to deliver, of course, the wound goes deeper than finances because it strikes a trust and also the self-worth, right, each time they delay, I mean, your body replaced the same freaking energetic pattern, right, giving but not receiving, why, why, why, so what should I do, okay, what should I do, so the first thing is you must realize, right, a lot of you are, how much is this worth to you, right, if you get it back, so here's what you do, energetically, this situation is in a wealth realm, so it's governed by the life door, all right, so life door and so at the moment, you see, the protocol works like that, right, you need to see which palace is the issue, is it a wealth issue or is it the human realm issue, it is the blockage, some people have blockages, some people don't have a blockage, some people will say, hey, you know, I just need to manifest and be open to it, so I got two protocols to suggest, the first one is the protection protocol, which is tomorrow, because protection protocol reclaims energetic authority so that others can no longer borrow or delay what is yours, okay, the protection protocol is one of the things you can use, that's protocol number six or you can try the wealth protocol, if you don't think you have that issue, then because it governs big moves, windfalls and wealth, it can resets your receiving field from scarcity to stability, okay, so that could be done, so what you can do now is I can give you a set of, let me see here, yeah, okay, so you use surging snake, how many of you know how to get the hour charts, all right, so you get hour charts, yeah, there's one way you can do it, surging snakes together with destruction door, yeah, that's one way, surging snake together with grass, right, the destruction star or grass star, these two, yeah, so here's the thing, you're going to rewrite this command, right, so I command the surging snake to coil through all the realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms to retrieve every fragment of value, wealth and energy that rightfully belongs to me, okay, with the surging snake power of strategic concealment and illusion, all that was lost, delayed and hidden now reveals itself in perfect divine timing, flowing back into my life, multiplied and renewed, so you need to find the surging snake to get destructive, guys, are you listening, type of one if you guys are following because if you have this problem, some of this is worth two million to you guys, right, okay, so I'm going to make it fast because I will answer as many as possible, yeah, okay, so surging snake, help me release all resentment, bitterness and stagnant emotion, allowing my heart to be cleansed, my spirit to be light and my path to be clear and I anchor this restoration by choosing gratitude, discipline and generosity, this is important, okay, so this part was not in the recording yet, tomorrow there will be no replace for this part, all right, so you better take notes here, yeah, all right, so because I'm trying to help you guys here, okay, now remember every command, every perfect command has to have, okay, if you're complaining too fast, please leave the chat, yeah, I don't like complainers here, do you want it or you don't want it, guys, yeah, do you want in or out, it's very simple, otherwise, please join the program, you can press play, talk slowly, then you can see all the commands slowly because I've written it out in the training, all right, if you're in the training, you don't need this part, all right, okay, so stop distracting me, I'm going to get right here, all right, okay, so now you got to seal it, remember you must say, I anchor this restoration by choosing gratitude, discipline, generosity, stewarding every return blessing with integrity and joy, you have to close this in your own words, okay, then I seal the command across the four realms, seal the command across the four realms, heaven aligns the timing, earth grounds the abundance, spirit directs its return and human acts with readiness, so it is commanded, so it is done, now you do this together with surging snake and a destructive star, surging snake, destructive star in your wealth palace, okay, so you find out where the wealth palace is in your chart, when the time comes, you can use this, okay, or these commands are inside our nine protocols, all right, if you have this, when we release the training, you can actually get the commands and you can modify the commands on your own, all right, so you can go deeper inside the achievement manifesting academy, you will learn how to fortify your energetic serenity and activate your wealth palace and or your debt collection that is that will give you more consistent wealth results, okay, so now simply have to follow that for simple practice and find the next best date for the surging snake and destructive together, entering your wealth and then you initiate that command, okay, all right, how many of you here, how many of you here have a child that needs help, where you have a child or student or someone, right, that you're trying to guide, that you're trying to guide, okay, how many, Juliana, Key, Aaron, Quan, yeah, okay, so, right, who has a child, right, who's that, and nothing you try to do can get through to this child, okay, and nothing you do is, you can get to this child, right, she's 13 and you're having issues, right, okay, yeah, I understand that, right, so now, how much is this worth to you, if this problem is solved, how much is this worth to you, if this problem is solved, a million, over a million, a lifetime change, enroll, unquantifiable, very much, okay, those who say it's very much, come on, what's the amount, really, the reason why I'm showing you this is because if you learn the protocols, you can do this yourself, right, and this training's investment is like, what, $397 a month as a monthly payment, or it's a 1997, so some of you are saying it's 2 million, some it's life value, so I'm just comparing the value you're investing in your training and the value you're actually getting when you actually master this, okay, the achievement protocols, but anyway, let me try to help you anyway, all right, so, it's gonna be a little bit fast, of course, so you gotta take notes, yeah, because I wanna cover as much as possible, so, now, for those of you who experience this pierce in the heart, like watching your own child drift beyond your reach, yeah, you speak with love, yet your words seem to dissolve in air, and every unreturned glance chips away at your confidence as a parent, what once felt like guidance now feels like you're walking through the fog, okay, so, I understand that, right, so, now, achievement, there's this dynamic connection between parent and child, and it lives in the human realm, remember the four realms, yeah, four realms, right, so, the heaven realm, the earth realm, sorry, earth realm, because earth realm governs emotion, communication, and empathy, okay, and so, it's supported by heaven realms of thoughts and clarity, so, when your child doesn't listen, it often reflects a disconnect between the heart star, because it represents expression and sincerity, and also, the open door, which is receptivity, okay, so, energetically, both of you are broadcasting on different frequencies, so, how do we change this? Well, there's one way we can do this by the use of protocol number four, protocol number four is called emotional alchemy, okay, emotional alchemy that transforms emotional chaos into coherence, one of these you can do, and, or, maybe, it depends on, sometimes, you might use protocol number five, which is divine alliance, because you want to invite the right type of support, all right, right type of support, those who work together to shift the field from resistance to relational harmony, okay, so, you need two things here, yeah, you need two things here, first, you need to find the heart star, not in your achievement destiny chart, but in the day chart, or the hour chart, okay, the day chart, the hour chart, what, which chart, guys, day chart, or hour charts, everyone type day chart, or hour chart, okay, day chart, or hour chart, you find it inside here, all right, so, you look for the heart together with the sixth harmony, then the frequency will be right, okay, so, once you connect together, now, you can issue a command, all right, now, there are certain types of command, you can do this, this is a sample of some of the commands that we have in our training, all right, I command the sixth harmony to weave its sacred threads across spirit, heaven, earth, and human realms, harmonizing the bond between my, is it daughter, son, whoever, right, with me, or end with me, and through its power of relationships, cooperation, and understanding, our communication flows with ease, warmth, and clarity, okay, so, now, you do this, you say this, when these combinations enter into your children palace, you know the children palace by looking at your destiny chart, your natal chart, you always have a, one of the sectors, your kid's palace, so, that sector, when the sixth harmony and heart arrives, you can initiate this command, every word I speak reaches his heart, or her heart, I'm going to say his heart, because this is a kid, right, in a way he can best receive it, carrying true essence of my love, steady, patient, and unconditional, and in his presence, I listen with compassion, and respond with grace, allowing our connection to deepen beyond words into shared trust and resonance, and now, you're going to lock it in, you need to say, I honor this harmony by continuing to express love through consistent action and gentle truth, I seal this command in divine unity, spirit blesses our bond, heaven opens her heart, or his heart, earth grounds our understanding, and humans sustain our love in every moment, so, it is commanded, and it is done, okay, all right, so, you combine these two together, you reactivate that bond, okay, so, this is exactly what we deepen, go study deeper in the Achievement Manifesting Academy under those protocols, if this is something that is super valuable for you, you will get this solution inside the Achievement Academy by going deeper into this subject, okay, and some of you think it's priceless, which I totally agree, right, so, these are the protocols, yeah, so, I'm just showing you, yeah, those who have taken a leap of faith, you already have all this, oh, by the way, before our session ends today, before I end the Zoom, all the registrations today, if you're enrolling right now, before I end, you get this as well, this is special, just before I end the Zoom, how many of you already registered, type a one, right here, so I know, so, I can call you out, yeah, cool, so many of you guys, okay, so, all of you here, you get this copy here, okay, right now, and of course, of course, the leap of faith, you already have this, for sure, right, but this is limited to only those, as long as I'm still online right now, okay, so, yeah, okay, so, this is, so, do you guys get this, yeah, okay, no, sorry, this is only for the one-time payment right now, so, if you can do that, we will honor this as well, and also, do something special for you guys, okay, this book, this here, if you are enrolling right now, who's enrolling, stand up, Marites Guavara Bases, right, you're here, okay, I tell you what, I'm gonna sign the copy for you guys as well, Marites, okay, okay, so, this is yours, all right, and all of you guys who enroll right now, only right now, right now, I'm gonna sign a copy for you guys, okay, so, I can't sign all the copies thereafter, so, but right now, if you're already done, I have your names, right, I have your names, I will sign for Serene, Lilia, Tiffany, Gina, right, Michael Tai, Maria Liming, Dorothy, wow, so many of you, right, Ray Park, Esty, of course, Esty, Olga, right, Angeline, Chris, Ionica, Karina Lau, right, Jacqueline, yes, all of you, I'll sign for you, Lip of Faith, definitely, for sure, Theon, okay, all right, I'm gonna answer more questions here, and then I'll continue signing, all right, yes, Lip of Faith, for sure, I'm gonna sign your book as well, all right, and you guys get this, yeah, you get this, yeah, cool, all right, so, the, how many of you got a property that you wanna sell, how many of you a property you wanna sell, just start with me, all right, you got a property you wanna sell, yeah, how much is it worth to you, if you really could sell this property, come on, right, how many of you have a property to sell, 2.6 million, wow, 3 million Sing dollars, right, 1.5 million, right, wow, property you wanna buy, all right, I'm talking about selling first, 60 million US, my God, you guys are rich, 3 million, all right, okay, yeah, so, now, now, how do we do this, right, see, the, probably you tried every method already, you've been listed, now, I just want you to know the value, right, I want you guys to know the value here, that, you know, sometimes people learn something, they don't know whether it's useful or not, I'm just trying to, at the same time, answering your questions, right, and at the same time, also showing you that these protocols are very, very useful, right, it's very, very useful, because it's actually related to real life situations like yours, and you can help other people as well, all right, okay, so, the listings, agents, maybe even price adjustments, there are no movements, all right, so what should you do, you're basically, you're stuck in momentum, now, if you're stuck in momentum, there are certain things that we could do to move that again, right, so, in Qiman, the house is governed by earth realm, obviously, specifically, if you've not studied Qiman before, it's life door, okay, life door, because it governs growth, wealth, opportunity, obviously, a property as well, all right, so, an open door governs movement, new beginnings, for those who understand Qiman, the overlapping of a life door and open door creates this thing called the three victories, right, because it actually opens up one of the victory channels, so, you know that, right, so, when the earth door, earth chi is closed, you want the open door to come into the life door to open the energy up, how do you do that, that's the day chart and hour chart, day chart and hour chart, how many of you know that there are two charts can actually overlap, okay, so, more of this in actually the training, but I'm telling you, for those who can get it, you learn it immediately, okay, so, your task is to reactivate the property's magnetic field, and time your outreach with your, the energies, okay, so, there are two protocols that you could use, you can try this too, to help you increase the possibility of selling and activate the momentum again, all right, so, the two protocols are this, the first one is called the cleansing and consecration protocol, because that actually helps the frequency reboot, clears the stagnant and that is basically hogging that physical space, okay, and the second protocol is protocol number seven, which is the luck fortune catalyst protocol, which aligns your timing, so, your next action falls inside an open cosmic window, okay, all right, so, how do we do that, well, you obviously need to activate the nine heavens or the surging snake, now, for me, I personally like the surging snake a little bit more when it comes to selling, but you could, there's another protocol that uses the command for nine heavens, both of them are also inside the Qimen manifesting protocols, all right, so, shall I give you the command just so that you could do this on your own as well, yeah, would you like that, okay, all right, so, here it is, I command the surging snake to move through the four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms, yeah, to draw forth the perfect buyer from my home with grace, speed and divine precision, okay, with the surging snake, strategic concealment and illusion, all hidden obstacles, doubts and delays shall dissolve effortlessly, the right bias, those who align with truth, value and harmony are guided to me now, recognizing the worth and beauty of this space instantly, and the energy of this probably vibrates with clarity and attraction, calling forth abundance and completion in perfect timing, I offer gratitude by maintaining the space with care, positivity and readiness, knowing the universe honors prepared intention, okay, and I seal this command across all realms, spirit magnetized opportunities, heaven aligns timing, earth anchors the sail and the human realm acts decisively, so, it is commanded, so, it is done, okay, so, surging snake open and life door overlaps, remember this, okay, so, you gotta find the chart, find the chart overlapping your life door in your chart, and you'll find that that's the time you initiate the command, okay, for the details of this, you will find inside the protocols, the nine, the ten protocols that we have in Achievement Manifesting Academy, okay, how many of you are excited to learn this, how many of you are excited to learn this, right, so, cool, so, cool, okay, let me just see the names here of those who have joined us, Shannon Guara, Barbara Forte, Catherine Chin, Clarice Wong, Catherine Cooper, F.Y. Lim, Chan Han Ming, Chung Shan San, Ong Chee Yung, all of you guys are getting one of this, okay, all of you are getting this, those of you who are asking for replay, you don't need it, because you actually have the nine training, nine protocols itself, so, more details are there, okay, so, So, some of them are asking, they have bought a joint program, they're stuck at the next page, the upgrade page, if they don't want it, they can click the button saying, no thanks, that they will skip the upgrade, Oh, okay, so, Kenny just told me that some of you are stuck with the upgrade page, if you don't want the upgrade, just click no thanks, okay, just click no thanks, yeah, can you say that, yeah, you should take it, because it's a really, really cheap upgrade for the additional advanced tier, so, if you want to take it, it's great to have it, super, super beginner, yeah, it's really designed for super, super beginners, because you have the Qimen Academy, and then you actually have the Manifesting Academy, so, yeah, it's really, really great, Qimen Club, if you're going for Qimen Club, text the team, they will give you all the details, okay, all right, so, yeah, if you sign it, who's this goddess, Valerie, Valerie, I'm going to sign your book right here, Valerie, for you right now, for you right now, Valerie, are you still here, yeah, all right, Valerie, you're here, yeah, Valerie, this is your book, it's coming to you, okay, the book's coming to you, all right, and all of you guys who are joining, I will be, I'll sign, yes, Nakisa, I'll sign your book as well, okay, fine, I'll sign it right now, I'll sign it right now for Nakisa, all right, yes, if you're signing, keep the same, if you're signing right now, we're first 500, if you're signing right now, I give you this right now, okay, sign yours too, Chris, I'll sign yours too right now, I'll give you, Melvin as well, all right, Melvin, cool, all right, all right, it's coming to you, all right, cool, I'll do that, I'll do all of that immediately after finish, do you want to hear more, right, I'll give you more of this techniques, all right, yeah, no problem, yes, you confirm a cheap one, all right, I signed two minutes ago, true, true, right, yeah, yeah, I got Ong Yen, Ong Ching Yung, JC, Nakisa, yeah, I just signed your book, Nancy Lim, Julius Liang, Fiona Tan, Helen Yap, all right, I got books, okay, okay, all right, all right, more books here, all right, Beth, you need one, Beth, cool, Beth, I'll sign yours right now, Beth, okay, it's for Beth, Chung Mei Ling, who's asking for alumni, yeah, the alumni, check your inbox, the alumni details have been sent out, if you're an alumni, you get the emails, if not, contact my team, okay, contact my team and you will see that, okay, all right, so how many of you have a problem with your boss and you like solving that problem, how many of you need to get rid of a dreadful boss, right, right, right, we are stuck under a boss, client or a leader that drains your soul but you can't seem to escape, right, who has this problem, who has this problem, Lin Tan, I'll sign yours immediately, all right, yes, dreadful client, same thing, right, it's a problem with people, all right, so how much is this worth to you, how much is it worth to you if you solve this problem, right, your in-laws, oh my god, right, yeah, how much is the problem, what happens if you don't solve this problem, what happens if this continues, worth my soul, medical, yeah, what if you don't solve the problem for the next six months, you got no money, yeah, what else, what if you don't solve it, they will fire you, yeah, so every morning that dread tightens your chest a little more of your life force leaks away, I mean working under someone who's totally draining you, causing you problems, right, corrodes your confidence, creativity and even your faith yourself, right, so how long, how will this affect you, think about it, all right, now, so what do you do, well, what you need is the protection protocol tomorrow, okay, you need the protection and crisis aversion protocol because that will shield your energy so other people's emotions or authority can no longer invade your field, can no longer invade your field, all right, and the second protocol you want to activate is the wisdom and quantum vision protocol, okay, so that it sharpens your foresight, sharpens your foresight so you can plan an exit or redirection for clarity, from clarity and not panic, okay, so now, what should you do, in this case here, you would need to use the six harmony, obviously, okay, you need to use the six harmony and the wisdom protocol, obviously, you need to find the assistant star, right, together with a hard danger net or bow constellation and then in that formation, you command the six harmony for the energy of cooperation, understanding and unity, aligning, aligning me in perfect connection with my boss and all who share my workspace and I command the energy across all four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms to flow through every conversation, this decision allowing mutual respect, support and clarity to blossom naturally, you guys following, continue on, you must say my words and actions are received with warmth and I, in turn, listen with patience and empathy, as this energy expands, I rediscover love for my work, seeing purpose and joy in each task and opportunity every day, okay, all right, so yes, this is also going to be explained in the Achievement Manifesting Academy, you learn how to rise and to be able to use your wisdom protocol or the protection protocol in detail, right, if you find this is something that you're looking for, this would be the answer, okay, now, again, shout out to those who have just joined, you have Christine, Geneve, Ringot, Sing Aik Goh, I'll sign your books right now, we're going to send out these books to you, all right, who else here, let me show your name, I'll sign the books for you, before my call ends today, before Dingya, right, before my call ends, all right, Catherine Joseph Goh Kwan, all right, okay, Katrina Anke D Kuba, right, I'll be signing your book, Patricia Pong, of course, right, Gina Tan, yep, oh, I know enough books here, no more t-shirt though, but we still have some books, right, right, San Budiman, of course, I'll sign your book as well, right, Francis Nelly, right, and you guys are getting this, before my call ends today, right, you are getting this, yes, if you sign up now, Angela Ong, you do get the book and you get this as well, right, so I'll wait for you, are you, if you guys are signing right now, anyone signing right now, Kenny, yeah, I'll just wait, I'll just hold and answer questions right now, who's signing up right now, yeah, yeah, signing up, right, Renee, all right, Belinda, all right, Karen, Bruce, all right, Bruce Tan, I'll sign yours for sure, all right, get more books, yeah, all right, send me more books, all right, more books to sign, all right, guys, you're also getting this, if you are on the one-time payment, right, okay, Casey says it's difficult to sign up, someone please help Casey Kok Ching, all right, if you signed up two days ago, you already got this signed yesterday, you're excellent, Michael Tai, for sure, okay, stuck on the upgrade page, homie, right, no worries, we'll wait for you, we'll wait for you, while waiting, shall I answer another question, yeah, if you took the leap of faith, you definitely have this already, who took the leap of faith, all right, Christina, all right, Christina, I'll sign your book right now, Christina, this to Christina, yeah, all right, yeah, all right, cool, I want you to sign mine as well, they're moving very fast, don't worry, I'll sign all tonight, those of you who are here, all right, right now, let me see, right, was there an upgrade in the leap of faith, everything you have here today is in the leap of faith, okay, so not to worry, okay, link to the academy says can't be found, can someone help please, sign my book now, Angela Liao, sure, I'll do that right now, all right, so, okay, this is for Angela, all right, cool, now, cool, now, I will, how many of you have, let's go for one more first, and then, if you are still signing up, I'll wait for you, then I come back here, right, and I'll talk to you in a short while again, I will, let's talk about one something here, closing a deal, closing a big deal, how many of you, all right, waiting for me, payment, Ching Ching, all right, I'll sign your book, Ching Ching, how many of you have an issue with closing a big deal right now, how many, for Ching Ching, right, how many, yeah, yeah, so, about to close a big, a deal, right, now, think about it, how much is this deal worth to you, Priscilla, okay, Priscilla is stuck on an upgrade page, can't proceed, there's a link that you can just click and you can skip that upgrade if you want to, just click and skip the upgrade Priscilla, all right, is it, how much is this deal worth to you when it's stuck, 1.8 million dollars to a company, recurring business, wow, it's a big deal, yeah, wrong, so, how much is worth to you this deal, think about it, that if it's continuing to be stuck, right, when you, high stakes deals on the line, right, 3.6 million, wow, Hector Tan, Carrie Chow, your entire bonus, wow, Sharon is a thousand dollars, all right, cool, it's still money, right, so, now, yeah, so, if you, if your heart is pounding, your confidence swinging between I've got this and what if I fail, I mean, the emotional turbulence leaks chi faster than any misstep and strategy, glass is a hundred thousand, right, NASDAQ listing, my God, right, I see a lot, right, you compare to this enormous value of the deal and compare that to your small investments in achievement, mass manifesting training, it's only 2,000 bucks, all right, you think about it, so, let me try and help you out here, right, okay, now, in deal making, right, in deal making, you obviously have to think about two possibilities, right, either A, you're using the hero star for the visibility, so, you're seen, so, they will sign your deal or you're using ambassador star, so, that you get the luck, so, basically, it's the luck protocol or the visibility protocol, okay, or for some of you, you might be using the wealth protocol, which is protocol number nine for windfalls and big moves, so, if you're using the luck protocol, that means you're aligning with divine timing, so, every move lands at the right moment and if you are following the wealth protocol, then use it to stabilize your wealth frequency, so, money feels natural and not pressured, okay, so, there are two types of protocols, all right, so, wealth protocols, you got to go with the grass and astrid, aurin and pleiades formation, if you're following the luck protocol, it's going to be ambassador together with horn, neck, foundation, house, heart, tail or basket constellation, okay, so, it depends on which one is most convenient to you and it's going to fall into your wealth palace and or your career palace, depending on whether this is work-related deal or is it your own personal deal that you're looking at, okay, now, what should you do when it comes to that, all right, so, now, I would look at using the moon in this case, okay, because the moon gives us clear information that I would need with the deal because it's all about the details in the deal, would you agree, okay, don't you agree that for deals, the details are extremely important, okay, so, I command, this is how you do it, I command the great moon to shine its radiant intuitive light through the four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realms, illuminating every detail, truth and advantage within this contract before me, okay, and with this energy of intuition, patience and subtlety and hidden influence, I see all that is unseen, comprehend in every term with clarity and recognize the pathways that lead to victory, okay, and you continue on, so, every word I speak and every move I make align perfectly with success, guiding the negotiation toward harmony, fairness and the most beneficial outcome, the right people are drawn to collaborate with me, trust and mutual respect govern our agreement, I secure this by preparing thoroughly, communicating with calm authority and honoring integrity in all dealings, I seal this command through divine order, spirit reveals the truth, heaven aligns my timing and earth anchors my prosperity and the human realm completes the deal with confidence and grace, so, it is commanded, so, it is done, okay, so, this will help you close the deal, we will go deeper in the Qimen Manifesting Academy because we train exactly this, how to time your negotiations, pitch meetings, contracts, so, the cosmic realm carries half your weight at least, okay, Angela asks, I'm completely new to Qimen, is this useful or too deep? No, it's completely, completely good and easy for beginners because of the Qimen Academy that you go through first, so, yes, it's perfect for you, Angela, and if you are joining us right now, you get this as well, Angela, and I shall sign your book for you right now as well, Angela, you here, right, Michael Tai, please sign, oh, yeah, I'll sign the book for you, Michael, and Jane Dabu, right, I'll do that for you, okay, yes, yeah, right, have you signed your, Vivian Tan, don't worry, I will sign the book for you, Vivian, right, Vivian, Vivian, sure, right, Wei Feng, right, right, I'll keep signing books for you, right, and also, just a reminder, all of you guys who are joining right now, yeah, oh, more books are delivered, alright, okay, so, guys, if you're joining right now, yeah, if you're joining right now, you shall be receiving a copy of the Manifesting Calendar, which is $365, okay, and I will sign it as long as we're within this, before I end this Zoom right now, I will sign this copy personally for you as well, this $365 book, and we're giving you this $500 command set as well, which you can use for your commandings, okay, yeah, Maria, alright, Maria Alanis, excellent, wow, you just joined the best ever achievement training program ever, Valerie Ariel Van Helten, thank you so much, right, so, yes, Nakisa, nice, nice, you get this, Nakisa, for sure, for sure, okay, right, yeah, so, if you have your questions, you go ahead and post it here, right, I will do my best to answer while we are waiting, how many of you are still enrolling right now, shall I just wait for a little while, yeah, Francisco, alright, Chong Mei Ling, right, Sushma, alright, Gio, alright, okay, cool, Jocelyn, nice, I'll sign your book, Jocelyn, right, sign the book for you right now, yeah, and Sabine, Sabine Goldman, wow, okay, I'll sign a book for you for sure, Sabine, right, Hazel, alright, Hazel Durao, I'll wait for you, Hazel, I'm waiting for you, I'll wait for you to sign up, then let me know, I'll sign your book for you, okay, alright, so, cool, cool, cool, right, Hector, right, Hector, sure, I'll sign your book as well, right, I'll sign one for Angeline Fong as well, okay, cool, thanks, thank you Hector, thanks for joining us, alright, okay, I'm going to wait for those, if you are joining right now, I'm going to wait for you before I end the Zoom call, but how many of you would like to talk about the protocols for launching a business with zero followers, right, how many of you would like to launch a business, you like launch a business, but you have no followers right now, right, how many have the issues, right, you have been creating or promoting something that feels visible no matter how much you post or plan, but somehow you're scared, right, okay, okay, yeah, no leads, right, okay, so, how much is this worth to you, if you could really have a protocol to do this finally, right, how much is it worth to you, let's put a, put a value to it, put a value to it guys, one million dollars, wow, nice, claim, right, claim, Tony Black, 40 million, wow, 20,000 from Melvin, right, nice, right, one million dollars, Katrina, 10 million euros, right, so you know it's worth a lot, right, you know it is worth a lot, a billion dollars, wow, cheap, wow, okay, so, so this is important, obviously it's important, right, so that's why I'm trying to compare the value of these protocols, right, in the training compared to what you guys want to achieve, right, you're investing a small tiny fraction of what you intend to achieve with these protocols, right, Melvin just take my money, very funny, right, but still, yeah, but it's true, the value we are offering here in the training can help you through a lot of this and also you will, you will be able to use this to help other people as well, okay, Ling is asking, already done one-time payment, essential boxes, for sure, you get the calendar, manifesting planner 2.0 for sure, yes, no problem, as long as you register right now, I'll make sure that you have this copy, okay, all right, Mike says sign my book, sure, right, these calendars, we need to get them printed, so before Christmas you get it, they will be shipped before Christmas, the calendars, okay, James, answer your questions, okay, so, yeah, yes, it also includes the achievement explorer, the annual, yes, of course, Karen Tong, sign my book, sure, I'll sign your book, all right, right, so, yeah, guys, can you also help answer some of the questions, yeah, yeah, because it's, yeah, all right, Renee, sign my book too, just sign up, okay, sure, Jaco, all right, cool, I will, I will sign your book as well, cool, all right, Karen, I just signed the book, all right, so, now, Angela Hong, you're enrolled as well, wow, amazing, yeah, this stuff becomes a book signing ceremony, right, okay, so, as long as you guys are enrolling right now, just let me know you're enrolling, so I don't end the Zoom session, and I keep talking to you guys, and answering your questions, so, if you, as long as you're still here, let me make sure, okay, type of one, if you guys are on the signing, enrolling page, type of one, right, type of one, yeah, so that I know that I should wait for you, wow, so, a lot of you guys, right, so many of you guys are there, I will be waiting for you while I answer some questions, and I will continue to sign the book for you, okay, yes, witnessing increased spiritual interest period nine, right before, as is absolutely true, right, some of you can, you see, sometimes, you say, money is a bit tight, I totally understand, I've been there myself, so, the way out of that is knowledge, right, and I do understand that, yeah, there's some investments needed to take this, the course, do you know, sometimes, you can also sponsor, manifest for sponsorships, and help from friends, and family, and the return is, the law of equivalent exchange is, you, once you learn this, you will use your knowledge to help them back 10 times more, when you could do this, there's a give and receive, you, not only that you get to learn this, at the same time, you get to help other people, and this eventually can turn into a career itself, okay, all right, someone wants to pencil the date, I think it's February 1st and 2nd, if I'm not mistaken, the live event that I'm doing, it's a very small event, live in person, so, if you could make it, it'll be cool, just before that will be the FSA, the Function Astrology event, right, and then we're going to move to a smaller venue, we're going to talk about the Crimson Horse, from a perspective of achievements, it's going to be super, super cool, 1st and 2nd of February, yeah, Resorts World, right, Resorts World, Sentosa, 1st and 2nd, February, okay, yeah, so, that's true, but what do you not have friends and family, you can, we can make friends, guys, right, isn't it time, sometimes it's like, should I make the first step to do something to change my life, or do I want to be exactly the same, right, sometimes you have to do that, right, so, once you get that emotion, and, you know, life just transform, and I have some students who, that time was 2014, I remember, and we had a class here in Malaysia, and to come here was like $8000, and they, at that time, it was hard for them to come, because $8000 was quite expensive for them, and so they manifested sponsors, and to their surprise, they actually had the sponsor, and in return, they said, whatever they learned from Malaysia, they're going to go back, and they're going to apply everything for the sponsor, and they got it, and they became practitioners after that, think about that, while helping someone to get educated, at the same time, it turned into a career, so, yeah, Gagan, I'll sign your book right now, thank you so much for being here, wow, thank you, Gagan, there you go, alright, yeah, does this event replaces FSA, no, it doesn't, FSA happens first, and then Crimson Horse happens, okay, yes, Ignatius, I'll sign your book for sure, alright, so, I haven't finished the protocol to get more followers, yeah, so, yeah, now, what do we do, right, so, you know how much this is worth to you to start a business, right, you've been hesitating for a long time, and all that, so, what do you do, well, in Qimen, the challenge of launching from zero belongs to the heaven realm, because now you need some opportunities, and you want people to see you, okay, I'll sign Xiumei's book in a short while, yeah, and then you want the execution belongs to the earth realm, right, that's the visibility and execution, right, so, that you must understand the realms, which we'll discuss in the protocols and details, but let me give you the gist of it, there are three protocols that you could use, either one, or use two, the first one is obviously wisdom, quantum vision protocol, because it clears mental fog, so, your direction becomes unmistakable, sometimes it's about being able to sell that vision, and that vision, that story that actually gets you followers, okay, so, that's number one, number two, obviously, visibility, right, protocol number ten, visibility, unseen to unstoppable, that's a protocol for that, and that ignites your magnetism, so, your presence attracts followers, allies, naturally, okay, alright, so, now, so, what do you do? Well, you remember that you, for visibility protocol, it's protocol eight, you need to use the hero formation, the hero star, together with neck, danger, beak, or ghost constellation, and you want this to enter into your career palace, and, or you want to enter into your your destiny palace, so, future pays this, okay, so, that way, it'll give you the ability to be seen, and the opportunities then will come, and then, when you launch a business, people see it, and then, you get more signups, and then, you get people to, you know, obviously, the hardest thing to do in business is to get visibility and build a business, right, so, this is something you could do, right, so, you use the nine heavens, okay, and, of course, if this overlaps your wealth palace, which is your life door, that will open up even more opportunities, okay, so, you say, I command the nine heavens and the life door, and you connect to the neck, danger, beak, or ghost constellation to open wide across the realms, igniting the energy of ambition, expansion, and unstoppable vitality. 

From the vast sky of infinite possibility, my business takes flight with confidence and divine momentum. Even with zero followers, I stand as the spark that lights the way. My message, my service, and my vision radiate so powerfully that they magnetize the right audience, allies, and opportunities without effort, and every action I take multiplies in effect. 

Every seed I plant bursts into growth and prosperity. The world recognizes my work because it carries truth, value, and heart. I secure this command by showing up boldly and sharing authentically and trusting my purpose completely that it will serve others even more. 

I seal it through the perfect alignment. I know that in spirit, it blesses my mission, that the heavens shall amplify my reach, and the earth stabilizes my success, and human realm executes with courage and joy. So it is commanded, so it is done. 

That's the command, okay. Guys, you following? Yeah? Okay. All right, guys.

So let's see here. Who needs me to sign? Tan Tan. Anna Tan. 

All right. Anna Tan. Let's do Anna Tan's book. 

All right. Cool. Sharon. 

All right. Sharon as well. Anna Tan. 

All right. Yeah. All right.

Yeah. Sometimes you get the sponsors, right? But promise that you will do more for them than they did for you, and things will change. And in fact, in future, you'll be consulting and getting, I mean, you build a secondary career, right? Okay. 

Who else here? Yeah. Who was just joined? All right. Cleve. 

All right. Cleve. All right. 

Cool. Marilyn Clark as well. Cleve and Marilyn Clark. 

Cool. Right. Okay. 

Who is this enrolling right now? Just type a one so I can wait for you. And while I'm waiting, I will continue to sign books. All right. 

One. All right. Cool. 

I'll wait for you guys. Are you guys just typing one so that I just stay behind? Right. Come on, guys. 

Who is that? All right. Cool. Enroll to Sheila. 

All right, Sheila. All right. Is it possible that choosing the wrong? It's moving too fast now. 

I got to see the... Let me see the... Okay. Let me see if I can see your questions here. Is this possible choosing the right ingredients for manifesting according to one of the nine products could clash with another palace? Well, it's not designed to clash with another palace because your intention will set it clear and then the command is very clear, right? Like what to do and all that. 

It tells exactly what is needed. So I don't think it will clash, right? Okay. Jan Sudi. 

I'll sign your book right now, Jan Sudi. All right. Linlian Bower's book. 

Sure. Okay. I'll do that as well. 

Right. Maria Matias. Right. 

Might be running out of books. You better sign up soon. You see? Right. 

Patricia, I just told you how to run the funds, right? Some people might have a funds shortage. So manifest sponsors and help. Okay. 

And be sincere about it because whatever you learn, you need to be able to help them back. Right. Qipang. 

All right. I'll sign your book, Qipang. All right. 

Qipang. Okay. Sure. 

All right. Kit. All right. 

Kit. Okay. Who's joining right now? Just register. 

Santhi. All right. Santhi and Kit and Leah. 

All right. So all you guys will get this book. The Manifesting Calendar is super useful. 

It's super, super useful, guys. Okay. Wow. 

Nice. Let me just call out some of the names that I will be signing the books for. Chihua Chan. 

Right. Mia Hapseri. Right. 

Wong Kit May. Santhi. Zarina. 

Right. Angela Xiao. Maria Christina. 

Cliff Wong. Wong Su Ying. Xiong Yun. 

Welcome to the Qimen Academy, Qimen Mastery, Qimen Manifesting Academy. Xuan Ping Ng. Xuan Ping. 

Right. Charles Tan. Angeline Xia. 

Jolin Ng. Harry Santoso. Yoko Takashina. 

Nice. Nice. Wow. 

Yes. The tomorrow at 9 a.m. Malaysia time, I'll lead you through the protection protocol. I'm enrolling now. 

Juanita Donaldson. Okay. I'll wait for you. 

Angeline. I signed your book already, Angeline. Right. 

Mona. Yeah. You're finding a sponsor. 

You will. Don't worry. Okay. 

I'm pretty sure you will. You'll see that. Yeah. 

So all the course through online pre-recorded video. Yes. To answer Toh, the question, the answer is yes. 

All the modules will be in the online module. Once it's released, you can just watch it online forever. All right. 

So not to worry. Okay. So, an assignment. 

Josephine Goh. All right. Tomorrow's talk is at 9 a.m., guys. 

9 a.m. But if you missed it, don't worry. It's between, you can just press replay from between 9 to 11 the time so you can use the protection protocol. But anyway, in the training itself, you will learn how to do that on your own. 

Okay. Bernard Goh. Please sign on his book. 

All right. Where do I sign and pay? Where's the link? Guillaume is asking for where's the link. Okay. 

Bernard. No problem. I'll sign your book. 

You just registered already. Okay. Nice. 

Nice. Okay. So now, yep. 

On the website, it says 10 a.m. Someone, can you just give the note out? I think maybe it's your time, 10 a.m. I'm not sure. It's supposed to be 9 a.m. Yeah. The Zoom time is correct. 

So when we send in, I'm pretty sure they just switch the time because you're somewhere, right? Casey Kok. Kok Ching. All right. 

Protection command. Don't worry. As long as you can join, you can listen to the protocol. 

Otherwise, no worries. You'll be learning it inside the academy as well. Okay. 

Yeah. The protocol for manifesting. Yeah. 

Okay. So how many of you here have a forbidden tactics? You won't get it anymore because it's for those who take the leap of faith. To be fair, they took the leap of faith. 

That's why they have the forbidden tactics. Okay. So for those who are joining right now, you get something extra tomorrow. 

I mean, there's still people who are signing up later on. They won't obviously miss tomorrow's special session. Okay. 

Now, yes. Emily, just sign up. Wow. 

Amazing. Thank you. Let me just sign this for you as well then, Emily and Melissa. 

All right. Okay. How many of you have a reconciliation issue? Okay. 

Yes. As long as you join right now before the session ends, Leslie end, I will sign your book and make sure that you get one of our manifesting calendar. How about that? Okay.

And those of you who are joining right now, this is special only for those who are enrolling right now. Okay. So type of one, if you guys are still enrolling, so I wait for you because once we log off to this Zoom, then this particular bonus will be gone. 

This one here. Okay. This is the treatment commands right here. 

Okay. If you are here, Sushma, I will sign your book immediately. All right. 

So yeah, the treatment commands, you get that if you are joining right now. All right. Cool. 

Tess, I'll sign your book as well. All right. Yes. 

Must you upgrade? No, not necessary. Don't really have to upgrade. If you upgrade, it'd be nice. 

Great. Because you get the advanced tier as well. Okay. 

All right. So how many of you have a reconciliation issues? Like you had a fallout with a best friend or a relationship or a partnership that feels broken and you need to fix? How many have that? All right. Teresita, you want a command book? This one? Yeah. 

If you're joining right now, I'll make sure that you have one. Okay. Right now I'm asking this question.

How many of you have, can this apply to family? Obviously. Obviously apply to. Why not? Right.

Ex-husband. Right. How many of you need to reconcile? Think about that. 

Right. And yeah. How long have you been feeling this distance and how much have they been costing you? And what has this disconnection already cost you so far in peace and laughter or trust or even money or heartbreaks? Years. 

Oh my God. What happened if nothing changes in the next six months? What happens? What happens if you cannot move on for another six months? Think about it. How much more energy are you losing to this story every single day? Now you compare this value to the value you're investing in the Achievement Manifesting Academy. 

Think about that. It's this, solving this problem really far exceeds the amount that you're investing in the training. Okay. 

But I'm going to give you a glimpse of what you could do. All right. Because this is, a lot of people have all this pain. 

It's high time you solve it. Right. Okay. 

So the two protocols, the two protocols that normally we would use is protocol four, emotional alchemy that transforms resentment into clarity and compassion. And, or we use the divine alliance protocol, which helps with support. And we use this form to magnetize supportive relationships and mend broken trust lines. 

Okay. Angela, Teo, you just joined. You want me to sign your book? I shall sign your book. 

Okay. Right. So protocol four and protocol five. 

Thank you, Angela. Okay. So now, so let's say now you are doing the support protocol. 

Then you need the pillar. You need to find the pillar and the constellation of net ox mount or ghost that is entering into your relationship palace. Or if you're thinking that this is a karmic bond, you should look at your karmic palace. 

Okay. Your karmic palace. So you want these combinations to add in, and then you need to invoke the six harmony deity. 

Okay. Six harmony deity. Now important, six harmony for reconciliation and authentic friendship. 

You ready for the command? Ready for the command guys. Okay. Yeah. 

So, right. Yeah. Someone stuck on the upgrade page, please. 

You can just click no upgrade, then that's it. Right. And yeah. 

Or text the team, they will help you. Okay. So say this or command the six harmony to move graciously through my four realms, spirit, heaven, earth and human realm, restoring sacred flow of understanding, respect and heartfelt connection between my best friend and me or between who and who with me.

All right. Okay. Through its divine energy of cooperation and unity, our hearts open once more to genuine communication, mutual appreciation and shared laughter. 

All misunderstandings dissolve into wisdom and every past wound transformed into compassion. Our minds reconnect with clarity and ease. Our emotions align in honesty and warmth. 

I honour this renewed bond by choosing presence, humility and kindness, ensuring that our friendship thrives in truth and balance. I seal this command with full alignment that spirit shall heal our bond. Heaven grants understanding, earth grounds our trust and human realm expresses love through sincere action. 

So it is commanded, so it is done. Okay. So thank you. 

Oh, Y-Chan just joined. All right. Do we still have enough books guys to bring some stock over? Yes. 

All right. Thank you. Y-Chan.

Mei-Lin Tan and Grow with Upgrade. Wow. And then I need to sign your book right now, Mei-Lin.

Mei-Lin Tan. Thank you, Mei-Lin. William Tan, of course. 

Sure. And Citrin Wu. Thank you. 

All right. Great. Wow. 

So many of you guys are joining us this year. This will be super amazing. This training will be life transformational because this is kind of like already done for you type of training. 

First time we ever have something like that. Angela Teo, I've signed your book already. All right. 

Chong Sing. Sure. All right. 

Y-Chan, I signed your book. All right. Cool. 

Yeah. Anyone who joined, I'll sign your book later even if I don't do it live right here and right now, but I'll do it before this is done. I'll sign and I'll send to you. 

All right. No worries. Okay. 

Okay. Some of you are thinking of joining next year. Well, next year might not be the same package anymore and it'll be probably 18 months from now. 

I would think, if I may suggest humbly, try manifesting help and support and sponsorship. Sometimes this might be a good win-win situation for everybody. Okay. 

So do try that. Yeah. I think it will be life transformational if you do that. 

Okay. Yeah. Cool. 

Any more questions here now? Yeah. So who's still on the yeah. Maria Grosita. 

Sure. And Desiree. Right. 

Sure. Yeah. Sure. 

I'll sign your book. There you go. All right. 

Yeah. You get, sometimes you get the support, right? It's just like, I mean, you would support somebody, you know, in their education sometimes, if you know that there's value in supporting someone. Right. 

So, you know, sometimes you could get the support when you are willing to help them as well. Right. Cool. 

So yeah. How many of you guys are still on the enrollment page before I end this call? Yeah. Before I end this call, anyone who enrolls right now will get this box set of commands, right? Genevieve, Genevieve, I'm going to sign your book as well. 

Sure. Right. Before we end, right, we're going to, and everyone who's, before I end, I will sign your book. 

Okay. I'll sign the book, the manifesting calendar just for you guys. Some of them are asking a message about the 12 month enrollments. 

Yeah. So they have to come by the office, even Singapore or Yale. Oh, okay. 

All right. So some of you are asking for the 12 month investments. So Kenny just saying, for those who are in Malaysia or Singapore, there is an option for the 12 months or up to even 36 months of installment, 12 months or 36 months, but you have to come to the Malaysia office or Singapore office to, to get that, that range. 

All the information is on the Joint Chieman page. Yeah. All the information is on the Joint Chieman page, right? The link is on the joeyup.com. Yeah. 

joeyup.com slash Joint Chieman. You can see it on the screen right now. Okay. 

Catherine, all right. I'll sign your book. Sure. 

Catherine. Right. Right. 

Sure. So yeah. Cool. 

How many of you are still on the enrollment page? Yeah. Okay. All right. 

Okay. Still on the wrong page. Paul Chin Low. 

All right. BC. All right. 

Type of me if you're still there on our enrollment, I'll wait for you. All right. Because once this end, then you're probably not going to get this anymore. 

Right. Right. Martin Bagard. 

All right. I'll wait for you. Anna. 

All right. Katrina. Okay.

Right. Katrina. All right. 

Sign the book. Sure. Right. 

36 months is for Malaysians and Singapore card. If you have someone who can help you with that, then we can obviously arrange that. All right. 

But you have to come to the Singapore office or the Malaysia office to do that. Okay. Right. 

So now, any of you, Annabelle, sign my book. Sure. Annabelle just enrolled. 

Nice. Thank you so much, Annabelle. Wow. 

Many of you guys here, right? Tonight. Amazing. Annabelle. 

All right. Eleanor as well. Eleanor. 

Sure. Eleanor. Right. 

I think we need more salt. We don't have four more books left. Last stack. 

Last stack. Okay. Last stack for now, but we're going to get more. 

We're calling the warehouse. We're calling the warehouse now. Right. 

All right. So, right. Okay. 

Yeah. This is the last stack. Who's here? All right.

So now, for those of you who would need, you go find your friends. All right. Friends and find families that you wish to help. 

People that you want to help and then be sincere about it. Okay. I'm pretty sure with sincerity and people that you really want to help and you have a genuine heart, you can attract someone who's able to support. 

I'm pretty sure. All right. People have done that so many times. 

Okay. Chung Wai Kit. Sure. 

Chung Wai Kit. There you go. Right. 

Someone's asking how do they upgrade. All right. If you took leap of faith, we'll send you an instruction. 

Kenny says he will send you an email right now. Okay. Yeah. 

The protection link will be sent soon. Don't worry because we're still here doing this live event right now. Okay. 

Right. Sushma. All right. 

Sushma. All right. Sign Sushma's book. 

I will sign Sushma's book. All right. And Cheryl. 

And Cheryl as well. Okay. How many of you, let's talk about one more protocol I think you guys will be very interested in.

Right. And if you are joining right now, this could be the last call. Last call before I end the call.

Before I end this, after I end, no more, no more treatment commands. All right. No more treatment commands. 

This is the last call now. How many of you are still on that page? On the enrollment page? Right. If you're still on the enrollment page, just type the type of word, wait for me and I'll wait for you. 

All right. I'll wait for you.


Good evening. Good to see you all here. How you guys doing? All right, you could use the chat and connect with me here.

Right. Hello. Hello.

Good to see you all here. And firstly, congratulations on joining the all-new Shimon Manifesting Academy. I'm super excited, me and my team super excited to be able to serve you in this up-and-coming new training, which I think will be groundbreaking in terms of Shimon, it has never been done before and it is one of the things that most people when they are starting in Shimon, when they learn in Shimon they want an actual structure and class to actually doing this manifesting.

I hope you guys enjoyed the last four days of four parts and I mean, we finished around 12 30 a.m. Last night. Were you guys there? Yeah, you guys there? Yeah, crazy, right? Well, it's 3 a.m. All right. Wow.

Okay. Thank you so much. Wow.

Let me just see some names here. So many names here. Now, I actually could see you guys because I requested for the guys to actually set up the meeting in such a way.

Let me just bring one together with you. All right. Let's see who's here.

Wilson Ang, Trish Lim. Hello. May, LM Tan Liming, Andres, Valerie.

Hello, Kimberly. Right, Karina Lau. Hello, Karen, Wendy, Wendy Thayer.

Right. Hello. Thank you so much, guys.

Wendy Chow, Anna Lu, Yucheng. Hello, Hazel. Right, Siu Hock, Tony, Maima.

Thank you so much for joining me. Now, let me explain how this works. So, you know, one of the biggest, ST, of course, ST who has been helping so much voluntarily in the group.

I just want to acknowledge her. Thank you so much, ST. You have been very helpful to all the beginners as well. I get a lot of good comments and very good karma.

I'm very sure it will return to you tenfold. Now, many people have asked me this, right? How can I help someone who is, how do I do treatment for somebody else? Don't you guys have this question? Right, because I could do it for myself, but then it's very hard for me to do it for somebody else. Correct? Right? So, then I thought about it and over the years, as you know, I've been doing treatment for a long, long time.

And I started teaching treatment in 2012. And over the course of so many years, I realized that, yeah, besides teaching them, right? I've been teaching treatment. One of the things that have been very effective is called a host and guest.

Now, as you study treatment, you'll come across this term. Called host and guest. Right? So, if you look at forecasting, treatment forecasting, now, I know some of you are very new to treatment, which you will eventually learn this.

It's called treatment forecasting. So, forecasting, I believe from module six onwards in treatment academy, you'll be exposed to what this is. So, basically what treatment forecasting is, you plot a treatment chart.

And then based on that treatment chart, you can give advisory strategy and consults to whoever is asking questions. Have you seen me done this live before? Any of you seen me done this live, Rogers? Yeah. Okay.

It's quite interesting, isn't it? Right? Okay. So, that's called treatment forecasting. There's always a host.

Now, and over the years, I realized that wherever the client is in the world, and they are on a different time zone, but as long as I'm hosting the forecasting, I will always use my local treatment chart. And I believe I've taught this to all the students as well. Some of you guys are already in treatment academy.

Some of you are in even treatment club. How many of you also did this? You host your own chart and then your son, your daughter, your friend is in a different time zone, yet everything is correct still based on the chart that you are using in your own time zone. Can you just type the answer here in the chat so everyone can see this or give a thumbs up? Right.

So, yeah. Yeah. So, you've done that before, right? So, it's good, right? So, and over time, then I realized that when I was doing some simple advice on manifesting, right? I also have been using my local chart.

So, I said, okay, now this is the direction wherever you are in your world. You're doing the meeting right now because I'm hosting the chart. I turned down.

You sit this direction because my client doesn't know the treatment, right? But I know the treatment. So, I said, okay, you back this direction right now in this turn and do this, right? And then he did it and then they get good results. So, then I realized that it can also be done for strategic execution and manifesting.

So, that's why today I want to host this at 9 a.m. to, I mean, the time is 9 a.m. the sneak hour because this is a very, very, very special hour for one of the protocols which I will be sharing and you guys will be learning in the Achievement Manifesting Academy called Protection. And so, I realized, I know for sure that you guys are in different time zones, right? You guys are all in different time zones right now. So, you all have a different achievement chart.

But because I'm hosting this manifesting, you would be now tuned into me as I'm the host. You'll be using my chart right now. Okay, because time dimension is not linear.

You know, I told you the story that in a book, right? Time is kind of like a book. The starting chapter and the ending chapters all in the same is in the now, right now. It's a question of which page you're looking at.

Okay, so right now I'm the host and I'm going to host you on my achievement chart and you're going to use the protection protocol and all you have to do is participate in it. Okay, so Kimberley said you will protect yourself. Well, you guys will protect yourselves.

I will show you how you can do this. And I think a lot of us need this, right? A lot of us need this. You want to protect it from, I mean, all the crazy things that are happening around the world right now.

It's a lot of volatility and this Crimson Horse is coming, right, and a lot of us, I think, need at least some safety and stability, right? Do you need that? How many of you need that? Type of one. Yeah, okay. So I think it's good.

Now, protection protocol, there are a few ways. What do you need to protect? I think the first thing you need to protect, Catherine, Celine, right, mainly our own energy from being, you know, contaminated, firstly. I mean, we don't want to take anything from anyone, but we also should not allow our own energy to be taken by others.

Would you guys agree? Yeah, we will never harm anyone, but we should not allow anyone to harm us too, especially if we are consultants. When we are consultants, sometimes when we help other people, have you ever felt super drained after talking to someone? Yeah, you're so tired, right, and then you don't, and you have, yeah, you're not asleep, right? It's just that, yeah. So, yeah, especially when you give a presentation and then you feel super drained.

You see, after an event, right, when I do, if I did it correctly in big events, have you seen my big events before, like 14,000 people, I feel energized, right? Because there's energy in the room. But if you go, sometimes I give a talk to eight people in a meeting room and I feel totally drained. Because there's some people out in that sort of meetings that are just, yeah, they're energy vampires, right? They just drain you.

And maybe not intentionally, but they are like that. And over the last one year or so, I've seen this before. So many people tell me, hey, you know, I've received a gift from a stranger.

I thought it was really nice, a nice gesture, and I received it, and ever since then, I got bad luck. I thought, are you sure? Then I received this, I received this item, and then they say they belong to their family, and I took it, and then after that, I got bad luck. Have you heard of this before? Right? So apparently, there are methods in metaphysics, and guys, I do not practice this at all, but I need to know about it, yeah, that some bad luck people can transfer some of their bad luck to other people just by giving it as a gift.

Have you heard of this? Apparently, there are other cultures that have it too. Old clothes, for example, right, throwing away is not going to work because you already accepted the gift. Okay, you accepted the gift, right? Yeah, so that prompted me to actually do this protection thing, right? So protection is important.

So you always have this protection. It doesn't matter who can give you any gift. They're not going to be able to take anything away from you.

They will not be able to transfer any bad luck to you as well. Okay, this is self-defense in the ultimate level. All right, so we're going to do this.

That's why I think it's important that we do this today and also at the beginning of your achievement journey, right? Because you guys are going to help so many people, right? And also, you want to have this protection extend to around your house so that anyone who lives with you are equally protected. Would that be good for you? Yeah, don't you want that? So now, although you can't directly protect someone and cast achievement energy for them, but because you are nearby, it's kind of like a Wi-Fi extending. Whoever is nearby, they also have the protection.

Would that be good? Yeah, okay. And if they're also listening to, in future when you're doing this protocol for other people who are listening, just have to listen and you can follow your time zone and they will also be protected. Wouldn't that be cool, right? Is this what you have been looking for all this while, right? Okay, so let me first show you the chart why I'm using this chart, why it's important that you guys follow this period of time, okay? So now, first the day chart, okay? This is today's day chart and I will be using the Southwest sector, okay? I'll be using the Southwest sector.

Now, there are two ways to use this. You can be in the Southwest or you can be backing the Southwest, either way, okay? The technicalities of why it is like that, basically it's called a focus point, all right? So you got to be somewhere where the signal can be sent to you. That's why we have to designate an area, right? Even if you say, I want to launch a missile, you tell them, okay, I want to launch the missile to that spot, okay? So now, if you look at this, I'm particularly using the death door to end something.

Death doors are not bad. They're very good in manifesting, very useful. End bad luck, for example, correct? Isn't that what we want? We want to end something.

We always use death door. Remember cleansing on October 23rd? Did you guys use, did you all follow that, the cleansing? All right, you felt good because I used the death door. Okay, death door is useful for ending bad shit.

All right, just remember this. We all have bad shit once in a while. Hopefully not for too long, but now you know this, you know the secret to ending it, all right? You can end this shit using death door.

So I like this death door, all right? And because I'm doing one to many right now, one to many means I'm helping a lot of people at the same time. I mean, there's so many of you, like almost 500 of you right now. So harmony is important.

Harmony means that you learn achievement translates to many. Harmony means many. Okay, harmony means many.

You will learn this achievement eventually. It's so you know, okay? Now, take note that this is the well hexagram, which obviously belongs to the red phoenix, the seven constellations. I like to call it the order of the phoenix, the order of the dragon, the order of the white tiger.

There are seven constellations together, okay? So this is the day chart. Now, watch this, guys. Watch this, okay? So I'm going to overlap this.

I'm going to overlap this with achievement of the day, of the hour, okay? So this is my current hour where I'm sitting, okay? Where I am in right now, at this moment, guys. So you will notice that this is a level 5 chief. Level 5 is growth.

Level 5 is growth, okay? Or anything to do with self-development, self-improvement, self-realization, anything to do with awakening, enlightenment, it always is level 5. Not always level 7 is the best, guys. Level 7 is transcendent. It's so level, right? So it's like, you know, sometimes it's too high up.

You got to be a little bit more practical, okay? Now, so we have this and we're going to use the destructor. Why destructor? I mean, I'm pretty sure most of you, half of you have missed the protocols, the actual protocols last night, right? Because I look back at the text, the channel. Oh, I missed this.

I missed that. Okay, for all protection protocols, there are many protocols, but the easy ones is I group them under destructor. Destructor is used to break spells.

Remember the best defense is offense. Do you remember that, right? If anyone tries to put a hex on you or send you negative energy, this is the right formation to send it back plus interest. How many of you would like to do that? Just to send it back.

You're not going to cause harm. You're just going to send it back. Okay, you're going to send back the negative thoughts that they send you, the negative intentions that they send you, the whatever, envy, resentment, right? Drama, right? Send back the drama to them, right? Give it back to them.

This is, you're not going to attack. You're just going to send it back. Right? So what if I want to remove a hex? This, but not get back to the person.

Yeah, this is the way to do it. You don't, you send it back, Kelvin. Okay, hex or curse or whatever, even if you don't know who the sender is.

Does not matter. You're going to ask this to be returned. They will have no choice but to accept it back.

Okay, any of you need to use any of this today? Have a meeting right here. Any of you needed this? Yeah, I guess this is the right place, right time, isn't it? It's interesting that Qi Men is always bringing the right people together. You guys are here for a reason.

Okay, so send it back to them. In a short while, you're going to do exactly that. Okay, so you have delusion door to protect yourself today.

Delusion door, you're going to hide yourself from any future attacks. Very powerful. Okay, and look at this absolute support.

It is absolute. And more importantly, you are again in the Phoenix formation. Basically, have you guys watched this Game of Thrones? Have you guys watched Game of Thrones? Yeah, no, you're not watching it at all.

Yeah. All right. How does it feel when Daenerys do the Dracarys on all the enemies? It feels great.

That's exactly what you guys are going to do. You're going to burn these enemies and then, yeah, Dracarys you're going to do that to all these negative energies once and for all. That's why you have the fire phoenix.

Okay. All right. So you're going to send a Jaco.

You're going to send it all back. Send it all back. Okay.

Now, how many times do you need to do this? I don't know how strong the negative energy is. You probably get 50% of it off from you. At least if it's extremely strong.

If it's a light matter, you probably feel 100% after this. It depends. I don't know how many years you have been suffering from whatever negative energy.

Okay, it depends. Well, you will be learning how to do this anyway. So eventually, just do it whenever you need it, right? And when the time comes, you guys cool with that? Yeah.

All right. So that is how we use achievement charts. Yes.

Can we do this on any day? Yeah, Qi is asking this question. No, you can't do it on times without the protocol. You understand? The protocol means you have the right chart.

When the right chart appears. Yeah, so it's not the chart doesn't always appear, right? But yeah, every chart has not every single day, but you know, some days will have more potential for say protocol number five or protocol number eight. Some days are not so good.

Then you just do other things, right? It's not like every single day. You're not like, oh, I'm going to do this and do that. So that's why you follow the timing like cleansing, right? It's not that I don't want to give you a different date.

It's that the best dates are not available. So, you know, people say, why can't you just give me another cleansing day? It's not like I generate this out of thin air, you know, you gotta wait for the time to come, right? So when you guys learn this, I believe you will be able to help a lot more people out there. Okay.

All right. Are you guys ready for this? Yeah. Okay.

So in order to make this super smooth, right? I've recorded the entire instructions. I'm going to play that. Then you go into your Sage mode.

And then after that, I'll come back and do a debrief with you guys. How about that? Okay. Are you guys okay? Give me a thumbs up, right? Right.

Okay. So this is what I want you to do. Can you find the southwest area of your home? That's first choice and you want to move to that area.

Or if not, if you cannot find the southwest area, I'll give you the other option. You could back the southwest. Right.

Back the southwest. Just turn your chair to back the southwest. Now, do this as I'm talking to you.

Right? You back the southwest. I believe you have a freaking compass you can use, you know, right? If I don't know where south is, that shouldn't stop you today, right? You have a compass. Find the southwest.

Backing southwest. Okay. Now, if you would like to clear, protect yourself from the soul level, which you believe that you have been, you've been hexed, you've been, uh, black magic voodoo or whatever.

Okay. For that, you will have to go to the southwest area of your room. The area of your room.

So you stand in the middle and find where the southwest area is. And then I want you to find your soul palace direction. The soul palace.

Now, you will be able to see this on your Qiman natal chart. If you believe or you feel like that you have been hexed or jinxed or someone did something bad to you. You for sure know that.

If you want a generic protection, backing southwest is good enough. If you feel that, right? Not sure you want to be safe, then go and find the southwest area of your room or your house and look for the soul palace direction. Got it? So use the soul because now you're sending the protection into the soul.

So Tiffany, the soul is in the east palace. So you go to the south area of your room or your house and then in that southwest area back to the east for Tiffany. Okay, some of you are, it's convenient because your soul palace is also in your southwest.

Then it's a super convenient. Okay, obviously you cannot do this while you're driving. So, uh, nevermind.

You gotta wait for the next protection, uh, protocol. All right. All right.

So Maima says I'm in the southwest of my house in the southwest area of my room backing southwest. What are the odds? Wow. I think you're meant to hear this then.

You know, sometimes it's like that. Do you guys believe in divine grace that happens to us? Right? You're here for some reason you needed to hear this, right? Yeah, divine intervention somehow, right? Okay. So are you guys ready? If you're ready type of one, right? So if you just want generic protection, just backing southwest is good enough wherever you are.

Okay, if you're in the northwest palace of the house, it does not matter. Just back to southwest. All right, so the generic all you anyone can use is backing southwest right now.

If you want to be even if you're in the office, you can back southwest. You can go to the toilet. If you think someone is bothering and back southwest, I don't doesn't matter.

Do whatever it is. You can stand and do this. Yeah, you don't have to move.

But the toilet bowl cannot move. I know the toilet bowl cannot move but you can move, you know. Gargan is like what the hell, right? All right, you get used to my style of teaching.

Yeah, don't worry. Just back southwest. Yeah, just go to the cubicle and back southwest for some reason.

Okay, you guys ready? You guys ready? Then I'm going to start. Ready? Ready? Okay. So turn off your your I'm going to turn off my screen and you're going to I'm going to you guys going to hear my voice and I'm going to come back after we finish this whole session.

You guys ready? All right, let's begin. Just hold on a second guys. I'm setting it up for a while.

Just hold on. We're coming. Just find the southwest now.

Find the southwest. It'll be up in less than a minute. Okay, guys, if you're ready, we can begin our achievement protection ritual.

Now, just a quick reminder. You could be in the southwest zone or area of your room or your house. That area or zone in the southwest area right now has the correct combinations for this protocol.

Now, there are two choices here. You could be backing southwest to be utilizing this formation or you could be specifically backing the soul Palace. Where you could use these energies to form a protection ritual.

So there are two choices here be in the southwest zone backing southwest or be in the southwest zone backing your soul Palace direction. Okay, all right. This is where the level 5 chief stands guard.

So we're going to be using that together with the wing constellation that will be expanding your vast shield of light. And of course, we have the destructor star here that is perfect for this protocol today. Okay, you ready? Sit down, relax.

Don't lie down. Sit down, relax. Breathe slowly.

Counting down. From 8 to 0. And know that right now is the sacred hour. That you will be entering and activating the field of divine protection.

3 2 1 I take one breath to arrive. Another to command. And another to seal my field in Divine Authority.

I call upon the level 5 chief deity. To activate all realms. And celestial defense.

I command the chief deity. To connect with the wing constellation. Extending its vast shield of light.

Activating the field of protection around me. And with the destructor star. I shall awaken.

The protective energies to repel all harm and dissolve all evil. I command the level 5 chief to form a radiant dome of safety. To repel harm.

And to dissolve negative forces before they reach me. Breathe in. Feel the light expanding.

Expanding and protecting around you. Exhale slowly. I sense the ground beneath me anchoring my strength.

I see the divine light descend from heaven through my crown. And the breath of earth rises through my body. They meet in the center of my heart.

And from this sacred point, the shield of heaven, the divine begins to form. It expands outwards in every direction. A luminous sphere of gold and silver light.

Spinning warmly with quiet force. With every breath. It feeds it with power.

Every exhale reinforces its walls. This barrier does not isolate me from life. It harmonizes me with life.

It filters what is harmful. Allowing only truth, light and grace to enter my life. Breathe in strength and safety.

Exhale all worries and anxiety. I command the chief to awaken the wing constellation. Forming a celestial guardian whose vast wings extend across the heavens.

I call upon these powerful wings of protection to unfold around me. To shelter my energy, my mind, my heart and my body. Let these wings become a shield of radiant feathers.

Each feather, a blade of divine light. Let them guard me from harm, from visible dangers and unseen malice. From envy, jealousy, from deceit, from betrayal.

Breathe in and feel these magical wings expanding. Exhale and feel peace. I'm now surrounded by the wings embrace.

Nothing negative can pierce this field. Every harmful intention, every toxic emotion. Every whisper of ill will that approaches me is caught by these wings.

By these celestial wings and dissolve into harmless light. I use the protocol for protection. I connect to the destructive star, commanding it to ignite.

Let its blazing energy rise within this shield. Repelling and reversing and nullifying all evil and corruption. Breathe in deeply.

Exhale through the mouth. And imagine a radiant divine fire igniting around you. The destructive star burns through falsehood.

It shatters curses, envy and projections send my way. It disarms those who wish harm, returning their energy back to its origin. Purify, neutralize, unable to harm another.

Every attack becomes fuel for my growth. Every shadow sent toward me becomes light in my field. I command all negative energies seen or unseen, known or unknown to return to your sender.

Cleansed of poison, stripped of power so that only truth remains. Breathe in strength. Exhale authority.

The destructive star now energizes, creating a vortex of divine justice. Swift, precise and complete. Now I command the level five chief to seal this protection in four realms.

Spiritually, mentally, emotionally and physically. Spiritually, my energy remains clear and untangled. I walk unshadowed, guided by light.

Mentally, my thoughts stay sharp, unclouded by fear or illusion. No manipulation, confusion or malice can infiltrate my mind. Emotionally, I remain calm and grounded.

No projection or negativity can disturb my peace. Physically, I am protected from accidents, harm or danger. My path is guarded, my steps divinely directed.

Breathe in protection. Exhale certainty. The fortress of light expands beyond my immediate space, extending to my home, my family, my work, my travels.

And this divine field remains active even when I am underwear, even when I am resting, even when I forgot to protect myself. The chief deity commands the protection endures. The wing shields and the destructor repels.

I am safe, always safe. I once again command the forces of the destructor star to identify and return all malice, jealousy and deceit sent toward me. Let them travel back through their path of origin, transformed into awareness, purified by divine fire.

Breathe in. Exhale slowly. Imagine energy leaving your field.

No harm can remain within my orbit. No curse can hold. No shadow can linger.

The energy that once sought to harm me now becomes a mirror of truth, teaching those who sent it to choose light instead of darkness. In this, divine justice is complete. And now, the air and the energy around me begins to hum softly.

It is the vibration of the wing constellation in motion, its feathers brushing against the ether, singing a song of safety and protection. I hear its rhythm, the sound of protection. It is steady, patient and eternal.

Breathe in serenity. Exhale gratitude. This sound reminds me that I am never alone.

Even in moments when I am unaware, the chief's light watches over me. The wing constellation continues to shield me, and the destructor shall stand guard for me. I am protected while I sleep.

I am protected while I travel. I am protected while I speak, act and dream. And I am protected even in silence.

I thank my ancestors for their unseen protection, my teachers for their light, and my loved ones whose prayers strengthen my field. And I thank myself for standing in faith, for claiming my authority, for knowing that I am worthy of safety. Breathe in gratitude.

Exhale peace. Each act of gratitude now fortifies my shield. Every thank you adds another layer of light.

And once again, I align with the protection protocol for the stability, grounding and guardianship that is now activated. The field settles, strong, luminous, complete. The divine wings fold gently but remain alert.

The destructor star continues its quiet orbit, repelling all that would disturb my peace. Breathe in confidence. And exhale calm.

I stand protected in every realm. My steps are guarded, my heart is secure, my spirit is untouchable. And I now return to my world, surrounded by divine armor, anchored in peace, empowered by the achievement forces I have activated.

I am safe. I am secure. I am sovereign.

Breathe in light. Exhale completion. And now the protection is sealed.

Open your eyes. How do you guys feel? Yeah? Cool? Type of one if you guys feel good. Nice, nice.

I think at least 98% of you would have received the energies. Now, did you know if you're on a different time zone, you're on a different time zone that is different than mine right now, there's an extra benefit. Because you know what? When your actual time comes in to 9, between 9 to 11am, you can actually listen to this again.

Okay, if you're on a different time zone. So you can do it twice. Most of you would have already done it once and got the benefit, so you don't need a second time for it.

So for those of you who, some of you might have a slightly stronger energy. Now, some of you are asking, will it be in a library? There's no point being in a library. As you will learn in Qiman, the moment you miss the time, you miss the time.

The whole process is no use to you. You understand what I mean? You got to actually follow the timing. Yeah? So if you're a different time zone, you're in the United States right now, what you have just done is you have used, I'm the host, right? I hosted you.

So you're using my time zone and you get the experience. But guess what? When in your own time zone, you can have the replay again, and then you play it again at your own time, you get the second time cleansing. Okay? For those of us who are not, who are on a different time zone, the replay will not work.

It can work, but it will not have the same effect. You understand what I mean? All right? Yeah, so 9 to 11am at your October 31st. Okay? So that's, yeah.

Now, one more thing here. Some of you might experience what we call obstructions. Not a lot.

A few of you guys like, Oh, you know, I cannot hear, the internet broke, right? Or something happened. And if you're doing this for other people as well, sometimes there's a lot of obstructions. The reason for that is because the negative energy is way stronger than what we are trying to do.

Right? So you will get obstructions. Guess what? Keep doing it. One day, you will have no obstructions.

All right? Maybe the hex is stronger. I don't know, right? It will take a bit of time. But for those of you who've done it easily, it's meant for you.

Okay? It's meant for you. Right place, right time. Okay? So, don't analyze anything like, Oh, you know, I felt sleepy.

I felt what? I felt what? It doesn't matter, right? Just all you have to do is feel relaxed. Okay? Yeah. Your dog came and sat with you.

Yeah. See? Energy is good. Yeah.

You will feel it. Okay? Now, I want to, just one more last thing before I go here, right? So you see, for those who are learning Qi Men, who are in Qi Men Mastery Circle, for those of you, how to select a good time, right? Watch, yeah, you see? Just so you know. Anyway, you'll learn this eventually.

It may take some time. This represents the person doing the manifesting. This is the outcome, which is protection and clearing off the evil, blocking off the negative energies, and destroying, sending it back to sender.

So this is here. And you see that? So the self, this is the self element, counters this, whichever you want to send back, and you send it all into emptiness. See, this represents the darkness, the evil, whoever is trying to send you negative energies, or if you caught some negative energies along the way, right? Put them in fear, send them away.

You see how the Qi Men chart works? Okay? Because this is water, water element box. This is water. This is earth.

Okay? Earth counters water. Simple. Okay? I hope you guys enjoyed this session.

Tell others about it. If you would like another session, that's possible, I can do one more. Just to get you guys started on the right track.

Okay? I'll try. Would you like one? Yeah? I'll try, alright? Let us know. Can you do me a favor? Let the other people know as well, how you guys felt on the telegram, or on Facebook, you experienced this protocol yourself.

Alright? Just send out the good vibes. Help more people. Okay? Tell them to join the Qi Men Manifesting Academy too.

Alright? Thank you so much guys. And have a great week. Don't be unhappy Can't remember when I saw you laughing This world makes you crazy And you've taken all you can bear Just call me up Cause I will always be there And I see your true color Shining through I see your true colors And that's why I love you So don't be afraid To let them show Your true colors True colors are beautiful I see your true colors Shining through I see your true colors And that's why I love you So don't be afraid To let them show Your true colors True colors are beautiful Like a rainbow Oh, like a rainbow