All right folks, so of course, just first and always before we dive in, quick disclaimer, push button trading provides education, not financial advice. We cannot trade for you, manage your funds, or guarantee profits. Trading does have some risks, and of course, always trade responsibly. 

Never risk more than you can afford to lose. So first and foremost, I want to see if anyone has any questions. We'll start there. 

Otherwise, we're going to jump into part two of what we talked about last week, which is the recommended settings and this bot portfolio idea. And I'm going to walk you through a little bit more in depth of how that works. But I want to see if you guys have any ideas or any questions, rather, to start with.

Otherwise, I can jump in. Nobody. Not everybody at once. 

Okay. Well, I'll go ahead and get started then. Let me share my screen. 

Let me move this little screen down here. Let's see. Already, you guys, not yet. 

Let's see. Got to pick the right screen, Matt. All right. 

You guys should be able to see my screen here, right? Should be like a little Windows Explorer. So our goal, of course, is to kind of have this out ready available. Some of you guys have been babe testing this, but our goal is to kind of release this before the end of this week. 

So the very first thing is it's going to include a zip file of some pre-built, pre-configured recommended settings for a bunch of different bots. And so far, this is kind of what it's going to look like. Imagine all this comes inside of a zip file, right? So you unzip it and you come to something like this. 

Now, inside each of these, you'll see a whole bunch of pre-configured templates. So you guys know how you can go into a bot, load a template. These are kind of pre-built templates, and it's pretty much ready to use. 

The only thing you have to change is your time zone, right? So everything's right here in the instructions, but I'm going to give you the short version. Everything will be built in PST Pacific time zone. So if you are in Central time zone, you're basically going to add two hours, right? If you're in Eastern, you're going to add three hours. 

If you're in Mountain, you're just going to add one hour. If you're somewhere else, you got to somewhere else in the world, you got to do the math on whether to add or subtract hours. And the reason is, as you guys know, the bots have a start and end time configured, and you just have to adjust those because everything will be in PST. 

Now, the reason that these bots, the folders are structured like this is it's designed to literally go inside of NinjaTrader, like inside the actual root of NinjaTrader, right? And go into templates and strategy, and you'll notice this naming convention, right? Like pushbutton.volumebot, right? Pushbutton.megasnapback, pushbutton.mega or pushbutton, right? You guys see the naming convention? And so essentially what you're going to do is you just basically go back and you're going to copy all these folders and literally paste them on top of what you have. Now, will this automatically delete everything you've created so far? The answer is no, it will not delete what you have so far. Why? Well, the reason is unless you have something named exactly, these are actually numbered, right? So these are number 31, 32, 33, right? So unless you have something named exactly like this, what it will do is it'll take your files plus these and kind of nest them together. 

They'll play nicely in the same folder. That's essentially what will happen, right? So volumebot, megasnapback, megascalper. And so over the next rest of this week, we're building some more and we're adding more like predefined recommended settings. 

So the cool part is this will come with like a spreadsheet so you guys can look at, and I'll show you that here and again, and Tracy went over that, but I'll show you some of the things that we didn't go over last week. So in this case, let's look at volumebot and you'll see here all of these. And what I've done, if I've, sorry, is there someone with a question? Maybe that's just a echo.

So what I'm going to do, you guys should be able to see my strategy analyzer here. What I can do is I can go up to something like the volumebot and I can go to template and click load. And you'll see all of those that we just looked at in that folder are now here available for me to load. 

Now the recommended way to do this, this is kind of like my little twist, is anything that I'm going to load, when I change it and make it my own personal CST, I'm going to add dash CST on the end. Why? Well, if there's any updates to this, I want to preserve the original, but I want to make a copy of it and add dash CST on to the end. So that way I know that I've already updated it. 

I don't want to update it and then update it again. And then now the times are way off. And you guys can see some of these that I've updated so far. 

So these are named, obviously, the bot, the ticker, MNQ, the time frame, and some of the start time and end time. Now, obviously, if I'm changing the start time from four to 1230 and I'm in central time zone, so I'm adding two hours CST, I'm still going to leave these named that way, knowing that that technically is the PST time, but I'm going to go in and update it, right? Update it myself. So let's load one of these that isn't PST.

And let's take a look. In this case, you'll see here, 4 AM, 12 AM, right? And remember, what ticker was that? That was MNQ, right? So the thing I do have to manually change, of course, is the instrument. I was previously looking at MGC. 

So again, this won't auto select your instrument. So it's very possible that you choose the wrong instrument. So make sure you choose the latest contract also. 

So in this case, I'm just going to type in MNQ and go to future. And it should auto select the latest, so September 25. And in this case, you'll see in this example, it goes back to 2025. 

Now, the only downside to doing it this way is that NinjaTrader does not provide tick data going back three and a half, four years, unfortunately. So there's just a slight little, it might like the real results might be slightly different, usually not going to be hugely different. But of course, the high one tick is the recommended way to go. 

But if they don't have that available, then, you know, they don't have that available. It also means it's going to run way, way, way, way. Oops, I already realized I messed up. 

It's going to run way, way, way faster, right? It's the five minute chart. There we go. So we'll see how long this takes, but we're literally going back to 2022, 2023, 2024, right? And then half of 2025. 

So we're basically going back a little over three, let's say 3.5 plus years worth of time frame. And you'll see that we have 1201 trades, right? 1201 trades. And you guys agree, that's a nice, nice sample size. 

But in this case, I'm only risking a hundred bucks, right? So what you're looking at right now is quite a few hours overall, right? And in this case, that's not the actual, why? Because I need to change it, increase it two hours to run mine, to run what I, what has been predefined for my time zone. Does that make sense? Again, all I'm doing is I'm not editing the original, I'm just editing the copy, if that makes sense. So I'm editing, I'm kind of like creating this, copying this name, and then adding my own time zone just onto the end. 

So that I know I've already renamed it and I can pick the correct one. And it kind of stands out a little bit. Does that make sense, folks? I'll see if you guys have any questions thus far. 

Brandon, David, hello, Dr. Kristen, Jeff, Florencio, Jeremy, Jeff, Jerry, Michael, Pete, Tim, Amanda, Brandon, Alonzo, Charles. Anybody have questions about that so far? Yes. So you've got the start time at seven, even though it's central time. 

Yes. So let me just go through that one more time, is ultimately these templates were built. Oh, I see what you're saying. 

It should be six is what you're saying. That what you're saying? I think that's what you're trying to say. So it should be six, right? And that should be 14. 

I think that's, is that what you're asking? I thought the market opened at 830. No, no, that's correct. But in this case, this is running pre-market. 

So this is, so futures, yeah. So just to clarify, futures trades 23 hours a day, five days a week, right? There's kind of like pre and post. The, it's basically the six and a half hours that the, that the stock market is open is kind of considered the traditional hours that futures trades. 

You can trade before that and you can trade after that. So for example, if I was to here, let's launch a new chart real quick and I'll show you guys, let's go to a new chart on M and Q and let's go to a five minute chart. Let's load that real quick. 

And you'll see here that technically you'll see even up to right up to 4 PM my time, the market is open, but then there's a one hour break and then it's continued trading. Even up till right now, you'll see that this is a live chart, right? So what you're asking about, so the stock market opens at 830 central to 3 PM, which is right here. So that's kind of considered the main kind of trading hours, but you can always, you can, it's lower volume, but you can also trade during some of these other, you know, some of this other time.

And you'll see that ultimately it trades pretty much there's just that one hour during the day that it's closed. And then it's, it trades 23 hours a day, five days a week. So ultimately the strategy analyzer is looking at when do I start and when do I stop? That's essentially what it's looking at. 

Does that make sense, Charles? Yes. I just, in my mind, I had the central time stock from 830 to 3. So that was my fault. Yeah, no worries. 

So you always want to exit before the end, right? Before the end of the day. Right. So you always want to exit before the end day, especially if you're using funded accounts.

Why? Because that's one of the rules you have to be in cash at the end of the day, right? So that's, that's this one right here. There we go. What version is that, Matt? Sorry? What version is that? Version of the bot or version of NinjaTrader? Yeah, volume bot.

So this is 2.3 that we're looking at. Yep. Are you seeing some settings that you don't see in the other, because I'm pretty sure all these are... I have a start. 

I have a start and a close. Yes. So you have like the latest, latest that just came out. 

Yep. Yep. Yep. 

Yep. And so you would have like another, you'd have another date field in here. Yep.

That would, that was, it would always default to whatever the close time is set by default. But Yep. Yep.

So the cool part is, is now that you have like multiple, like instead of using like a three month timeframe, you're able to look at this under the analysis tab and you guys can see kind of what this, this exact bot, I think this was numbered. What was this number? Number 31 in this example, but number 31, you can look at how, how it performs over time. And you can see just like with, with, you know, a lot of strategies, there's some periods where it just kind of goes sideways or loses a little bit, but if you can hang in there, you'll see how it continues to grow even up until, you know, we're in August right now. 

So it's running trades through August. So that's the first thing to just to be aware of. The second thing is when you go here to monthly, I don't know if you guys have ever looked at monthly, probably not when you're looking at a, like a two or three month, but monthly you got two columns here. 

This is your net profit per month, right? So all your, your gross, your loss, your commissions, all the things, right? But your net, this is like your net monthly. And then this column here becomes like the cumulative, like you're running checkbook register of all the pluses and minuses, how it combines and how it gets up to that. In this case, when I fixed the time correctly, it's almost $14,000.

And this is running through just early as of like three weeks ago. Yeah. Does that make sense? So the cool part is predefined settings. 

You don't have to mainly recreate them. They come via a template. So you literally just import them, load the template and then change your like your own time zone. 

So in my case, I'm just adding two hours to it because of central time zone and, and then saving it and then going live with the CST version. So once I go live, I'm going to go live with this version here that has the, you know, my time zone adjusted date, if that makes sense. Questions? Okay. 

So what we're going to look at, we're going to look at a couple more. We look at Megasnap, I guess quite a few. Megascalper has a handful. 

Again, we're, we're working on building. I know some of you guys on the call here are already adding and contributing to like this library of settings. So MegaOrb has quite a few. 

TinneyMay has just a handful so far. And this was as of last week, I got this zip file from Tracy last week. So 820. 

So what is that? The, what is 820? That was a Wednesday. So almost a week old. Yep.

So again, all of these work the same way where you go into the bots. If I was to go into like the MegaOrb, go to template, click load, pick one of these that I like, and I'm going to click load. We're going to, oops, go back to load. 

In this case, you'll see it's the MNQ. So I need to make sure, of course, if I'm switching instruments that I'm still using MNQ. And be careful not to accidentally put September 24 or October 24, July 24. 

I actually did that. And I'm like, why is this, why is it not running the last year? Well, Matt, because you picked the wrong contract. That's why.

So just keep that in mind. It doesn't auto select the instrument for you. You just have to manually choose that. 

And in this case, I'm going to click, click it one more time, click load. And then I'm going to go into here and oops, let's do it this way. Let's go to load.

I'm going to copy this name, load. Now I'm going to say, now I'm going to update this. So I'm going to add two hours. 

Remember I'm two hours different, two hours ahead of Pacific. So I'm going to go in here and I'm going to just add dash CST on the end, click save. Now I can run it, right? And that's basically the gist of how this works. 

And you, same thing, you can go look at the analysis, how well it works. Look at this as the monthly. So each one of these nodes represents like a monthly, right? So that's kind of the gist of how it works. 

Now, the question that we've had, and not everyone has probably watched this video, but there are videos on how to run the, let me find it real quick. The run blank. What is the name of it? Quant analyzer. 

So let me load this real quick. How many of you guys have loaded and use the quant analyzer? Quant analyzer. I haven't used it lately though. 

You're going to have to speak up. Say it again. Oh, I'm sorry. 

I loaded it a while back, but I haven't used it lately. We're going to do a quick crash course. So it is free to download and I'll give you guys the link to that real quick. 

But essentially what we're going to do is we're going to download the free version. They'll give you a, like a little license code and that license code, you kind of plug in here to unlock like the free version. So Amanda's, okay. 

So here we go. We'll throw it into, oops, try it one more time. Control C. There is the link for the quant analyzer.

So the way that this works is when I'm running a back test in the actual trade, the inside Ninja trader, inside the strategy analyzer, if I like this and I say, Hey, I want, I want to look at the trades and yeah, the trades, you know, they look, they look fine. I'm, I'm, you know, got a hundred dollars of risk and almost a three hour profit taker. Right. 

So I'm not, I certainly don't want to see a 200, 300, $400 loss. Right. So all that looks good. 

And in this case, what I can do is I can literally go to export right now. It looks like a highlighted a single row. I'm actually going to go to export. 

I'm going to export all of these trades. And in this case, I'm going to just, oops, dang it. Let me get the template name one more time. 

It is called this. So I'm going to copy this and I'm going to export one more time. And I created a folder on my desktop called bot portfolio. 

And essentially what I want to do is I want to look at, you know, let's say I have three different bots that each have their own individual backtest report. How do I combine all of those into one? Right. So like consecutive wins, consecutive losses, like what does that all look like? And in this case, what I can do is I'm just going to give it this name, which is what it was originally called and click save.

Okay. So again, just run the back test, go to your trades and literally just export it. And I put it inside a folder called bot portfolio and just created a couple examples here. 

Okay. So essentially what happens is the export of Ninja trader trades becomes the import inside of quant analyzer. Does that make sense? So the, the, the, the trades that come out of strategy analyzer out of the trade tab are saved in a CSV file that are then imported into quant analyzer. 

So what this thing will, what this will do is what you first, once you first install it, you'll come to a screen that looks like this and you won't have any previous open files, but you'll do, you'll click on this thing here called load report and they call a list of trades or a list of backtest trades or reports. So we're going to go to load and keep in mind that it's really up to me to tell it what I want to combine and what I want to look at. In this case, I'm looking at MNQ and I'll add MCL, right? I'll add just a few. 

I'll just add two to start with. So you guys can get an idea and keep in mind if I'm telling it to trade multiple things at the same time, like I don't want to trade MNQ long and MNQ short at the same time, right? Cause that would create some conflicts. It's like, you can't short Tesla and go long Tesla in the same account at the same time, right? With the same exact instrument. 

Now, some of you guys will, Oh, but options. Yeah. We're just talking about the actual like underlying asset, right? So in this case if, if I try to load volume bot and mega orb that are running at the same exact time, there is a potential for one to go long and one to go short at the same time, right? So you just have to be careful. 

This isn't going to tell you, Hey, Hey Matt, you big dummy. You, you know, you, you, you have two overlapping bots that will be conflicting with each other. Now, obviously there's ways around that you can have one run on certain days of the week and another one run on other days. 

In that case, they wouldn't actually ever be running at the same exact time. The other thing you can do is you can have one run in the morning and something else around the afternoon. Again, the same instrument in the same account, but not actually at the same exact time. 

Does that make sense? So it's up to you guys just to be mindful of this. This tool is just going to take what you tell it and combine it. It's not going to, it's not going to give you any warnings. 

So I'm going to click, okay, continue. And what we'll do here is we will scroll here and you, what you'll see is these are the two that I just imported, right? And these are called considered simple strategies. So I imported two things, two backtests that each had their own, like their own net profits here. 

They had different number of trades, different profitability, right? All the different numbers across the board is, is right. You'll, you'll see all the numbers, but what I don't want, I don't want two separate backtests. I want two backtests combined into one. 

So I can see like a holistic picture. So what I'm going to do is I'm basically going to check these two and I'm going to say, create portfolio. And we'll call this the bot test portfolio. 

Now, remember, when we went back here, there was a, about a, what, 14,000, 14.8 thousand dollar net profit and a 17.8. But when I combine them, it becomes this number right here, 32 six, right? So what I can do now, now that combined those two, you'll see the combined number of trades and some of the averages. But now the cool part, let me make this a little bigger. Now, the cool part is when I scroll down, you'll see kind of what happened over the years, all the way up to kind of August, because it ended in September, right? So you'll see in January and February, kind of what was the, the returns, right? That happened over each of the years and each of the months. 

You guys see that? So the years are across the top and the months are, or sorry, the years are across the side and the months are across the top. Okay. Now a couple of things to just look at and be mindful of.

Number one is maximum consecutive losses. Now, some of you guys might have a freak, freak out or a panic when you see 17 consecutive losses in a row. Now that may mean, hey, maybe you don't want to combine these two in one account. 

Maybe you run those separately and find something else, right? Or if you have, in this case, we'll look at the, the total drawdown here in a second, but you'll see the total drawdown is, you know, even if I was using a 50k account and in this case, you remember what my risk was, what I was running in the back test was a hundred dollar risk and that's per trade. And with a 50k eval account, what is my allocation? I'm allowed to lose 2,500, right? You'll see here that combined, I don't lose quite that much, right? I only lose about $2,000. And your goal of course is what? $3,000. 

That's your goal, right? Call that your up goal. And this is your down goal, your drawdown, right? Your DD, your drawdown. Okay. 

So the cool part is we are using a lot less risk, but it keeps you going and keeps you in the trade and keeps you trading longer. And the cool part is this button right here, which shows an equity chart. Okay. 

So what this means is there's a first bot, there's a second bot and the blue is the combined. What happens when I merge them two together? What happens? So what you'll see is sometimes you lose and sometimes you win, but the combined version of each, you'll see this drawdown right here, this starts losing when this one starts winning. Now, remember we always have at least a 1.2, sometimes 2R. 

So we're risking for every $1 of risk, we have a $2 gain, right? So we'll say every $1 minus one, we have a plus two, right? And that's like a one to two ratio. So even though we might lose a dollar here and this one we're gaining, right? So you'll see during that same timeframe, it's still, even though one's losing, the other one's gaining, it's still kind of holding flat or just gaining a little bit. You guys see that? The other cool part of this free tool, again, this is the free version. 

I don't have the paid version, is this stagnation marker, right? Which basically means what is the maximum period of time where we kind of just went sideways? This is the most, just historically, I don't know if you guys can see that, but it just says 84 days. So there's 84 days where it just kind of went sideways, right? The question is, do you have the patience to kind of sit through some wins, some losses, some wins, some losses, and then it finally makes a new high in the account balance. And that's essentially what that is, right? You'll see there are some dips here and here, right, where it dips, but this is the biggest and longest kind of period where it's considered just the stagnation.

So this, again, I'm just taking two examples, combining them into one. You can do as many as you want. Obviously, you have to give some credence or give some consideration, I should say, to how much risk you're trying to, what size account you're using and what your goals are for your drawdown and your goal to hit an evaluation account, right? So in this example, you'll see that this made a little bit more than $3,000, which was your initial goal, right? So you kind of passed that, I guess, in the first couple of months here, right? And you'll see that even it does continue to grow. 

The first couple, I guess, four months were really pretty killer, killer results. And then you'll see you'll have some where you have a losing months in a row, and then you have a huge winning month, right? So there's all shapes and sizes, all different extremes with this. A lot of people assume I got to make X amount exactly per month, and I wish it was that simple, but there's usually all these extremes that are involved.

So, yeah. Now, finally, the other thing you can do is there's different formats for this report. If you guys are used to like, this is like an old school QuickBooks, you guys see how it's like old, all trades, long trades, and short trades is like the old QuickBooks format. 

If you guys ever used the budget versus actual reports in QuickBooks years and years ago, this is what it reminds me of, this format. And so there's a couple of different ways to look at this, whether you're looking at some of the, each of these bots individually or combined, what the drawdowns are. The cool part is what you'll notice is this right here by itself has 20. 

Can you guys see that? I feel like it's kind of smooth, but this by itself has 2,800, a drawdown, but how do you improve that? Well, you add something else that tends to win. Again, we're using different assets, right? So we're using MCL and MNQ, two different assets. So they'll never be long and short in the same account because they're two different assets, two different symbols, two different tickers, right? And then you have drawdowns and number of trades, all that kind of combined. 

So this has a 14.7% drawdown, but when you add where it wins, something else loses and vice versa, you'll see that the overall drawdown is fairly small overall, which is pretty cool, right? If you were to run this by itself, you might be frustrated if this blows up an account where you're only allowed to lose 2,500 and this hits 2,800, right? And as you know, once you hit that, you got to kind of start all over with your eval account, right? So yeah, questions about this? And you can't look at all your long and all your short trades are both, there's all kinds of stuff in here that you can look at. So yeah. Big question I had, you already kind of answered Matt. 

I was just kind of curious to know how many bots you could get in one portfolio. Yeah, there's no limit. Are you asking about like, in general or just with this tool? Well, just in general, just to, and I know.

Yeah, there's no limit, but obviously you're going to add to the returns and add to the drawdown, maybe positively, maybe negatively. Yeah. Yeah. 

It's kind of a weird question just because it's going to depend on your drawdown and all that stuff. So yeah. Yeah. 

And the, like the way that this is set up is, again, we're releasing this this week, so you guys will have access to this, but you're able to like look at, remember those numbers we were looking at and the templates we were looking at, I forget which one it was. But when I check some of these off, you'll see it looks at the, and it shows what I check here in this tab kind of feeds this tab, which is what we're looking at right now. And it shows the bots that I would have to enable and run the back test for to export if I wanted to combine these. 

But it'll show you your drawdown, your profit factor, your net profit, all those are here, the different instruments. So obviously, M and Q might conflict if they're running at the exact same time of day and day of the week. Those might conflict, where the rest of these are unique. 

MGC, MYM, MES, M2K. You guys see that? So that's the idea. That's kind of the way that this is going to work. 

And it does come with some instructions. If we were to go into the downloadable file, you'll have the instructions and how to kind of use the spreadsheet. So how to unzip it, how to use the spreadsheet. 

I just did kind of a quick walkthrough of how it works, but yeah. Questions? You guys excited? Pretty cool. I'm excited. 

It's going to be nice to, or interesting to see, putting several different accounts together with different portfolios, just to see how all that works. I'm excited. Yep. 

And I always recommend you guys don't edit the originals because in every month we're going to have slight new versions. So you're going to always want to kind of, don't edit the originals because we're going to overwrite, we're going to, you know, like number 31, let's call it bot 31. I forget the exact name. 

Let's go back and look at it real quick. What was it? Was it 31? It was in the volume bot, I believe. Let's see. 

There are some of those bots, Matt, running like through the night too. Some run in just, all of them run at least two days. That's the ideal. 

I just realized one of these is not, but that was the original intention was, and then some of them do run, they're done before the market technically opens. They're kind of pre-market only. So in this case, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, right. 

But in this case, like don't ever edit or alter the original. Cause when we make updates to this, we're going to, we're going to give you a new zip file and it's going to sit on top of this, but then your version with your, your custom time zone will be added. Right. 

And of course you can change the risk or changing the parameters you want. Just keep that in mind that don't edit the original because the new versions that we issue every month, the new zip files will have updates and it'll have additional, like it'll have another month added to the date timeframe. Right. 

So like down here, right. It would include whatever the newest latest and greatest is timeframe. So this is not even the right, I have too many strategy analyzers open, but yeah.

So for example, in this case, you'll see here, this is what I loaded was I named the CSV file, the name of the bot, just to keep it easy. So you'll see it's number 28 and number one combined. Right. 

And it wasn't really a three years, like three or eight months back test. And you can see the number of trades that each one of them took. So these numbers here that I've highlighted are available as, as a statistic on the individual back test.

So I have to go load those one more time. We're here. So when I rerun this and I go into the summary, you'll see what the original, and it runs pretty quick. 

You'll see some of the original, I didn't export this one, but this is that 920 trades. Right. And it's got some of the updated times for my CST and keep in mind, a hundred dollars of risk is the smallest unit, right? So you can go up. 

If you have a 300 K account and you want to risk 750 or 500 or whatever, you can certainly adjust this and adjust the lot size. And of course you're starting in time and close times for your own personal, but always keep the original, like try not to edit the original. Cause we're going to overwrite those on purpose. 

That makes sense. So that's kind of like the best practices, I guess you'd call it though. Yeah. 

Cool. Questions, thoughts. So yeah, this is good.

If you're struggling with your own optimization test, or if you're brand new, haven't had an account funded, you can use some of these settings. You can adjust them at your own risk, but just keep in mind if you go super aggressive on the risk, the drawdown would increase and your returns would increase, but keep in mind that that might push you over from an eval point of view, from winning to losing or starting all over. So just keep that in mind, right? So yeah. 

Let's see what other questions. Tim, Peter, Alonzo, David, what questions do you guys have? Yeah. Glad to have you, Amanda. 

Tim, questions. Peter. All good. 

This is going to be great. Yeah. Awesome.

I like it. Alonzo, how are we doing? I'm so far behind, man. I've been having some stuff go on. 

I kind of got some stuff cleared up, so I'm in a better position now, but I'm playing catch up. Okay. Yeah. 

No worries. Awesome. Matt, you said it's going to be Wednesday release or? Before the end of the week.

Okay. So it's really up to Tracy Ball. So you guys want to give her and ask her, I would release it now, but there's some reasons why we're trying to get some more templates for some of the other bots filled in. 

There's some we don't have any templates, so we're trying to fill those in a little bit more for you guys. So it's a little more well-rounded than it currently is. And where did you say? Oh, I probably missed it. 

Where will we find them? So we'll give you the zip file as soon as they're released. So it'd be a zip file with some instructions. You unzip them and then put them into your... We'll give you instructions on where to put them in your folder. 

And then they're available when you're running a back test under templates, click load, and you'll see all these... Where am I? I mean, I guess I'm asking, is it going to be where the other bots are? Well, this isn't the bot. This is a template for a bot, right? So all these would be loaded and accessible via how you would access a template now, which is just down here. So each bot has this template. 

So you click... Once you've installed them, import them into the right folder, you click load, and these are all predefined for you. You'll see the numbers here. And in case you guys are wondering, these are the ones that I've created myself, that they don't disappear at all when I import my own. 

Those stay there, but it's also these. These, in addition to all the other ones that I also have. So it's not like you're deleting your templates and using these instead. 

They kind of co-mingle in a single folder. But yeah, we'll give you guys a zip file link to download them as soon as Tracy gives us the okay. But we made it super easy, right? You just load the template. 

You don't even have to worry about all the settings, all the numbers. It's preloaded. And we did kind of run... Most of these have some brokerage commissions built in, so that you guys have an idea that the real... You'll see here some commissions are built in, right? Like a traditional evaluation account would. 

Even though it's paper trading, they still charge you a commission, which is kind of funny. So all those are built in, right? So it doesn't assume everything's free commission, because it's certainly not. So we got some of that stuff, some other stuff kind of baked in.

Cool. All right, folks. Well, that's what I have for you guys. 

We will see you guys. I'll be around on Thursday. If you guys have any specific back tests you want to look at, like manual back tests or any questions about this, hopefully we'll have zip files ready to go very, very soon.

I promise before the end of the week. Okay. Hey, Matt.

Yep. Were there some instructions on the strategy analyzer? Do we have to go to that website to get them? Or is it pretty easy? So there's a video that we've created, a standalone video on how to use it. But yeah, I can send you a video.

Inside of the community? Yeah. It's in the community. I'll send you a link to it, because it's somewhere in the list. 

So yeah. Okay. Cool.

All right. Thanks, man. Yeah. 

My pleasure. Cool. All right, folks. 

Have a great evening. Thanks so much for hanging out. Yep. 

Bye.