All right, well, this will be a, this will be a short class if there's not a lot of questions, so we'll, we'll open it up with some questions. And then I do have one thing that I want to just get in the recording because somebody else asked it that can't attend. So, how are you guys doing? Do you guys have any questions? Anything you want me to go over? I got one about the 10 AMA, but it's like, we can do that after our attendance.

Okay, well, we, we can do it now. Okay. Yeah. 

What's your question? Well, I, I really want to, cause I, I, I pretty much got the mega snap and the mega orb kind of down and I really want to start diving into 10 AMA and let me load it here. And basically when I'm doing my backlist, like every time I, you know, I'm optimizing it, it takes like four or five hours and I'm like, well, I must be trying to optimize something that's like recommended not to optimize probably like the 10 AMA that the fast AMA and the slow EMA, probably those. But my, my question to you is like, what's like the standard, what, what do you start off with first? Gotcha. 

Do you, do you want to share your screen? Yeah. Let me quickly just share a screen. Entire screen. 

There we go. All right. Awesome. 

Okay. So if you want to open up a strategy analyzer, yeah, there you go. Okay.

All right. So I always start by optimizing the musts. Right.

So to cut things down and the only time I'll ever optimize additional things is if, if I don't get the results or if I don't find results that I'm looking for. So right, right off the bat, I never optimize the day. Okay. 

You leave everything true. Yeah. I leave, unless I'm looking for something specific. 

So for example, if I have a strategy that I've already optimized, that's good for say Tuesday, Thursday, and I'm specifically looking for something to fill in the Monday, Wednesday, Friday gap, then I would just set the Monday, Wednesday, Friday to true and take the other two out. That's the, but otherwise I don't optimize it because it just slows things down. Right. 

So it's, if it's basically slowing or if it's better to eliminate some days because of percentage profitability, basically like the things you're looking for here, yeah. As long as it's meeting our requirements, you would keep those days active. And if they're there and there's a day or two, that's like really messing up what you're looking for, for the percentage profitable and net profit, you take those days out essentially.

My initial optimization will always have true here for all the days. And then it's through the back test that I will eliminate. Right. 

Those days. Yeah. Okay. 

Nice. I never optimize this one here, futures. It's either I'm trading futures or I'm not. 

So if I'm not trading futures, then this is set to false. If I'm trading futures, this is set to true. No answer. 

Well, I'm always trading MES, MNQ. Yeah. Okay. 

I never optimize risk. Right. So you just leave it at, so whatever your risk for that account is.

Yep. And this is the same for every bot. I never optimize my risk. 

Okay. Yeah. I never optimize lot size. 

Right. I just set it to max. And if I'm trading something like my own account, I'm not trading with a funded account, then I just set this to a high number and I leave it. 

Right. Optimize it. Because my risk is going to control my size. 

So I really don't care. The only reason we have it there is to prevent you from taking more contracts for the funded accounts. That's all. 

Right. Exactly. Yeah. 

Now, profit taker, sometimes I optimize this. I don't always optimize it. Sometimes I just set it to two or I just set it to 1.5 or I just set it to three and that's all I do. 

Right. I don't necessarily optimize it. So that's one of the ones that's not a gotta have. 

Right. It's one that you could do later. I kind of like the three. 

Okay. So just keep in mind that the higher the profit factor or say the profit taker, the higher the risk reward, the lower your percentage profitability is going to be. Right. 

Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. 

So you just have to make sure that you're prepared for the risk. That's fine. I got it good. 

Yeah. Okay. Stop loss padding. 

I never optimize this. I just set it at five. Generally, sometimes in high volatile markets, when I'm not finding any good results, I will change that to say 10. 

I see the padding. But that's in high volatile markets. Now, how do I know if I'm in high volatile markets? I set up my market profile or my market analyzer and there's a video inside of the Ninja Trader course in our community that's called the market analyzer. 

And in there, I show you how to set up an ATR, 256 days or 246 days, and then an ATR seven. Basically, what it does is it compares the average true range of the last 256 days. Yeah.

And the current average true range of the last seven days, seven days. So let's say, for example, the MNQ has an average range of 461 points over the last 256 days, but right now it's sitting at 260. Right. 

That means that the range is shrunk, right? It's lower volatility, lower volatility than average. And if this number gets above this, then I know that that I know that volatility is increasing. So that's going to reflect needing more room, I'm going to need possibly more, more space, right? I'm gonna have to reduce my, my timeframe, because I'm not going to be able to get the same position size, all of those types of things. 

So I've used that to determine my, my volatility. Oh, my gosh, I'm going to use that after this. I didn't know there was that thing.

Yeah. Okay. So if it's like lower than average, you just leave it five.

Yeah, if it's lower than average, but if I'm finding it really, if I'm getting a lot of whipped out trade, because the volatility is just really high, then I'll, I'll adjust that to 10. Right. So very nice. 

So I use that. That's but I don't optimize it. I just make that as a hard coded change, right? Like five or 10 kind of thing, whatever. 

I never optimize the candle after I just leave it at five. Right. I never optimize the entry tick, I just leave it at one. 

Right. That's it. Because these are designed as breakout strategies. 

I want to actually break out not just touch the top of the candle. Exactly. Yeah. 

Okay. So I leave that as one. Now, close trade, you don't optimize that. 

And I just leave my start time and my finish time where they are. I do not optimize for an entry candle offset for the 10 EMA. Oh, really? Because the 10 EMA, the only reason that this is useful is in the orb, because the orb is a fixed time. 

Yeah. So the 10 EMA starts looking for a trade at a specific time. Right. 

So all you're doing is changing when it's going to start looking for the trade. Right. Well, I would rather just hard code that, then optimize it. 

So I will do a test that starts at, so in my time, I'll do 8am. What's your time right now? Right now, it's 5pm where I am. Okay, so you're... Yeah, so 8am Eastern. 

8am Eastern, I'll usually run a test. So I'll start a time at 8am Eastern. Right. 

If I don't find anything that starts at 8am, like, I don't like the results at 8am, then I might change it to 8.30. All right. Then I might run one at nine o'clock, and then not one at 9.30. And then possibly one at 10 o'clock. Okay. 

I would rather hard code those if I don't find anything. Okay. So the only real reason to do this is if you're getting a lot of trades that start here and you immediately lose. 

Right, yeah. But you can figure that out by running a test. Can you pull up a back test? Yeah. 

And we'll run back to the optimization. Like an actual back test? Yep. Just pull up any one. 

We'll just quickly take a look at some results. So you're gonna have to run that. No, you need to ticker in there.

So let's say you've run that from, what is that, nine o'clock or 9.30? 9.30? 9.30. Yeah. So I'm in Toronto, so I think I'm Eastern time. Yep. 

Yep. Okay. You sure are. 

I forgot you're Canadian. Yeah, I'm Canadian-y. Ghost to ghost. 

I'm right here. You're from Canada too, right, Tracy? Vancouver, yep. Okay. 

Yeah. That's very far. Like the time zone is a big difference.

Oh, yeah. That's the difference of, you know, New York and California. Yeah. 

Yeah. I'm from CA too. Where are you from, Joseph? No, this is Alonzo. 

Oh, Alonzo. Sorry. Where are you from, Alonzo? California. 

Oh, there you go. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. 

I went to Vancouver last year. Did you? I told you that, yeah. Are you back here now? Yeah. 

No, no. I went for a workshop last year, which was really good. Yeah. 

Right. Yeah. I forgot about that. 

Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah.

Nice. Yeah. The time zone is very, very different. 

I'm up at 4 a.m. So like- At 4? So that's like three hours, right? It's three hours? Markets open at 6.30. So- Wow. Dang. My market's open at 9.30, so I sleep in all the time.

Well, and I teach some of the manual trading classes at 6 a.m. So that's 30 minutes before the market opens, but yeah. That's some dedication. I would get up at 6.30 if I had to, but- It's nice because I'm done by 9. You're right, actually. 

Yeah. Yeah, you are. I have the whole day left, but all right. 

Well, this MNQ takes a while to do this. Let's just give it a second here and we'll- Yeah. I should have changed to minute instead of tick.

Yeah. It's okay. It's not a big deal. 

So basically what I'm trying to get- Here we go. Okay. So now what I want you to do is I want you to- Oh, you stopped it. 

Okay. Gotcha. No, no, no. 

It's still running. I just made another tab. Okay. 

Gotcha. Because this is going to be way faster. Oh, sorry. 

It's going to be way faster. Okay, let's go. Okay. 

So now what I want you to do is go up from summary. I want you to change that to analysis. And then if you go to where it says daily period, go to day of the week.

Then once you do day of the week, now you can go back up to day of the week where it says day of the week and change it to half hour. Okay. So now over on the right-hand side, you're going to see exit time.

Yeah. Where it says time-based, you'll see exit time. And then if you click on that, you can also change that to entry time.

Okay. Oh, yeah. Exit time, entry time.

And entry time, right? So if you have a test like the 10 EMA strategy and you see that, okay, it starts at whatever time, and you see a lot of red happening right here, you can check to see, okay, is that exit time, entry time? Like what is it? And if you have a lot of exit time happening in this period, well then, you know what, just get rid of the 930 and start looking at 10. Right. Exactly.

Right. Now in this particular strategy, you can just stop it at 10 o'clock. You don't have to continue. 

Right. So basically, cut this 13 down to 10. Yeah. 

Essentially. So instead of optimizing the 10 EMA strategy, the entry candle offset, you just run your test from what's the start of where you want. So like I said, 8 a.m. Eastern, you can start there and go till the 3.30 Eastern, see what it looks like, go here, remove the days. 

Well, I'd do this first and see kind of what days or what timeframes don't work, adjust your time and then remove the days of the week that you don't want to move. Right, right. Or vice versa, right? Yeah.

Because that might even improve the day of the week for you. Right. Exactly. 

Because probably most of the days are bad because they're running after 11, after 12, after 1. Possibly, right? So that's just one way you can do this instead of optimizing it. So now, if you go back to the optimization page, okay, so don't opt because that takes a lot of time to change that. Now, the next thing is the use trailing. 

I never optimize that. I always trail. It uses an average, sorry, this one here uses the tick trail. 

I always trail. And so I don't optimize the trailing start. I start at zero.

So I do this. Oh, so you literally do this? I hardcoded zero, zero. Yep. 

So what that means is it's literally going to start trailing immediately. Immediately. Wow.

Now, it may trail, like, let's say that your stop is 50 ticks below your entry, and it may have a result because I do optimize the distance. It may be 100 tick distance. What that means is that the trail actually isn't going to start until you're 50 ticks in profit.

And then it'll drag it. So it's not going to move the stop any further away than where you currently are with your stop. But once it gets that 100 tick distance, then it'll start dragging your stop along with it. 

So I always start at zero. I optimize the trailing distance. Now, when I optimize the trailing distance, I do a distance of 50 up to 400. 

And I do an increment of 25. That's going to speed things up drastically. And sometimes I'll even do an increment of 50. 

Really? Okay, that would probably make it a little faster. Way better than doing one. Because if you did 50 to 400, you're doing 350 iterations times all the other iterations you're doing. 

So this way, you're only doing 20. So it's a huge huge difference, right? Okay, yeah. Next is the EMA period. 

I do not hard or I do not optimize this. I just I'd leave it set at it's a 10 EMA strategy. So leave it at 10. 

Yep, leave it at 10. Now if you ever want to play around with it and see if there's something at nine or 11, then what I would do is I would, I would just leave everything default and just optimize this to see if you find another EMA that you kind of like using. Right. 

I leave it at 10 EMA. That's what it's called anyway. Yep. 

Because there is what I like the I like the 100 EMA, you're not going to take as many trades. And I also like the 21 EMA. That's those are two other EMAs that I do like, but I don't optimize it, I would just hard code it if I wanted to, to try them out. 

Right, right. That's kind of like the mega scalper. I think the mega scalper has those EMAs.

It does, because I use them a lot. So the 100 EMA is the default is just a trend. Yeah, that makes sense. 

Yeah. So that's, that's pretty much it. So that would save a lot of time. 

Now, show volume, you would not optimize that it's either set to true or false. You don't need to optimize that. It's just a visual thing. 

Right? Okay. So yeah, okay. So no need to optimize that.

So that's going to slow things or speed things up. And I think that's about Oh, the then the minute value, or do you optimize that? I will. So if you set the said, yeah, optimize data series. 

So right here. Yeah, there you go. But I will optimize what makes sense. 

So I'll optimize the minute I will do say, for MNQ, how much risk are you using 250? Yeah, I would, it would be 250 would be my standard, I would try to find something for 250. Because most of my accounts are 50k accounts. And then I do have like a couple 300k accounts, but most of them are 50k.

Yeah, so I'll do generally on the on the MNQ, I would generally do like three minute to 15 minute for 250 risk. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. 

And then you can do an increment of one, but I'll sometimes do an increment to two or three, because I really don't, right, don't need it. I just want to speed things up. And yeah, that makes a lot of sense. 

Okay. And then I leave it at that. That's about it. 

And then you just change your look back period and your dates and everything else. But that should speed things up drastically for your optimization. All right. 

Oh, my gosh, this is so helpful. May 1st, May, June, April, be April 1st. And you'd probably I do it with high.

I take one. Yep. Really? You? Okay, because you're trailing is by tick. 

Yeah. So that makes sense. Yep. 

And I would also do the maximum. Yep. Change all that as well. 

Now the reason that I do the high tick one is because that's the most granular data. And if you've got a lot of you're going to get decent results if you don't have a lot of close candles. But if you have a lot of candles that look like this, so here's your let's just say this is a bear candle closing above the 10 EMA. 

So here's the 10 EMA. And you have a lot of candles that are engulfing this, the standard is never going to tell you whether or not the low got hit before the high. Yeah, that's right. 

You need to tick the tick data to tell you where everything is. So sometimes this will tell you that you got in and then you got out, but it could have easily just gotten it could have gone down first, then entered you into the trade, and you didn't actually get stopped out. Yeah. 

So that's why you do the high tick resolution, because you need to know that, but it's not going to be an issue. If you don't have a lot of candles that are like this, it's only going to be an issue on trades that are like, like that. So that makes sense. 

And that's why you can get some drastic differences with standards. So what you could do if you want to speed things up is you can run it on standard, see if you find a test, and then quickly run it on the high tick. But if the results are so drastically different, then I would just rerun the entire optimization with high tick resolution. 

Yeah, especially for this strategy, because it's trailing by ticks, I would just have it run one tick data. Yeah, that way I know I'm getting actual, like an actual, you know, cold. The trail is not going to adjust until the candle closes anyway. 

So that's not going to be that big of an issue for the for the trail. But it will make a difference on whether or not you get it's those, like I said, those close candles that hit both your stop and your target in the same candle, but you don't know which one was happened first. That's, that's the issue. 

Right. That makes a lot of sense. Now, because like, my profit factor, let's just say my profit factor, I hard coded to three, where is it? Your profit taker? Yeah, profit taker. 

Yeah, the profit taker, I hard hard coded to three. I saw in some other videos that you could optimize for max profitability, or net max net profit. What would you in this case that I chose like a higher target, like a three? I always use profit factor still. 

Oh, really? Okay. Yep. Yep. 

Because the profit factor basically is telling you for every dollar, this is what I can get for return. Now, one of the other things that I will always look at is this guy right here, which is the the ratio of average win to loss. So this number right here, I would like it to be as close to my profit taker as I can get. 

So if I have a three profit taker, then I would like to see as a number as close to three as I can get. If I've got if I've got like a 1.3 here, when I'm going for a three profit taker, that's not very good. That means either I'm getting trailed out a lot. 

And I'm not hitting a lot of my targets. Right? Right. So you'd want as close as possible to that. 

Three, if I'm higher than the three, what it means is that my trail is trailing my losses, and I'm hitting a lot of targets. So I'm not getting a lot of full our losses. Right. 

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Okay, so you'd still just leave it optimized on profit factor. Yep. 

Yep. Because that still tells you for every dollar that you're risking, what you're kind of what is your expected return? Right. Right. 

Okay, so I'm going to save this as like a template just so I can like revisit it later time. So you like you said you would start at eight, try to find something. Yep. 

If you can, if you if, if in the back test, it looks like a lot of losses start at eight. And the winds start like I don't like nine o'clock or whatever. You are you would probably just start optimizing 8839 930 until you start to see something that starts working. 

Like I said, I wouldn't even do that I would take the first test that I see and I would look at that. I would look at that half hour by day view. Yeah, and see what the results are and see if there's a time that it's showing is a better time to be trading.

And then I would just adjust it that way. Right. Cut the start time or cut the close time. 

Yeah. Nice entry in the close. Okay. 

Nice. So let me just save this. Perfect. 

Let me see. What? 40. Isn't that a huge difference? Right? That's crazy.

Now, if you did this for all the like, if you did a bot, a bot group, like a bucket test? Yeah. Now you're up to like 130 or whatever. Right? Yeah. 

Huge difference. But yeah, you still get really good results. Now you're optimizing the tick by 50. 

I think you could drop it to 25. If you want to just to get a little bit more. Yeah. 

But you don't have to. Right. Right. 

This is this is going to get you close. It's going to get you some decent results without having to wait for like time. Yeah. 

Oh my gosh, because when I was when I was optimizing, it was just I don't know why it was like, like 10,000, 20,000. Like, I must be doing something wrong here. Yeah. 

Optimizing the trail and everything. And 3R might be too too much. I tend to stick to like, I'll go for 3R when I'm manually trading, I can make those decisions and I can pick targets. 

Right. But for bot trading, I tend to keep my stuff below two. Right. 

So. So like 1.2 to like 2.5 kind of thing. I'm usually 1.5 or two. 

It's one of the two. So I code it usually. Yeah. 

Yeah. Sometimes I'll go for more. There's times where I've gone for three, but I tend to like the consistency better with the two 1.5 and the two. 

Right. Yeah. Not sure if you're seeing this. 

Oh, yeah. It's going fast. Yeah. 

Thought my computer could handle it, but. I think I was trapped. Oh, my gosh. 

Yeah. Like two minutes. Oh, my gosh, Tracy.

Piece of cake, right? Piece of freaking cake. All right. So now let's open up the first one.

Let me open it on a separate tab. Yep. And that says what? 3722. 

Yeah. Just open it up in a separate. That works, too. 

I'll go to now go to your analysis page and let's go to the day of the week. Day of the week. Yeah. 

OK. Right off the bat, you see that that, you know, Wednesday, Friday are kind of the best. But let's before we change anything, let's now jump up to the half hour per day. 

How can I hide this from day of the week? Change it to half hour per day. OK, so day of the week to half hour hour, half hour per day or half hour of the day, half hour per day or half hour of day. OK, the second that's the hour of day. 

So go to the one above it. Yeah. Half hour. 

OK, so now right now you're on exit time, so let's change it to entry time for a second and see. It's kind of a mixed bag, but go back to exit for a second. So right off the bat, we know that we can just eliminate the eight o'clock so we can change this to 830 as a start time. 

Right off the bat. So let's just change that and run it again. 830 and then run it. 

Yeah. So that changed quite a bit, actually. So let's go back. 

That's exit time. Go back to entry time now. Yeah. 

OK. So in this particular case, again, I would almost now we can roll it up to 930. Yeah. 

930. Yeah. Yeah. 

I'm saying. But you can see how it's going to narrow down the window because the drawdown is pretty high on this. This was yeah. 

Seven hundred dollars in drawdown. OK, so now that's your entry time and your exit. Go to your exit time now and see how that plays out. 

So exit time at. Well, there's a lot of a lot of them are holding till the end, but you'd still have some losses that are taking place, but that could be the let's go back to the day of the week. OK, so let's remove Monday, Tuesday. 

So Monday, Tuesday weren't working very well beforehand, and they got even worse once we changed the time frame. So those were the ones that were actually creating the winners in the in the earlier times. Right. 

So now change from day of the week back to the day, half hour of the day. And we'll see if. So that's a little bit better of a distribution, there's not much you're going to be able to do because that's your exit time. 

Let's do entry time. Yeah. So there's not much you're going to be able to. 

I mean, you can try adjusting the start time to 11, but I have a feeling a lot of the trades that you're getting at the end are also going to be starting at 930. Right. Because the exit time. 

Well, a lot of the exit times around here are doing well. Right. And those are probably coming from the beginning of the session.

The beginning of the session. Right. Yeah. 

So let's take let's take a look at the the analysis of the summary page again and see we brought the drawdown by half. Right. Yeah. 

And we increased the net profit by $100, but the drawdown got removed. But still, the profit profit factor is not high enough. Right. 

So you'd want to go to point. Right. Yeah. 

So and here. So if you go back to that summary page for a second, right here, you see that 2.39. Summary page. Yeah. 

Yeah. This one. Yeah, exactly. 

Right. And it's that means that we're not actually hitting the target a lot. I see. 

I see. Yeah. So that's why you.

Yeah, I'd run the optimization for a smaller, a smaller target. That makes sense because 3 is a little high. Yeah. 

There's this I think Matt. I saw him one time put like a really high, like really high like return. I think it was like five or six, something like that. 

And then he changed the optimize on for max profitability, max profitable or so basically all the tests would give you like the highest R and the most percentage, most profitable percent winning ratio basically. And you could definitely do that. That's another option, right? If you don't find anything, because these all have really poor risk, like the performance, the R's are not, not very good. 

The profit factor is not very good. Yeah. Most of them are like one basically. 

So again, go to go to the day of the analysis or open it up and then you'd want to go and just do that whole process again. So go to the day of the and I'd probably just eliminate the days this time first and then try and optimize the time. Yeah, this is only a good on a Monday. 

So I would just take, take all of the days off and just use it for a Monday and then run it again. So that's entry time. Okay. 

And then go to your, go to your exit time again. Yeah. It's just not a, not a very good result period. 

Yeah. Yeah. That makes a lot of sense. 

But some tinkering around, because I'm assuming at this point you would probably change some fundamental aspects of the actual. Well, you also need to remember that the, the 10 EMA strategy is a trending strategy. Right. 

What kind of market have we been in, in the last? I mean, it's, it's not really trending. It's a lot of consolidation. A lot of, yeah. 

And this, this isn't going to work in an, in a choppy market. So you're not going to get good results in a choppy market. So in this particular case to recognizing that you may want to even try and optimize for a much smaller timeframe. 

So you might want to go to say a second chart or a, or the one to three minute chart and just optimize that. So instead of like a three to 15, you'd start like one. Yeah. 

One minute to a three minute, and then you can optimize that. So those are just little ways that you can change things up or, or try things. So when you think about what kind of market you're in, the problem with that is that we could all of a sudden be in a trending market and, and now, you know, it's not super great. 

So what I'd almost encourage you to do is, you know, if you wanted to look at the charts and you say, okay, when were we in a trending market and kind of see some, some back tests that work really good during a trending market, and then see some back tests that work really good in a consolidated market. And you can always hold those tests and mark them as consolidated markets or mark them as a trending markets. And you can always revisit those and new trending markets or new consolidated markets and put those settings back in and see if they're working again. 

There's nothing wrong with doing that either, right? Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Like right now, I think the snapback is well, my snapback has been doing really good, you know, out of the box, because it's just that kind of market right now, you know? Yeah. So when, so when you look at the three months, that's what you determine. 

That's what you look at to determine what kind of market we're in the last 90 days. If it's trending the last 90 days, then it's probably going to work. Chances are the next, you know, 30 days. 

If we're in a trending market, yeah. Right. So if we're in it, but if we're in a consolidating market, and we never know, because at any time we can move outside of those parameters. 

But if you understand market structure, if you understand, you know, what a trending market looks like, if it's making higher highs and higher lows, or is it like if the last three months are all inside candles, we're not trending. Right. Right. 

So yeah, like, yeah, like, it looks like we have like, when we came down here in April, like, well, the the back this is basically from April, May, June, right here, right, right. So we were consolidating with high volatility, we moved into public participation, then we had massive consolidation, little bit of move, and then consolidation again. Yeah. 

So basically, like, it's been consolidating for two months now to almost three months now, China. And that's very different than doing this. If you go to another time, like, go further back in the chart. 

Like, right, right here. Like, that's a that's pretty much a trend, right? Yeah, you see, this area is very trendy. Yeah, yeah. 

This would have worked really well for the orb. Yes, and also the 10 EMA would have worked probably on bigger timeframes with here, because it can hold longer. Because remember, the 10 EMA, it's still a moving average strategy.

Those are always going to be lagging. Right. And yeah. 

So again, identifying kind of what you're testing over, and then you might want to look at smaller timeframes for that, too. So yeah, little tips to try if you want to keep keep playing around with it. Yeah, that makes sense.

I mean, I guess for now, I mean, it looks like I don't know, this this is this is, this is why you can't say, Oh, we're about to start trending, you know, you get in trouble for trying to tell people, Oh, we're gonna start trending right now, you know, put your buys in. Yeah, no, we just hit all time highs. Who knows what we're gonna do? Yeah, I know. 

Right. I was tripping. I was like, wait, are we an all time high right now? Yep. 

Yeah, you betcha. Awesome. Well, thank you. 

Thank you, Tracy. You Oh, it's my pleasure. Yeah, you nailed this one for me. 

Good. That's what I'm here for. Does anyone else have any questions? Okay. 

If nobody else has any questions, and I just want to go over one little thing to catch it in the video. So I'm just going to share my screen. Right. 

So I get a lot of people asking me about, I've installed the bot, it's not showing that the bots installed. What's the deal? And what's happening is this. So if we pull up a strategy analyzer, actually, it's not the strategy analyzer, they're probably seeing it if let's just go into here and put in a strategy. 

So if we grab the strategy, and let's go with just mega orb here, what happens is right over here, they say I installed the latest version, but it's showing a prior version. And so they think they don't have it installed. Well, this right here is controlled by this right here. 

Oops, this label. Now I can go and change that label. So if I was to do version 1.1, and hit apply, you can see this now says 1.1. So what happens is, let's say that you set up some a template, and you went template and you went, let's say, whoops, not load, let's go template and save. 

And I save this as a default, for example. So now you go and you uninstall the bot and you install the new one, it's going to automatically load the template is 1.1, even though you have 2.0 installed. So all you have to do with that particular case, just go into here, change this back to the current version. 

So you would go 2.0, hit apply, go back into your template, save and save as your default if you wanted to do that, or just remove your default file altogether. And you can do that by going into the template, go into the save here, but where it says default, just right click and click Remove. And you can just remove it all together. 

And then it'll show the current version. The other thing is to make sure that you do have the correct version, what you're going to do is right over here is you're going to you're going to go to tools and then you're going to go to remove NinjaScript assembly. And when you do that, the correct version that you do have installed is listed in here. 

So if I have 2.2, it's listed right there. And you notice mine said 2.0, even though I have 2.2 listed, and that's because of my default. So if I now go back into, let's just close this, go back into my strategy analyzer. 

And let's go here. And if I pull up my mega orb, which says 2.2, but when I pull it up, oh, sorry, I did that wrong again, go into the bots. So strategies right here. 

And if I pull up 2.2, it's saying 2.0. That's because of my default. So if I go into template, again, save, and I just remove this default. Yes. 

Okay. And then I'm going to hit cancel. So I've removed that. 

I'm going to hit cancel. I go back into here. If I go to install that, now it says 2.2. So if I just remove that, see how it says 2.2, because I removed the default. 

So if you're one of the individuals that's having this issue, and I know there's at least one, because that's why I'm mentioning this right now. And I know you're not on this call right now. But that's what you would need to do to fix it.

So as long as you go into your tools, remove NinjaScript assembly, and you see that the proper version is installed, then the next thing you'll do is go to template, go into the save, and just remove the default that you had. And then you can install or you can load it again. And you'll see that it's the correct version. 

Okay. And it's controlled right here. All right. 

Any questions regarding that? You guys all good? All good. All right. Perfect. 

Okay. Well, we're past time. So I'm going to let everybody go. 

I appreciate you guys's time, questions, and you guys have a good one. Thanks, Tracy. All right. 

Have a beautiful night. Bye-bye. Bye.