All right, so, um, small group today and that's fine. No big deal. Um, I'm going to cover some questions 1st and then I've got 1 thing that I wanted to show you guys and, uh, then we can call it a day. 

So, um. Michael, do you have any questions? No, I didn't have any. Okay, and I wasn't sure if you would or not, since we met earlier today. 

Um, Alonzo, how about you? You have any questions, you know, I feel so bad and I probably shouldn't be honest because it's being recorded, but I'm so far behind. Um, I got a ton of questions, but you would probably slap me for asking them. So I'm gonna just say no.

Well, no, I mean, it's good. You can ask a couple if I think that they, they should be, you should get in the recordings, then I'll let, you know that. Right. 

But. You can go ahead and ask, and there's no stupid questions. You don't need to feel bad. 

This is a, this is a safe area. That's the whole point. So can I, can I ask you 1 question? What's 1 of the reasons that you're falling behind? Uh, well, I mean, I was probably behind from the beginning and then I probably had some, um, some family and some health issues that just really threw me off. 

So I'm still playing, still playing catch up. So, have you gone through all the recordings yet? Or is that where you're held up? Oh, all of the recordings. No, no, absolutely not. 

That'll probably take some, some years from what I see. Okay. I mean, the course recordings. 

There's only about 5 hours worth of content there. Yeah, I did, but, um. I think I need to go back through it because it seems like I don't remember and that's part of the problem. 

Now, I think health issues, I'm starting to forget stuff now. So, um. By age, the numbers are not bad, but that's not what I'm feeling. 

So, yeah. Okay. Well, if there's anything that we can do to help you get back on track, just let us know.

That's definitely we're here for that. So that's why we have these calls. So feel free to.

To to step forward, so I think the biggest thing that I would ask is. Um, can we make the day 3035 hours? I mean, which I know you guys can't do, but that's what I need Tracy to be honest with you. I get it. 

And I would absolutely love that if we could. So make my life a lot easier to that 35 that additional hours does not mean that school is going to be open does not mean that the market is going to be open. That's just our time. 

We call it rest. We call it rest and rest and miscellaneous. So, no world government, you can't put anything else in there. 

I totally get it. I get it. So I'm trying to figure out how I can get up at 4 in the morning right now and still maintain what I'm doing as well. 

So it's. Well, I know I know a trader that gets up at 145 and trades the Asian session, and it's been doing it for years. And I'm like, man, I wish I could do that. 

Now. I'm normally up pretty late, but to get up and trade and do it all day. It's like, wow. 

I wish I could do that. Yeah, I don't want to get up that early. I just wanted I do want to get up at at 4 am because I want to catch that pre market a little bit earlier.

Yeah, because I'm on the West Coast and the market opens at 630 in the morning. Oh, wait. I thought you were so you don't live in Canada. 

I do. I live in Vancouver. Oh, and you guys are on the Pacific time. 

Yeah, you bet. Oh, oh, yeah. That's tough, man. 

You guys are troopers. Wow. It's all I have friends that are West Coast as well. 

And it's like, oh, my God, you're getting up at 5 o'clock. Oh, yeah, it's tough. Yeah, it's it's all good. 

But at least I can be done trading by nine and nine in the morning. Usually. So yeah, yeah. 

Yeah, no, it's all good. All right. So we got Jason in the house. 

We got spit Lana here. Welcome, guys. Jason, do you have any questions that you'd like to go over? I don't at this time.

Okay, how is your bot trading going right now? It's going pretty good, actually. Yeah, you know, all my accounts are, for the most part, I got one account that's like 51,800. You know, they're all most of them are about 50. 

Nice. So so it's a good thing, you know, so slow progression, but I think I found a good rhythm. Nice. 

Absolutely. That's awesome. Now, how are you doing? I think I should. 

I don't know, take a break from bot trading. Because I just can't fight with technology. Like I keep disconnecting. 

And last week, it entered a trade. And I don't know if the ninja trader froze or something. And it blew my funded account.

Like my PA account. Yeah, it just it didn't put a stop loss in place. And it just like lost 1300 and one in one trade. 

And I just I can't keep fighting through it. Like I've tried everything I did the account protection. Like sometimes I can see it all green. 

And it's like ticking the bar timer is ticking. And it's still like I can hear a connection lost. And then I was like, wait, but it's still looks like it's green. 

And it's connected and everything. But it doesn't take trades like when it's supposed to like I just, I just can't keep fighting through it. Like I don't know what to do.

Okay, so even I'm giving out, right, even with protection one. Okay, I don't get that. Because the protection I don't get that either. 

And I just I just can't keep fighting it. I don't know what it is. All right. 

Just frustrating me more than anything else. I don't know. I wanted to run it. 

Are you running it from your your own personal laptop? Are you using one of the VPS through? Yep. Through trade or VPS recommended by Ninja Trader. So and I reached out to them. 

I reached out to Ninja Trader. Like it just seems like I just can't keep fighting it. The technology is just not working. 

I don't know if it's just because I'm in Utah or what. I don't know what it is. It just so there's a there's a couple things. 

One is so I delete hash, I do updates, nothing helps. So I was suggesting that I'll try that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't want to do that. 

So I had found that when I used tried to use rhythmic accounts through does it leave you low? And apex accounts? I don't know. For some reason, that's a disaster when you mix it to but, but, but I use chart VPS. I use trade of eight exclusively through apex. 

I rarely have problems. Now that's what I use. And is your is your Do you have the your server connected to I think it's Chicago? It's supposed to be close to Yes. 

Yeah. Wow, I've tried everything. And you've you've, you know, been on the phone or chatted with the tech support guys and stuff like that. 

Yeah, sure. VPS and still this, this has been an ongoing problem for Atlanta for a long time. And I don't understand how, how even the protection isn't working, because the protection, that's exactly the way that it's designed is to get you out of a position immediately if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, if you have a problem, you know, you have no protection on there. 

So no way to get out. But you're saying that's not that's not even working. So I blew through my PA last week. 

Yeah, I don't understand that. So fair enough. You're you're so what would you like to do? Do you because you're in the credit spread program? So do you want to just focus on the options? Okay, I think so. 

Yeah. Because I don't know what else I like. I've really given it so long, like it's been over a year.

And I don't know. Okay, that's fine. It's fresh. 

So do you want me to move you right out of the bot program? Just move you straight into the options program? So I can maybe just focus on that. Because I just, like, I really wanted it to work. I was so excited that, you know, things were working, and then it just keeps happening. 

And I just get frustrated. And it's not worth my stress. Yeah, I get it. 

Totally get it. So yeah, no problem. I can take care of that today. 

Yep. All right. Okay. 

All right. So are there any other questions? Because I do have some other things that I would go over. But I'm open to questions if you guys want. 

It's a small group today. So we'll, we'll be pretty much on time. If you guys are ready to take a look at this, I built another spreadsheet, because I am just, just call me the queen of spreadsheets. 

Queen of spreadsheets. Yep, I absolutely love spreadsheets. They're my favorite thing on the planet. 

Me too. So I built this guy right here. So this particular spreadsheet right here, what this simulates is basically your funding goal. 

So let's say that you want to fund a 25k account in one month, then this thing here is going to give you the risk per day, the maximum risk per day. And this is an optimized risk per day. Now what that means is that based on the profitability that this has, this would be a minimum profitability that you would need to maintain for a month. 

If you maintain that profitability using this risk, you will reach, you will gain profitability. And what happens here is this includes, for example, if this was a 50% profitability, and you had one month in July, there's 22 trading days in July, which means you could potentially have 11 consecutive losses. And even with those 11 consecutive losses with a 50% profitability for the entire month, you still would not hit the drawdown. 

It would come within minutes, like just tiny bits, but it would not hit that drawdown. So that's what this is simulating. So basically, if you wanted to do like a two hour target in a month, you would need to maintain a 50% profitability with 136.36 max risk per day. 

And if you're taking three trades per day, that means your max risk per trade is 45.45. Now, if you wanted to only take one trade per day, then it's 136.36. Now, the reason I'm showing this to you is because I wanted you to, to get a feel for, you know, the kind of profitability required, the kind of risk that you might be putting on your, on your bots right now, and how it might be a little bit more aggressive than it needs to be or should be. So do you have any questions so far about this? Make sense? Yes, no? Yeah, no, looks good. If we do 1.2, you can get away with a minimum of 63.64% profitability using 187.5 risk per trade. 

Now I know a lot of us are doing $250 risk, things like that. And that just means that if you are maintaining the 63.64 or higher, you could potentially hit that profit faster, but you're also likely to hit the drawdown as well. So this can kind of give you an idea of what you should be doing. 

If you're doing a 50k account, you can see that your max risk per day at a 1.2 with 63.64% maintained is $312 without hitting your drawdown. That's, that's the power of this. Hold on, Tracy. 

I guess I'm confused about you're going to fund it in one day. I don't, I don't understand that. This is one month.

Oh, okay. Is one month. I know I put days. 

Let me just get rid of that. There we go. If you want to select days, you can select days and this, this is not possible. 

But if you did 22 days, you'll get the same results because there's 22 days in July that are trading days. So I've actually got the holidays listed and everything like that. So it, it pulls out.

So if I was to change this to August and change this back to one, and then do months, it knows exactly how many days there are in a month. And it calculates that, that risk. So it's just a, it's just a tool and I'm more than welcome to share it with you guys, but it's just a tool to kind of give you an idea of the kind of risk that you should be doing. 

So if you set a goal in mind, you know, and, and this is not the, the percent profitability that you're looking for, for your strategy, this is the profitability that you actually have to maintain in your account. So if you were to, if you were to get some strategies going, as long as you're actually winning more than, you're getting a 63.64% win rate from the strategies that you are choosing in real time, then you will reach a successful outcome by the end of the month, barring any complications, of course. That's the, the deal. 

So like I said, you can sit here and you can play with it and go, okay, well, if I'm going for a 2R target, I need to maintain at least 54.55% profitability in my account and using a 250 risk, that's the max I should be using. Okay. Any questions? Does everyone understand what this means or how you can interpret that? Yeah. 

But I guess, how do you correlate that back to... What's that? How do you correlate it back to, let's say, finding the right strategy, let's say? Well, you know that your strategies have to be higher than this percent for one, right? And, and you know that the kind of profit goal that you should be going for. So if you want to use a $250 risk, and you're going to try to go for a 2R target, then, you know, you need to be maintaining at least 54%. So if you're looking at your strategies every week, and let's just say it's 50%, let's say it's 50%, right? So each week, let's say that you're taking four trades in the week, you should have won two, at least during the week. 

That's kind of the goal that you're looking for. So you take that and you compare that also with the backtest of the results to see whether or not the backtest itself is performing. But as you work throughout the week, or each week, week after week, you should know how many max or what the, how you're proceeding, like your account, when you do go to the trade, what's it called the trade performance window, and you look at the performance over, over the current week, it'll tell you what your current profitability is of real trades. 

And so you want to make sure that you're maintaining at least this and if you are, then you can most likely you'll hit that that funded target. And obviously, the more information you have, the closer you're going to get. So second week, third week, etc, you're going to get closer and closer. 

But as you go away, that's kind of the as you start out, that's kind of the goal is just to create goals and proper expectations. And also to set the proper risk. That's really the big thing because I know a lot of people that are taking three trades a day, they're risking $250. 

You know, they're going for three R targets or two R targets. And they're wondering why they're blowing their account up. You know? Yeah. 

So this is this is basically I mean, if you're taking three trades per day, with a 50% profitability, you know, your risk per trade should only be $83. It shouldn't be 250 because you have a big chance of blowing the account. If you want to get funded in 30 days. 

Does that make sense? Yep. Yeah. It's really about setting proper expectations and just getting an idea of how risk reward works and profitability and how that all plays in and also setting your funding goals because we get free resets every month. 

So your goal can easily be let's try and fund this in a month. Now, if you want to take you know, let's say that you only want to take one trade a day, but you're only trading let's say three days a week, then you're better off not to do months. Let's just go with days and let's try and do funding in 30 actual days. 

So here's your funding in 30 days. So if you're only taking one trade a day, and you're only trading three days a week, it can take you 30 days to get funded using this risk. If you want to fund it in 20 days, you could use 250. 

Now, that may not be a month, it may be longer, right? Because it's 20 trading days. So if you're only trading one trade per day, you need 20 days of trades in order to reach your funding. But that sets the proper expectation for you so that you know, okay, well, I can expect to. 

Now, the other thing that you can do is by using this, you then have kind of an idea of where your goal should be after each week. So if your profit is $3,000 that you need to make in a 50k account, and you want to get it funded in 20 days, and let's say that you're trading three days of the week, let's let's go for it's easy math. So you want to you trade four days, that's five weeks before you get funded. 

So that means take that 3000 divided by five, and you should be at $600 of profit at the end of week one, 600 extra profit at the end of week two or close to it. Do you know what I mean? So, again, it's just a way to, to set goals, to decide whether or not you you're risking too much, what are the odds of it hitting your drawdown versus, versus the reward. And this is optimized to if, like I said, if you take a 50%, or if your account is actually 5050, by the end of it, you will not have hit that drawdown. 

Without hitting the target, you'll hit profit, it's inevitable. Now, I might be off slightly with the numbers because of the trailing drawdown. So if you keep hitting, you know, raising it up, and then rolling it over, you could be continually pushing it up. 

But that's based on your open equity, total equity. So that's, you know, you have to bring the entire equity up, and then pull back down, and then bring the entire equity up again. So keep raising that level before, before it actually shrinks it enough.

So it's not the same as, you know, here's the, here's the highest my equity has been in the account. And now I get into a trade and I lose, that's not going to draw your drive your your drawdown. It's only going to drive your drawdown if you go up above that pass this line and then roll over again. 

Yeah. Right. So I'm pretty darn close with the numbers, but it gives you like I said, pretty good advantage. 

So if you're taking a, you know, a two hour target, and you're actually looking for setups that are 64-65% profitability, or have a 64-65 profitability, you can still trade. And as long as you maintain 50-50 in the account, you'll still reach profitability, even if the strategy itself performs a little bit worse than what it said in its back test. So it can drop from 65, but it just cannot get below 50%. 

Yeah. Right. That's a good benchmark to have.

At least in my opinion, it is. Right. Yeah. 

Makes sense. Okay. So what I'll do is I'll share this with you guys. 

If you guys want to make a copy of it, you can keep it yourself. Let me just see. Typically, Tracy, are you running, and I may have asked this question in the past, but are you typically running one strategy for one account? Typically, yes. 

Typically. Yeah. And most of my strategy, like right now, the strategy I have, I have a few different strategies that are running right now. 

And the one that has the most trades is four times a week. That's it. Otherwise, the majority, I've got a couple that are running twice a week. 

I've got some that are running three times a week, and I've got one that's running four times a week. I have nothing that's running all every single day. Okay. 

So let me just see if I can edit this. Let's see here. And then how often are you, let's say, when you do your back tests and stuff over a three-month period, how often are you kind of having to tweak the settings, let's say, for that particular strategy? Sometimes I have to tweak them, like sometimes I have to make a change after a week.

Some of them, I haven't had to make a change in a couple months. Some of them, I have to change once a month. So it really varies. 

I have two bots currently that I've been running for, I don't know, six weeks, something like that. I've got another two that I just changed out again. They only lasted a week and they just didn't perform. 

And then I've got another two that I've been running since the beginning of June. So the other ones I was running in May. So let me ask you this question too. 

Is there any appetite to check and remove, let's say, you know, bots sometimes, you know, when you look at the analyzer and stuff, you can see, well, geez, the thing, I'm making it up, the thing loses all the time from 9.30 to 10, like as soon as the market opens. So it's got the heavy losses. Is there any appetite to like restrict timeframes and stuff? Restrict when it trades? Yeah, exactly. 

Hours of the day or half hours of the day. Well, you mean like once it starts looking and then it stops and then starts and then stops? Yeah. So, you know, let's say I'm making it up. 

Let's say an NR7 thing, right? And it may just doesn't, you don't know when it's going to trigger. So, but let's say based on when it triggers, it triggers a lot of times between 9.30 and 10 and it busts out. But between, I'm making it up 10 and 10.30, it's a big winner that time. 

So. So what I would recommend, and you can certainly do this, there's nothing wrong because I will shut my bots off. So this is a, I need to convert this. 

So let's say that I go from 8 a.m. Eastern, because I like to start a lot of my bots at 8 a.m. Eastern. And I'll run my first optimization until 15.30, right? Yeah. Now, when I do that, when I do that, one of the things that I check is always, let me just, let me show you, I'll demonstrate this.

Okay. Let's get this out of here. Let me open up my strategy analyzer. 

It's going to pull up a test. Let's see here. Okay. 

What is this on? I just got to run it before I load it or before I share my screen because my, for some reason, Zoom wants to always lock this up. So I'll just run it quickly and then I'll share the screen. Now, unfortunately that, it would be nice for it to stop looking for certain trades and not enter certain trades at certain times. 

I would love that if that would happen, but that's that we'd have to recode everything. And that's not in the, in the cards at the moment, maybe down the road. That would be ideal. 

Because one of the other things that I'd like to see happening, and we've been asked about it before is to, because right now when it stops looking, it also closes the trade. It'd be nice for it to stop looking, but keep the trades open that are currently open and just close those out when they actually close out. So either they hit target or they get trailed out or the end of the day, that would be a nice feature to have. 

And we may get that down the road. And that would couple in with what you're talking about where it stops trading during high, like bad time zones, right? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. 

Yeah. Yeah. Because I even have, I even have zones marked on my charts too, when, when I don't want to be trading and lunchtime is one of them. 

But that's for my manual trading. It would be nice for it to not, not do that. But what I do is I'll actually stop my, my, I changed my close time to something like 930 or which is 30 minutes into the lunch. 

That's 1230 Eastern or 1130 Eastern. I'll stop. I'll stop my trades from, from getting any more, or I'll keep them from looking for any trades in the afternoon, whatever it might be. 

So there's nothing wrong with changing your close time. But what I want to demonstrate here is you could also, okay, there we go. You could also do a split. 

So what you could do is, so here's a back test. If you go into the summary and you go to analysis, and then you go to day of the week, you can see the days of the week. But once you do that, you can go to half hour of the day and you can get an idea of when this thing isn't really performing. 

So you can see that the majority of the wins are right at 630. You might as well just shut it off at seven, but let's say that. Well, change your, change your exit time to. 

Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. Now this is Pacific time, so that would be 830 to 10. 

I'm sorry, 930 to 10. 930 to 10. Yeah. 

But let's say that this guy here was big and this guy was big, or better yet, this guy was small, this guy was small, this guy was big, and this guy was big, or some combination of that. There's nothing wrong with also setting up a thing that goes from 630 to seven, and then another one that goes from eight to nine, or eight to 830, whatever it might be, eight to nine. And running two different times, you can have the bot operating, just taking one trade during that time. 

But the risk to that is that there is potential that a lot of these trades may have been entered in during this time, and they just held throughout this entire period, and they closed during that time. And if they closed any time during this period, those tend to be things that you get stopped out really quickly, or losses, right? Does that, does that make sense? Yeah, but I would, like, if you go up to exit time up top, and switch it to, and enter time. Yeah, you can do that too. 

Then you would be, you would be precise on when you, when you should shut it off and stuff like that. There you go. Yeah. 

Right. So there. Yeah, so that's perfect. 

Right. So you want, you want 630 to seven, then you want 730 to eight, then you want 830, let's say to nine. Yeah, exactly. 

But again, it's still, there is a potential that some of these were entered here. Because just because you entered here, that doesn't necessarily mean that you closed, you exited here, right? No, but I think what it what entry time means is like, if it was entered at 630, let's say, and it profited at nine o'clock, it would still, I think, put it in the 630 bucket. Gotcha. 

Yeah, I hear you. Yeah, right. But my point is that if you, if you turn this off, though, at seven, it no longer can exit at nine, it's going to exit at seven. 

So that could affect the profit. Oh, yeah, yeah. Because the bot itself will exit upon. 

Yes. The timeframe that you designate. Yeah, yeah. 

Okay. Yeah. Like, that's why I wish it would, I wish we had the stop looking for a trade instead of the close time. 

I wish we had a close time. But we need to stop looking for a trade. Like start don't enter a trade after this time. 

Because then it can hold through all of this, this time, and just not enter into any new trades. Right. Right.

Hey, Tracy. Yeah, I can't remember now. But if that time base, if you change that to exit time, does that can you do that? Is that a selection? I can't remember.

It is. Yeah, that's what it was originally on. So and this particular one is fairly balanced. 

So we know that probably a lot of trades that are taken for this are in that 630 time and ending in that 630 time because the bulk of it's right there. And that justifies closing this out. But these were bigger, which is what we were talking about earlier, these were bigger than it's a it's a very different story. 

Right. So because like I said, some of those could have held but again, if you're looking, like I said, on the entry time, you could be entering here, but still exiting down here. And if you shut that off, then you can't exit and therefore it won't, it won't be profit. 

But in this particular example, this is fairly balanced. Like I said, you're getting almost the entry and exit all coming off the same, the same time. Then for you for this instance, how I don't see on this window, I know it's on the analysis window.

How long are your trades lasting? It was on the summary one? Yeah. 2.15 minutes. Oh, okay. 

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so yeah, this is that's, that's okay. 

Yeah. Yeah, pretty quick. Right. 

This is a one minute chart on MNQ. So totally makes sense that it would be really fast. Now this is an old test. 

This is March to June. So I just grabbed one because I'm not I'm not trading with the 10 EMA. So I don't know how this is performing now.

But I haven't been running the 10 EMA for a while. So, and this is a 2.5 profit taker, and it's only got a 46.79% profitability. Yet it still did quite well. 

Okay. So anyway, I think that was a great question, Jason. And this is this is what we could do with it. 

But that's, that's what I would say is just, you know, break it up. So I do a lot of my trades now, or a lot of my tests where I'm running from I'm actually closing at 730 Pacific, which is 1030 Eastern. I've got a lot that are that are closing at that time. 

So I've even got some that are just trading from five to six, 630. So they're shutting right at the open. So that's 8am to 930. 

So just catching some of the the morning, the morning movements that are happening. And then getting out of that opening volatility. So, but again, optimize it, but there's nothing wrong with changing and playing around with this, this close time. 

Okay. And then again, like I said, there's nothing wrong with either, you know, optimize for pre market, optimize for the morning session, optimize for the afternoon session, and then have three different buckets if you wanted to. Okay, so for sure. 

There's a million different ways to skin a cat, right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. All right. 

Okay. Okay. Well, if there's no questions, you guys, I can let you guys go.

That was a, we've gone a little bit over, but Matt will be with you next week. Of course, there's always an invitation this Thursday. If you guys want to bring any of your back tests, we can break them down, take a look at them, help you get unstuck, anything like that.

But yeah, you guys have yourself a wonderful week. Okay. All right. 

Okay. Thanks, guys. Take care.

Bye.