I do. Okay, let's start out by first, does anybody have any questions that they would like covered right off the bat? I do. Okay. 

So I'm using the trade protection. Okay. Just a separate module where I put the email address and stuff. 

Yep. It got it gave an error. It said, and I don't know, well, there were some disconnects and stuff like that. 

But then it said there was an error when sharing from the share service email, the calling thread must be STA because many UI components and then blah, blah, blah. I can't catch the rest of the error. I don't know if that error has ever come up to anybody before. 

No, but if it has to do with your share services, then what I would recommend you do is go through the process again and set up your share. So did you do that through the, did you go through the first process where you go through tools? Maybe I didn't do that. Okay. 

All right. I'll do that. Okay. 

So let me show you where that is. Cause that you do need to do that. So let me just go right here. 

So in the tools section right here, you go to settings and in the settings component, you go down to where it says share services. You have to set the share up. So you would select email, add it. 

And when you add it, then you can, let me just do a fresh one. You can then set up your email address. You can connect to servers, but if you do, instead of choosing manual, go and pick whichever one you have, because then it automatically sets up all the backend for you. 

And so let's say it's a Gmail account. You just click Gmail, put in your name and you'd sign in with your, with your Google account and you go through the whole process. Now, why do you have to do this? So the way Ninja trader works is it has an email from that you need to set up. 

This is the from part. So this is where it's sending the email from the account protection, where you put your email address in. That's the two. 

So you've got the, the, where's it being sent from? And then where's it being sent to? So this is the first part where you need to set up. Where's it being sent from? Because Ninja trader doesn't have its own email system that it's going to send from. You need to set it up so that it comes from somewhere. 

So this is where you can set it up. This is the from part. And then the account protection is the, where are you sending it to? Okay. 

And these may be the exact same email address you're sending from your email address to your email address and that works, but you need to set this part up first. Okay. Okay. 

Awesome. All right. Any other questions? Nobody else? Okay.

All right. So how many people here are using the portfolio trader? Yes. Okay. 

How many people have looked at it? Yeah. Everybody. Okay. 

So those of you that aren't using it, do you have any questions about it? That's, that's keeping you from using it right now? No. Okay. You just haven't taken the time to set it up yet? Right. 

Okay. Well, I, what I'm about to show you might speed things up for you. So we'll see. 

Okay. All right. So let me grab my, where is it? Right here. 

Okay. Let me grab this window and let me share this guy here. All right. 

So over the weekend, there was an update to the bot program. So if we go into the course section right here and we scroll down, we'll see module 11, which is the portfolio trading. If we click into it, we're going to see the instructions. 

Let's make sure, please follow these instructions. Please go through each step so you don't miss anything. Cause there are some things that you need to do, but the right here, the zip files, these have been updated. 

So they were updated as of the 13th of September, both the quant analyzer files and the portfolio package, which has all of the settings in them. So you can follow that instruction. I also added this Apex trader funding commission template. 

Now there's instructions right here on where to unzip that, but all of our settings that we've done have been run with commissions. So the results that you see inside of the spreadsheet are after commissions. Now that leads me to one thing that I would like to point out. 

When you upload these files into quant analyzer, quant analyzer sees what the commissions were, but it pulls it out and it puts it in a separate column. And the results that you see are pre commissions, not post commissions. Okay. 

So you need to keep that in mind. So if you see a drawdown, for example, that says 2,400, you may be thinking that that's going to be safe, but in reality, once you add commissions into that, it could be closer to 28 or 2,900. So I encourage you to give yourself a really big cushion in that, because when you've got a portfolio that's up at about 130, $140,000 over the last three years, there's usually about 35 to $40,000 in commissions that you can take in that and subtract from that total.

But anyway, all of them are done with the apex trader commission template. So I encourage you to download this and then unzip it, just follow it. You're going to unzip it to this location, put in your commissions. 

And then when you run the tests, it'll automatically load up with that commission template in place. Okay. Now, the other thing that I added, which we have not gone over ever at all, is right below module 11, there is now what's called a pre-built portfolio.

So if we click inside of this, what you're going to see is there's some pre-built portfolios that I've put together. Okay. Now it says this is good for a 25K plus, 25K plus, 25K plus. 

These are good for 50K plus. Can't use them for smaller accounts. And I've got the drawdown. 

Now this is post commission drawdown. So I've included the commissions in here. Now I'm the only one that's able to do this. 

That's why I've done this for you. Now, if we click into one of these, you're going to see, this is what the portfolio itself looks like. So that entire portfolio, this is over the last three and a half years. 

That's what the equity curve is with it all combined. Here's the days of the week performance. Okay. 

Now, if we click on those, you can see that, you know, Thursday's made 16,000 over the last three and a half years. Tuesday's made about 9, 8,500. Wednesday's made about 4,600. 

Friday's made about 9,800 or so. Okay. So you get to see the profile. 

I've put all of this in for you. Here's your weekly performance. Okay. 

Here's your monthly performance over the last three and a half years. This is your yearly current performance. And this is the quant analyzer equity curve that shows you the individual bots.

And then I've also thrown in the quant analyzer performance. Now, this is what I want to show you here. So on this portfolio, you notice that the total profit was 45,917. 

Again, and then here's the drawdown 1026. Now this does not take into consideration commissions, commissions, which is why I've incurred included this version. So the total goes to 38,000 is actually the total profit once you take into commissions. 

And then $1,271.70 is the drawdown. So this is all with commissions, there was $7,000 worth of commissions over the last three years on this. So I've included both so you can see them. 

You can match it up when you run the tests inside of quant analyzer. But I've also shown the post commission results down below for you. Now, the reason why this speeds things up is because right here, I tell you exactly what bots for 714 and 204. 

Those are the bots that make up this portfolio. Now, one other thing I would like to point out with all of these strategies, they are all done on historical information. Obviously, I have not been running these for the last three and a half years live. 

So I do not know how they are going to perform in a live scenario. We've done the hard work and finding the settings. But things like the lower time frame, like the one minute is an example. 

The price action, especially on MNQ can move very quickly. So in a real life scenario, there is a chance that you get a lot of missed trades, it just moves too fast, it doesn't get filled. And that's just the reality of it. 

And the smaller the time frame you have, the more likely those things are going to happen. The larger time frames are going to be way more accurate, way more consistent, because they just take there's more liquidity involved with the higher time frame. Okay, so I want you to be aware of that. 

If you take on one of these portfolios, and you find well, this, this one here is just not firing off, I don't like it, you can just try removing it altogether, go with with the three, or you can look for a portfolio that has bigger time frames. Okay, so that's just one thing I'd like to point out. So this, and then if you download this, this is got the it, this is just the quant analyzer report that has all the trades in it. 

So I've provided you everything that you need to kind of get you up and going. And if you want to go with something like this, you're more than welcome to so you don't have to use the spreadsheet, you can just say, Okay, I like that and, and go with it. And I still encourage everybody to try it out for a month, or a few weeks anyway, see how it's working inside of a SIM account, or at least on an assessment account, where if it blows up, you just wait for the reset, and you're not worried about blowing a funded account.

That's your due diligence that I encourage you to do. Okay. Now, the other thing that I want to point out while we're looking at this, this is a weekly view. 

How many people can see that there are weeks where this is red? Right? Okay, there's several weeks here, where this lost over the week. That's to be expected. Yet the performance of the portfolio over the last three, three and a half years has been been great. 

Okay. Now the performance over the portfolio averages $883.72 per month. That's the average. 

So if this maintains the average, you should get funded on a 25k account within within a month and a half. Okay, that's kind of the expectation of this particular portfolio. Now that's, of course, when everything's working, right, there's going to be ranges where it's not working great over a few months, and then other ranges where it's working really well. 

So it's, it's still hit or miss. But over the last three and a half years, it's been very consistent. Would you guys not all agree that this equity curve right here is pretty consistent? Yeah. 

Okay. Okay. So prior when we were doing like a three month optimization, and then what we were doing was going, okay, well, every week, we're going to check it. 

And then every month, we're going to re optimize. When you look at a weekly profile like this, and you can say, okay, well, there's going to be some bad weeks. So what do you do? What do you do? My opinion here? Yeah, my opinion here is, is first of all, you want to be checking to make sure that the bots are doing what they should be doing, I would still encourage you to run the historical and run and compare it to live to make sure that you're getting the same results or similar results.

And if you aren't, that's something that needs to be investigated. The second thing is, I wouldn't be too concerned about jumping the gun and say, well, I need to re optimize, I need to find another portfolio jumping from portfolio to portfolio. Because let's say that you decided, oh, well, here, I had two losing weeks, and I had a winner, then I had another two losing weeks, I'm going to stop, well, you just missed out on all of this.

Right, you just missed out on all of that. Let's say you get another losing week, well, you just missed out on that, then you miss out on this, then you miss out on that. And then you miss out on this, like it, you miss out on all the profit when you react to the downside. 

So I want to make sure that you're aware, you see this, this is three and a half years, this goes back to January of 2022. And we're now in 2025. Okay, the 27th week of 2025.

There are bad weeks, there are great weeks, way more great weeks than there are bad weeks, and the overall performance has been good. Okay. Now, let's take it next further, let's take a look at the monthly. 

Are there losing months? There are some losing months. Okay. Now, this is important to know, because you can see that we have many really good, consistent months. 

The nice thing about this portfolio is you don't have any, you don't have two months in a row that are bad for the most part. Okay, you've got fairly consistent results across the board. This is all about setting proper expectations.

Now, what I do want to show you right now is, I'm going to stop the share, I'm going to open up my strategy analyzer, if I can find it. Here we go. Okay. 

All right. So what I want to do is, let me just put this to 2022. I'm going to run this quickly, give me a second. 

Now, this isn't the portfolio, I'm just going to show you a back test here for a second. So this back test, you can see, it brings in, or it made $27,000 over the last three and a half years with a $4,500 drawdown. Okay. 

Now, what I want to show you is, when you go into analysis, and you go to, let's go to monthly, as an example, you can see all of the monthly losses. Okay. Now, that's in net, you're showing the net profit. 

So this month, that's what the net profit was, it was a negative net profit. Now, what I want you to be aware of, and this is something that you can take the time to do, I would love to be able to do this for all of the strategies to kind of give an idea of where the worst case scenario is. But, but I don't, I don't have the time to do that. 

This is time consuming. So I want to show you what you can do, though, if you like. So if you change this from net profit, you could do a max drawdown. 

Now, what I typically do, and I'm gonna have to change my screen, hang on a second, I'm gonna stop my share. And then I just share my actual monitor, well, portion of it anyway. Okay, so right here, we move that to here, what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make this like this, and then I'm going to duplicate this in a new window. 

Okay, so I'm gonna put this one down here, and make it a little bit smaller. And I'm going to go to analysis. And I'm going to do, let's, whoops, let's do monthly. 

And I want to do max or net profit. Okay. Now, the thing that I want to point out here is that what you can do, sorry, let me make this, move this up. 

Okay. What you can do is you can compare each month. So this month, this very first month had a drawdown of like $1,200 before it ended with a positive. 

Now, this is really important for you to realize, because during the month, you may be thinking, oh, this is terrible. This is terrible. It's been losing. 

But I mean, this month here was down $820.80. And it ended $3,659 in the green. Right. So that's an important thing to do. 

Now, one of the things that I've been trying to work on is trying to find where's the threshold, where I could actually just say, okay, if it if the bot, if the bot reaches this level, just stop trading it for the month, because it's not going to get any better. But the only way you can do that is to look at a level like let's say 1500. So if I was to draw a line across the 1500, and let me see if I can get a line here. 

So if I drew a line right across here, and let me see if I can make that kind of make that thicker. I can. Let's do that again. 

Okay, you guys can all see that line, right? Okay, so if I draw a line there, and then if I draw a line across the 1500 mark right here, right there, then what I want to do is I want to see if I was to stop as soon as we get to $1,500. Would I be negatively impacting my P&L? Or would I be positively impacting my P&L? So in this particular case, nothing would change for this month. Let me grab a pen. 

Where's my pen right here? Okay, so nothing would change for that month, that would be perfectly fine. This month, nothing would change because we didn't hit it. This month here, though, which is okay, so we got this guy and this guy, this one here, we'd end up trading a positive month end for a negative one, right? Because we would stop trading if it hit cross this line, which means that we wouldn't actually net out with the positive at the end of the month.

Okay, next month, nothing would happen. But actually, we would end up with a bigger loss because, again, the net profit at the end, or the max drawdown, sorry. This is the total net profit. 

Yeah. So then, which one am I looking at here? This is net profit. This is the max drawdown.

Sorry. Next one over. Yeah, let me read. 

Let me read. We do all this because I'm reading the wrong chart here. Hang on. 

Let's go back. Okay. So here's the the max drawdown. 

If this one crossed this level right here, then we would have locked in a loss here. This one here didn't cross, so we're good. Okay, good, good, good. 

This one here, we would have locked in right there, and we would have actually improved, right? We would have avoided this loss. You guys see that? This one would have been good. This one would have been good. 

This one here, we would have locked it, lost this profit, and we would have locked in a bigger loss, right? This, we would have ended up with a bigger loss. You guys see that? This one would have been fine. This one would have been fine. 

This one would have been fine. This one would have been good. This one here, again, we would have locked in a bigger loss. 

Okay, we wouldn't have got that win. This one here would have been exactly that. We would have saved a little bit because we would have knocked off this bit. 

This one would have been fine. This one, we would have saved ourselves this bit, right? If we locked it in. This guy would have been fine, and then again, we would have saved ourselves right here. 

We would have saved ourselves this amount right here. This would have been fine. This guy here, we would have probably broken even compared to the month.

Okay, this would have been fine. This would have been fine, and this guy here, we would have locked in a bigger loss, right? Because we would have locked in this part here as a loss. This guy would have been fine. 

This guy, again, would have been a bigger loss. We would have locked that in. This guy, we would have been another loser. 

This guy, another loser. Okay, here, good. Here, good.

Here, possibly, might have been good. This guy here, we would have saved ourselves all of that, but we would have locked this in. This would have been another one that wasn't very good.

Okay, good, good. Another one that's bad, because we would have locked all this in. This one here, again, bad, because we would have locked in the loss, not got the profit. 

Bad, again, bad, bad, bad, right? Good, but we would have locked in more of a loss. So the point that I'm trying to make is that 1,500 isn't the number, but maybe 2,000 is, maybe 2,500 is. This is something that you can look at if you really want to dive deep for all those nerds out there that are like me, that like the data. 

If you wanted to go in there and you want to try and say, okay, well, when should a portfolio stop trading? And this is really powerful for the portfolio part. So if I was to do a portfolio, let me just, let me demonstrate that instead. Let me just go. 

Okay, so the top one we have, how is the portfolio performing? This is the monthly performance of the portfolio. What's the worst particular month we had? Well, this one here, we had 1,093 loss, okay? So again, we could try and see if we can't get rid of some of these. And that was the worst drawdown that we had. 

So let's take a look at what the month ended up. That's 723, that's this guy here. So that ended up as a positive, okay, overall. 

So when I look at that, there's really no way that I can improve this because the biggest loser, the biggest drawdown that we had took away a winner. So at that particular point, there's nothing else. And we only had a few months that were losers on this portfolio. 

And the biggest loss was right here. So this one here had a total monthly loss of $581 and 17 cents or 19 cents. This one here had a loss of 473. 

So if we take a look at this guy here, 581, what was the actual drawdown for that month? So this was down 1,033.97 before the month ended, right? So just something that you can do, dive in, take a look at these, look at them a little bit further and try and you can improve things, you can get some benchmarks, things like that. So this is just an idea for you to do. I don't expect everybody to do it. 

Like I said, it's time consuming. But it's certainly an idea that can give you an idea of whether or not this, this portfolio is performing or whether it's not performing well. Does that make sense? Yeah, I didn't confuse everybody. 

Yeah, no, I get it. How did you get to the, the portfolio stuff, the portfolio analyzer there? You can't do this. I had to pay a ton of money for that. 

So this is something that only I have. I paid like 10 grand for that. Yeah. 

Okay. Yeah. So that's why I'm able to do that for you guys. 

But yeah, no, it's, that's something that's very, very expensive. Okay. So, yep. 

Yep. Okay. But you can do this with any kind of anything like the, and you can do that even in the quant analyzer because they have a, you were to take a look at the, let's see here, equity, not the equity chart, trade analysis. 

You can look at your monthly view. So if you did P and L by month, and then you could do draw down, maybe you can't do draw down by month. Let's see here. 

Wins and losses by month. That might be a comparison. Wins, losses, profit. 

Here we go by month. So that shows you the draw down that shows you the profit. I think I'd have to look into this. 

The only thing that I have, the problem that I have with, with the quant analyzer view, is that it, it takes three years of data, and it accumulates it into one month. So it's January of 2022, plus January of 2023, plus January of 2024, plus January of 2025. Rather than breaking it out for each year, and showing it consistently over the years, it does the same thing for days. 

It does all, it just can, it combines it all. So, but anyway, that's, that's, you can still look at each of the individual ones, and see kind of where the performance is, and you can look at it from a bot, bot point, each bot, you can analyze this. So if you have four bots in your portfolio, you can look at the monthly and see what the benchmarks are for each of the bots as well, and just make a decision whether or not you want to turn the bot off or turn it on, okay? But the whole point is to really look at these strategies, at these reports, and get a good set of expectations in place, because this is more of a long game, than it is a short game. 

And it's really important that you don't start changing things up, unless you have a valid reason, okay? I teach the same thing when I teach people manual trading. You don't want to start moving your stop, unless you have a valid reason. You need to have some specific thing, why it's not working anymore. 

If you don't, you're strictly operating out of emotion. So if you see a negative week, or you see a negative day, or you see a negative month, and you decide, I need to re-optimize, I need to go get something different, this isn't working, that's emotion. And you're making an emotional decision, not a good decision, okay? Even if it works out. 

Any decision that you make in trading that's emotionally based, is not a quality decision, okay? You have to have reasons why you make the changes, okay? So if we go back to here, all this stuff is in here, okay? So if we go to the next one, uh, where are we here? Pre-built portfolios. We can look at the next one. Here's the next guy.

I've got all, it's all built the same way. You can see the P&L. There's, this one's been working really good over the last two years. 

This is a nice one, okay? You can see that it's got losing weeks. You can see that it's got losing months, okay? Uh, 2025 performance. I guess that was, sorry, that was the daily. 

I was thinking it was the year end. Here's your equity curve, profit. And again, you can look to see what the performance is.

And again, this only has three bots in it, okay? Um, next one is, let's take a look at a 50k account, okay? So here's a 50k. Max drawdown on this was 2108. Here's your trades every day. 

Again, it still has losing weeks, still has a few losing months, but this has been on a good tear this last year. It hasn't had a losing month in, since May of 2024. It's been pretty profitable and it's, it's got a pretty steady yearly, okay? This one here has, um, four different bots. 

And I like this one better, um, from the 25k ones, because this has got like some bigger timeframes. That other one had the one minute in it. So, so these are here, they're there for you. 

I will probably put some more together for you guys later on, but I just wanted to get a few, uh, up and running so that you guys had some pre-builts that you can look at and take a peek at, analyze them. There's, uh, three of the 50k and I got four of the 25k. Um, and I mean, maybe you want to use one of the smaller ones if you want, if you've already got some drawdown on your 50k account or whatever that you can use to kind of bring it back up over that threshold so you have more drawdown available. 

Um, yeah. So anyway, uh, I'll open up any questions. Does anyone have any comments or questions or, or thoughts or suggestions about things that we can do to make this better or all that? Oh yeah, I have a question. 

Okay. Uh, do you recommend, uh, uh, one bot per account or is it okay to put more than one bot on account? Because like some of them may have like different time frames, like one may be in the morning or might trade in the afternoon. What do you think about that? Okay, well these, the portfolio trading is all designed to be on one account. 

Okay, gotcha. Yeah, so the, the goal here isn't to put, yeah, the goal is to, is to find a portfolio, a group of bots that will work really well on one account and they're diversified. Now, you're right. 

There's possibility that these bots are trading all different times and that's why the correlation, let me do, I'm just looking for my, uh, spreadsheet here. Here we go. Um, so if we go into the spreadsheet, that's why when you put it in these bots, I've got the correlation factor. 

So when you do this part here, if you're only selecting the yellow bots, I've already built in all of the correlation factor that eliminates, um, eliminates any of the possibility that you could be potentially have the same trade open on the same account or on the same ticker, I should say. So if you go to the correlation, you're going to see that these are the bots that you've checked off that were yellow and there's no, there's no issues. There's no red. 

If there's anything red in here, you need to investigate and kind of let me know, Hey, this was a yellow in this, uh, in here. And I checked it off, but in the correlation, it's showing up as red. I need to look into that because it shouldn't, you should not be getting anything that shows up red. 

If it's highlighted in yellow over here, if you've, if you've checked that off. Okay. So this correlation factor has been built for you to prevent any issues from running these bots together on the same account. 

That's the point of it. So you'll never have, uh, any particular, like, uh, um, you would never have an MNQ trade open on the same on, on another MNQ at the same time on the same account, because we don't want that. We never know if it's going to be long or short. 

If these were all just long or all just short, then it would be fine because it would just add to your position with another signal. And we wouldn't have to worry about it. But if you're long on one of the bots and then the, the, another bot fire short on the same ticker, it just going to close out your account and it just messes up your, it just messes up your settings. 

So it's because you can't be long and short in the same, in the same ticker on the same account. Okay. So this has all been structured and built to eliminate that. 

And the whole purpose of this is that all of these are consistent, but you can see the monthly profit every month is very small. So we don't want you to spend 10 months getting funded. We want you to hopefully get something that you can get funded within a couple months.

If you can get funded in a month, that's great. Cause some of these are more aggressive and you can get funded in a month. Some aren't, some take maybe a month, a month and a half.

But that's, that's the whole point. So if you look at these, the consistency is there and they only make a little bit per month. That's great. 

But if you combine five or six or 10 of them, now you're making some big money. Okay. So that makes sense. 

Thank you. Perfect. Okay. 

I think this is great. You know, what's really cool is once you get an account funded, you can be a little bit less aggressive. Well, you can be less aggressive as far as I'm concerned. 

Don't, you know, cut your drawdown in half and just let this kind of do its thing. Who cares if the whole portfolio only makes a thousand dollars a month, right? You don't need to be getting three grand a month per account. But if you, if you end up getting funded and then you get 20 accounts funded and, and each of them are just having these slow growths with a portfolio that's fairly well balanced and it's been working consistently over the last three and a half years, that thousand dollars over 20 accounts, that's 20 grand a month. 

That's pretty nice. Right? And if you follow the rest of the strategies that I've talked about before, as far as scaling is concerned, not taking all the profit every month, but growing the account so that you get more drawdown available, then guess what? You can start playing with even more, more drawdown, giving yourself more reward, more consistent reward. So now maybe you have a portfolio that has a four or $5,000 drawdown, but it's bringing in $130,000 every couple of years. 

That's pretty nice. Again, multiply that across multiple accounts. So the point of all of this is consistency, diversification, the long game and scaling.

That's the key to all of it. Okay. And the other thing I just want to make sure that I reiterate is that, like I said, none of these have been, I have not been trading these for the last three and a half years. 

I do not know how they're going to perform year over year. I do not know when the markets are going to change and when any of these are going to stop working. I can't guarantee any profits. 

All I can say is that we've done the work. We found settings that have been consistent. It is still historical data and it is what it is. 

Okay. So I can give you tips and tricks on how to monitor things and how to protect yourself and make sure that you're practicing it before you put it live. And like I said, live in a real account, I don't consider the assessment counts live. 

We get free resets. I'm more than willing to try it in there. I don't get too concerned if they blow up. 

Who cares? Just try it again. Okay. So that's completely up to you. 

But yeah. So thanks, Joseph, for the question. Does anyone else have any other questions? Yeah, Tracy. 

Well, first of all, I think it's all phenomenal. I mean, this is just great stuff. What's the first thing I want to tackle? Oh, when some of the bots, like let's say they finish and they're supposed to do three trades for the day, do they auto shut themselves off? Yes. 

Okay, good. I was thinking something was wrong on mine, but yeah, that's cool. Another thing is somebody I talked to in the group, they would do something like they would get two eval accounts, and then they would just go long on one and short on another, like right when the CPI number is going to hit or something, a big number. 

And then one of them would fund and one of them will blow up, but they'd get the funded account out of it. Do you know that to be a valid item to do? I know that people do that. I know that it is a no-no.

It is against and violates all the rules that Apex has. They don't want you doing that. And if they find out that you're doing it, they could say, no, we're not going to fund you.

Now, the bigger thing is, I mean, a lot of these guys are doing that to get funded. And you know what? If you're not doing it once you're live, then as far as I'm concerned, I could care less how you're getting funded. But I want you to keep this in mind. 

The only reason that I would ever encourage anybody to do that or say that it's okay to do that is if you're already a consistently profitable trader and you just need to get one done quickly. But if you are having a hard time keeping a funded account funded, then you're just wasting money because there's a setup fee that you got to pay. You don't have consistency. 

You're just getting it funded only to blow it up again. You're never crossing that threshold. So as far as I'm concerned, nail down your process before you start worrying about getting accounts funded really quickly. 

But let's say that you get 20 accounts funded and then one blows up because that's just the process. I guarantee you're going to have funded accounts that blow up. That's the nature of it. 

And I've talked about this before in the scaling where you need to know what your benchmark numbers are. And that includes how long does it take you to get funded? That's one number that you need to know. And what's your average funded rate? So out of 10 accounts, how many do you get funded and how many fail? So let's say you get 20 accounts funded. 

You're going to have a few that are going to drop off. That's fine. So if you want to get them replenished really quickly, I could see people doing that just to get funded in a day. 

I get it. If you've been showing consistency with the train, I can't see how Apex would be mad at that because they're making money if you're making money. And if you're showing the consistency that they want to see, you'll get the payouts. 

You're not doing that in the assessment account. So that's kind of what I feel about that. So does that answer your question? Yeah, it does. 

Yeah. Okay. And maybe this is your secret sauce, and I understand, but what's the magic behind getting those portfolios that you pre-built? Because did you configure some of the percentages in here or did you just kind of go through a process of figuring it out? So one of the things, because I have the paid version of Quant Analyzer.

So one of the things that I'm able to do, I'll show you the steps that I did. So what I did was I went into the portfolio build, and then I just set some percentages. So the first one that I set was 100%. 

And this was zero, zero and zero. So the 100%, just give that a second to load. There we go. 

We're done. So now I have some bots here. So I know, let me just uncheck these guys. 

233, 55, and 204. Okay. So I know, oh, there's a, do I have one check that I shouldn't have checked? Yes, I do. 

And this guy, there we go. Okay. So now if I go to correlation, nothing's correlated.

So now if I go here, I have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 bots. So now what I can do is I can go into Quant Analyzer, and I go into my simple strategies. And do I have these ones loaded? No, I don't. 

So I would just, I have a couple of them. I have 55, 204. So what I would do is I would load these bots. 

So I would go into my load report, and I would load, I would load 169, 207, 225, 57, 233, 55, and 204. So then what I would do is I select them all. And I can go over to Portfolio Master. 

This is something that I have access to because I have a paid version. And in here, what I'm doing is number of strategies and portfolio, I set a minimum of three. And I can set a maximum of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, set a maximum of seven. 

The other thing is I can set some parameters. So my drawdown, I'll set it at, it's got to be less than $1,100 in drawdown, because I want to have a cushion. Because remember, I'm in Quant Analyzer, and Quant Analyzer uses, it uses pre-commission. 

So when I click Compute Portfolio, what it does is it runs all the automation, like it imagines, okay, well, if I took these three, then these three, it does another optimization. Yeah. And what it does is it throws in a whole bunch of portfolios, which you'll see right over here. 

So I have a bunch of portfolios that were pre-built. And then I can click into them and decide, okay, which one do I want to look at? So I just click on this one, I look at it. And I go, yep, I like that one. 

So these are ones that I had done, I don't want to run it right now, because what it does is it'll delete everything that's in here when I do that and rerun it. But you can see that it ran through all these different iterations. And there's a, it dismissed it, reason, drawdown. 

So the drawdown was greater. So all of these other iterations that it went through, which it went through a lot of them, right? It deleted a lot, and then it spit out some for me. So it happens really, really quickly. 

And that's why I'm doing this for you guys, because I have the tools to do it. And I mean, you're welcome, if you want to pay for the Quant Analyzer yourself, then you would have that ability to do that. But I'm trying to do it for you. 

So that's what I'm doing, is running through that. But I'm using the spreadsheet that we have to eliminate any correlation issues. Because the first time I tried this, I just brought it into Quant Analyzer, I loaded all of the bots. 

And then I ran it, I ran the Portfolio Master that way. Problem was, I was getting a lot of portfolios that had correlation issues. And you can set correlation settings right here. 

You can set the settings, but it's based on number of open positions by the hour. And so it's looking at that, but that doesn't necessarily prevent any future correlated problems. So I wish it would allow me to do more correlation settings, but it doesn't let me. 

So yeah, that's kind of just using these tools that we have. Okay, what's the second thing you wanted to touch? No, so there was that. I think that was it. 

Okay, well, while you're thinking about... Yep. I was just going to ask, do you use or put any weight behind the Monte Carlo simulation or testing in Quant Analyzer? I don't. I mean, I like the fact that because the Monte Carlo is basically looking at it as random data to see how it would perform on random data. 

As far as I'm concerned, the consistency over three and a half years, it's just random data anyway. So whether or not you get something that works under the Monte Carlo, you still have no guarantees, right? There is some benefit to it, like I said, because if it holds up in random scenarios and it still holds up, then I can see an argument towards that. But I feel like three and a half years worth of data is a pretty random sample. 

Do you know what I mean? Mm-hmm. I would put way more weight on a Monte Carlo over a three-month optimization. Okay. 

Do you know what I mean? Because then you're generating more of a sample size because you're looking at that three-month, you're getting the results, but you're also then comparing it against other data, which is theoretically a bigger sample size. Three and a half years, the markets have changed significantly over those last three and a half years. So I think that's a random enough sample. 

Okay. So that's my opinion, right? And I think the more years you can cover, the more random the sample is. And a lot of these are like 5,000 trades, 6,000 trades, 7,000 trades when you're looking at it in the portfolio. 

That's a lot of trades when compared to 20 or 30 that you're getting in a three-month. So it's a great question though. Well, and that's why I asked that because I started playing around with it. 

And the drawdown starts looking a lot different in that Monte Carlo test. And so I'm kind of like you, I'm like, well, man, is it, how legit is this? Is this really telling me something that I should be paying more attention to or? Yeah. Yeah. 

To me, a Monte Carlo is good with smaller sample size because like I said, then you're taking that small sample size dataset that you've got, that you have results for that you're thinking are good. And then you're adding a whole bunch of random data to it, which is increasing your sample size to see the robustness of that particular thing. And that's essentially what we're doing by introducing the three and a half year three and a half year, four year back test. 

Yep. Well, I can say, you know, just in a few weeks, what was it been like, it's been two weeks now or since we started? Yeah. Yeah. 

Two or three. Yeah. You know, I, it was funny. 

It started out real strong and then we'd kind of gone through some periods of heavier losses and I was like, I don't know, but I just let it go. And I was just looking, I was comparing where I started with where I'm at now. I'm actually ahead, like between four and $600 on all of my accounts, except for one. 

So congratulations. Yeah. Well, and that's the thing, like when you look at the expectations, you look at some of those monthly drawdowns, the max drawdowns that they had, and yet they still had profit at the end of the month. 

That's like, it, it feels, it feels day to day, like, oh, this isn't working. But when you step back and you look at the bigger picture and you let it do its thing, it's a totally different scenario. And that's why it's really important that we have proper expectations going into this. 

And we understand there's going to be weekly or bad weeks. There's going to be bad months. It is what it is, but it all nets out in the end. 

Yeah. I think there's one I'm down like $150, whatever, you know, you know, that that's not bad at all, but the rest of them are doing pretty, pretty good. So that's awesome. 

Yep. Excellent. Cool. 

Cool. All right. Does anyone else have any other questions? Okay. 

Any other suggestions that you'd like to see added or done differently in this? Because I welcome your feedback, guys. I think one of the actual thought process I had, you know, was, you know, some of the $50,000 portfolios, you know, they have a 2100 drawdown and a, you know, maybe some have a $2500 drawdown. But the, but the, the, the amount of money you're making on a yearly basis is almost equivalent to the $25,000 ones with a much lower drawdown. 

You know, so I actually considered just doing the $25,000 ones on a $50,000 account. Yep. And that's perfectly fine. 

Yeah, absolutely. Yep. Yeah. 

And that's the thing, like you can, you can play around with it. So I was just looking at drawdown more than anything, just to give people an opportunity to do their thing. So yeah, yep. 

Yeah, that's cool. Yep. Because I trade on a 250 account. 

I don't trade on a small account. So I trade on a larger account. So yeah, yeah. 

I have to pick up a few more emails. There you go. Yeah. 

Awesome. Okay, well, I'm glad this is helping people out. Keep at it. 

And I'll see you guys on Thursday. So if you guys want to show up. All right. 

Sounds great. All right. You guys have a great night. 

Take care.