All right, so just remember, disclaimer, that we are an educational company. We do not, we are not financial advisors, nor are we licensed to provide you with financial advice or tell you what to trade. We are an education company and we provide you education so that you can make decisions on your own. 

You are responsible for the decisions that you make and you are responsible for the buttons you push. Trading has risks associated with it and do not trade more than you can afford to lose. That is the disclaimer. 

All right, so today this is a Q&A session as usual. We're Mondays, we always have Q&A sessions and I want to go over a little bit of the portfolio stuff as well again, but I want to open it up right now for any questions if you guys have some that you need to get addressed right away. So the floor is yours. 

Ask away if you have any questions. Just a quick question and that's on the volume bot. It's only because I didn't check that is why it's not because now there's a lot of trades that aren't being taken, but that's because of the risk profile. 

Yep, that's exactly why. Okay, so no worries at all. All right, any other questions before we get going on the portfolio stuff? All righty, okay, so I have made a few more adjustments and changes and this will continue to grow and change as I see the needs as like as we use this. 

We see the needs arise or change. We'll make changes accordingly. So the first thing that I want to go over is some changes that I made in the spreadsheet and just an FYI, I have updated the spreadsheet today and I updated the portfolio package today. 

So I'll go through all of that in a second. All right, so here is the spreadsheet. Now when you click the link, you'll be forced to copy the sheet and that's fine. 

Just copy it and use it the way that I've explained in the video. Now some of the things that have that I've changed here is I've added this rank time. So what I've done is we have all of the settings that have been back tested for the last three, three and a half years. 

Okay, we have those results, but what I did is I took those results and then also extrapolated or took out the values for just 2025. Like I put a separate category together for 2025. So if you decide to change this and go to 2025, which you perfectly can, then what it's going to do is it's going to take all the settings, but it's going to rank it according to just the 2025 performance. 

So what we're getting by doing that is we're seeing overall settings that have consistency over the last three and a half years, but we want to see what's actually working out of those settings best this year. Does that make sense? So it's just a little filter. You do not have to use it. 

It's just that's what this is, is 2025. So if you go to all years, it's going to place the ranking with all of the data that we have for the entire three and a half years. If you click the 2025, it's only going to focus on the 2025 results. 

Now that doesn't mean we're optimizing for 2025. That's not what we're doing. We've still optimized over the three and a half years. 

We're still using bots that have consistency over the last three and a half years, but out of those bots, we want to know which ones are working best right now. I think it's a great addition. Alternatively, you may have seen in the correlation tab, it used to have all the bots. 

Now it only has the bots that you've selected. So when you go to the portfolio build and you select your bots right here, so whatever they are, whatever you have the check mark beside, that's what's going to be automatically dragged into here. So when you do that, then you can see which ones are badly correlated. 

So you do not want to use any of the ones if they are red. That's not a good thing. So I've got something here checked that shouldn't be checked. 

So that's a good check just to test it out. And there we go. Okay. 

And now if I go to correlation, I have zero red correlation. So I'm good to go. All right.

So that's basically the gist of the changes that have been made inside of the of the port or the spreadsheet. Is there any questions? Okay. The other thing that I did, I don't know if I went over this. 

I did go over this in the video, but I'll just review it right here. This type, if you type all, it's going to include the rankings for everything. This includes minis, micros, stocks, if we have any stocks in there, everything. 

So if you want to focus on smaller accounts, just look at the micro. If you're looking at some bigger accounts, then you might want to look at the mini instead. And this will automatically update. 

Now, it takes a couple seconds to reformat. So just give it a second. You might even have a blue bar that shows up along the top here. 

Just let it do its thing. But the micro, if you have the micro down, see the blue bar just popped up. If you have micro, then this is only going to show you the micro. 

So that's why the starting bot score is 18, because the previous 17 bots were actually probably mini contracts. Okay. Does that make sense to everybody? Perfect. 

All right. Okay. So let me stop this. 

I should have shared my... Okay. So now the next thing that I want to go over is inside of here. So inside of the bot trading community, so you can find that on the left-hand side, bot trading community, go into the course recordings, and then scroll down to module 11. 

Now, you can see that I just put in an... It's updated September 2nd, 2025. So it has been updated. Now, if we open this up, sorry, just click on it and open it up. 

And I'm just going to make this a little bit bigger. Here we go. I have this big stop thing here that tells you, hey, stop, because if you haven't done modules one to four yet, you should probably go back and do that so you understand how to do a back test and all that kind of stuff. 

So I don't really want you diving into this until you've done that. The other thing is to make sure that you have updated all the bots, because everything that we have done is based on all the current bots. Okay.

Now, there's a welcome video. There is a step one. Please, please, please, please watch these videos. 

They aren't very long, but they give you all the instructions that you need to understand how to walk through all of this. I took the time to build the videos for you. There is a video and there is a written direction. 

So you can pick one, use both, but I try to accommodate every person. So if you don't like to watch a video, then you can read. If you like to watch a video, then great. 

There's a short video there that walks you through it. All right. But please go through these videos before you move on to step two.

We've had a few individuals that have been struggling because they've jumped right into the step two part and you're missing some steps. So if you don't want that struggle, follow the instructions, go through it bit by bit. And I think that it's pretty straightforward, but if it isn't, please reach out to me. 

I'll clarify and modify these accordingly to make it better for you guys. Okay. So there's a video on the spreadsheet and quant analyzer walkthrough.

And then there is a video on how to import the documents. Okay. Now, step two, these are download your settings files. 

Now, I just added an additional download. So this one here is the portfolio package that has all the files that go into NinjaTrader. It is now updated to September 2nd. 

There are now 183 bots or bot settings that you now have access to. We've got tons more. I just have to go through and convert everything to make sure that it's all ready to go. 

But I also included all of the quant analyzer files. So we do have some people that are in Europe, for instance, and when they are exporting from NinjaTrader out, it doesn't export properly to go into quant analyzer. That is a problem with the NinjaTrader version that's gone out in Europe. 

And so the workaround will be, I will provide you with the quant analyzer files and you guys here in the U.S. or in Canada or anywhere else that's not having an issue with that, you are free to use those files. Just note that they are all in PST time. You do not need to convert anything to your local time. 

You can build your portfolio and see the equity curves and see how it performs. It'll still do all of that. But just know that once you decide on the portfolio, you still have to go in to NinjaTrader, update the date or the time on all your bots before you go live with them so that it is your live current time. 

Does that make sense to everybody? Yep. Perfect. Okay. 

And so when you download this quant analyzer file, you just download somewhere that you have access to. And when you load in quant analyzer, you just go to that folder that you just saved. So once you download this, then unzip it somewhere. 

I've got the instructions right here. So export the quant analyzer into a location that you'll remember and access it. Then again, this is the spreadsheet copy right here. 

All right. A couple things that I want to go over regarding, you know, things that you should be double checking when you are looking at these strategies. So I bring a strategy test in here. 

If I go to a summary, this is just one test. This is an M2K. I'm not sure which bot this is, but it's January 2022 up till the 22nd or the 20th. 

Feel free, like I said, to increase this date to the most current date, whatever, and then run it again. But the things that I want you to pay attention to are this, are these. Wait till this finishes doing its thing. 

I want to make sure that you take note of the largest losing trade. Okay. You know, when you go through these tests, make sure you're paying attention to stuff like that. 

There are some bots particularly where the risk is too high or too low, I should say, and therefore it's filling with one full contract and therefore quadrupling your risk. Now, that may be perfectly fine for some people. They don't have to worry about the drawdown. 

They might like that. It's not a big deal. It's just we're not going to take them out. 

We're going to leave them in there. But you have a responsibility to make sure that this largest losing trade is within some acceptable parameters and understand that that's the reason that it's doing. Because if let's, for example, the way that these bots are built is that here's your entry, here's your stop, and there is a specific amount of value inside of here. 

Okay. So let's say that the value in here for one contract, let's say that it would be $1,000. Okay. 

So whatever, however many ticks this is to get from here to here, the total value, if you entered here and exited here with one contract, it would be $1,000 loss. Okay. So if the value is $1,000 and you're using a $500 risk, okay, you're using a $500 risk, then the total number of contracts that you can get is 0.5. Correct. 

Right. Would that be correct? Yeah. Okay. 

Yeah. Well, in futures, you cannot get half a contract. So in this particular case, it's automatically going to round up to one, which means you have the position, but if your stock gets hit, you lose $2,000. 

Okay. Now, if the value in here is $1,500, then guess what, you're going to lose $3,000. And if it's $2,000, then you're going to lose $4,000. 

Okay. Now, that's going to be dictated by the size of the candle. Now, some of our bots have the option to not take trades, if it is less than one contract. 

Not all of them have that. So just be aware that if you see a largest losing trade that is greater than your risk, and I mean, like a lot, not this, this is like $111, that's like slippage. But if you have anything bigger, then that's what's happening. 

Okay. And it's the volatility of the NASDAQ, in particular, runs into the biggest issue with some of these, some of the risks. So when we get down into the $50 risk, when we get into the $500 on the minis, it, the risk is too small, sometimes for some of the volatility, not all the time. 

And you'll notice it when you go to, and this is just a confirmation, when you go to the trades, and you see, they're all ones. Okay, they're all ones, the risk is too small. That's what's happening. 

And you're going to see wild numbers in here. And like I said, that may be okay. For many of you, if you have a big enough account, and you can handle the drawdown, it's not a big deal, you can see the consistency.

It just means that you're trading with one contract all the time. And you're, you're going to be taking a three hour loss sometimes sometimes you're taking a two hour loss. It's not ideal. 

But if that fits your risk parameter, then you're free to use it. So I want to make sure that people are taking a look at that. Okay. 

Now, are there any questions, since this is rolled out? I have an observation. Okay. I think I, I came back to you. 

And I said, I had he's one of the bots. I said, I'm coming up with 8000. It says 15,000. 

But I think the important thing is that when people download the stuff, like, I have one drive, and it's kind of can screw things up and stuff with the stuff you download. So I deleted everything, all my ticks and minutes and days and all that kind of stuff from the stuff. And I redownloaded everything.

And now everything looks looks so much better. So so I would just say downloading the data is important and making sure that you have all the data there. Another observation is in strategy analyzer. 

I noticed, like, there's a checkbox for, you know, when you load the reports in, and there's a checkbox to say, like, load commissions or something like that. Yep. And I think what, what may be happening is, it double, maybe double counts to the commissions or something. 

If you have that checkbox there. Why do you say that? I was just noticing some anomalies with it. And as you go through, like, I want that checkbox off, I believe, right? Well, we've put it on because we're using such low risk, we want to make sure that we're meeting the parameters.

So we've left it on, but we've left it on the NinjaTrader brokerage free, because there's a higher commission. So that's fine. So when you when you do that, you download the data, but then when you load it in strategy analyzer, like the commission's already applied to the values. 

So but there's a checkbox in there to say, add commission. And it almost seemed like it double counted. Maybe it was just my initial observation, but. 

I'm not, I'm not necessarily following you, Jason. So, because this is a strategy analyzer here. I'm sorry, not strategy, I'm sorry, quant analyzer, quant analyzer. 

Okay, gotcha. So in quant analyzer, should we have the checkbox for commissions on or off? Off in the quant analyzer. Yeah, you don't want to include commissions because it's already been included in the trades. 

Exactly. So one thing I've noticed is with CL, MCL for oil. Is that you could be sitting there and hitting continue, continue and say, you could say, you know, I don't want commissions for any of this. 

When it gets to oil, it grays out the checkbox and it keeps the checkbox there for some reason. And it seems like it's oil is the only one that I noticed it. Okay, so if I was to load some reports, let's see if I can get. 

Yeah, exactly. Load several of them. So let's go. 

Here's an oil. Let's load this guy, this guy, this guy, and this guy. Okay, so what are you referring to here? So include.

Go uncheck the checkbox. And then usually I'll hit the checkbox down below to say, use the same parameters. You know, don't, and then continue. 

See how it grays it out and it checks it. Okay. So if you're, if people are just, for some reason, I don't know why you can't uncheck it, you know? Yeah, I don't know. 

I've never even noticed it before. So let's just go like this again. MGC, MCL, MES, like that. 

All right. So include commissions, no, continue. So you could, you could check that. 

Yeah, that's weird. Yeah. Commission swap. 

I don't know why. And I think it's, yeah, it's just only for oil for some reason. Interesting.

And I didn't get to the, I didn't get to the point of checking to see, like, did it actually double count the commission, you know, or, or what? Right. That's a good question. And I honestly don't know. 

So I'll have to research that and find the, find the answer out for you. Because now if we were to create a portfolio, those were just random bots that we selected, but I'm just going to get rid of this guy. Delete and delete. 

Okay. That's a great question. So I'll have to look into that. 

I'm not, I'm not a hundred percent sure. So I've never actually noticed that button before. So I just know that we've included the commissions in here. 

Now, if you want to, you could also export this, like turn this off, rerun it, and then export it that way. So inside of here, you could turn off the commissions. The only reason we did it is when we optimized it, we wanted to make sure that we included commissions so that we knew that the monthly amount was hitting the parameters that we were looking for. 

So this, because the commissions is going to be different depending on who you're using as well. And so this is just an estimate, but it was to kind of get an idea of included commissions. Okay. 

Yeah. So quick, quick thing on the analyzer there. When you were hitting the continue, it would come back. 

Wasn't that the next spot? It was. Yeah. But so then, yeah. 

The part that I was struggling with was the fact that the CL was graying out. So you couldn't uncheck it. So watch, let me just do this right here. 

So see how CL is, this is the CL MCL bot. It's grayed out. So you can't even turn it off.

That's what we're referring to. Oh, okay. Yeah. 

Yeah. Okay. So now I'm running a portfolio right now. 

I made $896 today on that portfolio. Had a good day today. Yeah. 

Yeah. I noticed the same thing. What's that? I'm running three portfolios right now. 

One of them's on a funded account, and then the other three of them are on just PA accounts. And the funded account, it's funny because I've had that thing since May and it took a big dive. I mean, it was within maybe two or $300 of being blown. 

And the last two days since I've been running this portfolio, it's kind of pulling out of the dregs of- Awesome. That's awesome. So yeah, I'm excited. 

I mean, all of the accounts, I almost screenshot it because they're all in the green today. I've never seen that. That's fantastic. 

Yeah, that's awesome. Well, Brandon, one thing you just said, are you running three different portfolios? I am. Yeah. 

So I'm running like 15 bots. So my thought process, and Tracy, correct me if I'm wrong, is within one portfolio, you could be good. But within three portfolios, he could be going long and short and same- Yeah, he's running them on different accounts though.

Yeah, but I thought with Apex, let's say you got 10 accounts. I thought you couldn't be like in two accounts, long MNQ and then in two accounts, short MES. No, no. 

If you have a strategy, no, they don't want you arbitraging is what they don't want you doing. And so you would have to be entering at exactly the same time with the exact same amount going in the opposite direction. That's where they're... Because it's hedging and that's not what he's doing. 

He's running three separate portfolios with separate strategies that he's just treating them separately, and that's perfectly allowed. So if you're running a different strategy on a different account, you're more than welcome to do that. And yes, you may end up being short in one and long in another, but chances are, if that's happening, you're going to lose on one of them anyway, because they usually run together. 

So yeah, they just don't want you going. And what they don't want you doing is being long the exact same position in NQ and then being short in NQ at the same time. So one of them wins, one of them loses.

Do you know what I mean? They don't allow that. Within the same account or within different? Well, you can't do it within the same account, but they're just looking at the way you're trading to see are you trying to manipulate? Because a lot of people, they'll get a bunch of accounts, they'll go long in one, short in another, and just see which one passes, right? And they'll go full order. And they'll just say, okay, well, one of them will pass, one of them will fail.

Apex isn't trying to screw you out of being able to trade. They're trying to set rules to keep you from manipulating and taking advantage of their system. That's what they're trying to avoid.

So they don't want arbitraging. They don't want YOLOing. They don't want just taking advantage of trying to break the rules, where you can take advantage of that.

So that's not what they're looking for. And they want people that are showing consistency. So that's why they've started asking everyone, what's your plan? What were your trades? What were your reasons for taking them? Well, if you've got, you know exactly what strategy you were running. 

You know exactly what you were looking for. The consistency that was there. This is the strategy.

It triggered on this particular ticker, right? So yeah, it will work perfectly fine. Okay, so let me just repeat it. So hypothetically, I can have, let's say, two portfolios with seven bots. 

I'm making it up, seven bots in each one. So 14 bots. I can be trading one portfolio in one account, another portfolio in another account.

By chance, there could be a situation where I am in one portfolio, I'm long MNQ, I'm making it up two contracts. But in another account, and another separate portfolio, I might be short one MES. And that's still okay. 

Yeah, it's a different strategy that you're working with. So, and I highly doubt that's going to happen at exactly the same time. Okay. 

All right. So so there, yeah, so they're more concerned about you just, you know, all at the same time, you're just going long and going short. Yeah, because what, what that's saying is, I don't know what it's going to do. 

So I'm just going to go either way with both and whichever wins wins. And if I blow one account, so be it, I'll have the other one gets funded. And that's what a lot of people are trying to do. 

And that's just wrong. Yeah, so that I guess, you know, because I kept pressing them on, you know, not going long and short. And they're just like, you can't be long and short of, you know, ever.

I mean, you know, you get these customer support people, they just, you know, scared the hell out of you. Yeah, and they don't understand either. Yeah. 

Might be thinking that you're talking in the same account, or what are you doing? Because yeah, you can't go long and short in the same account. It just it won't even let you do it. But no, that's what they're, it's totally different.

And you can, you have all the documentation, you have the reasons why you're doing it. It's not, you're not hedging, you're not trying a strategy where you go long in one account, short in the other, whichever one wins, that's not the strategy. You have consistency in history. 

So you're running a specific strategy. This is the you're running a portfolio on that account. This is how you're running that account. 

And the proof is in the pudding. So if you guys are doing what you're doing, and you're you're keeping a record of it, you'll see the P&L. And if we get a an equity curve that's looking like the historical ones that we're showing, they're not going to argue with that. 

That's exactly what they want to see. Yeah. Brandon, so good job, Brandon.

Well, thank you. I'm excited to see how this works going forward. And yeah, I, you know, what's funny is I, I tried to approach it this way early on when we first started up. 

And funny thing about that was is I, I think the spreadsheet that you built, Tracy, is the big game changer in this whole thing, because it, it helps you see where you're correlated. Because when I tried to do it, everything was so correlated, everything would either win at once, which was great, or it would lose. And then you just had problems.

And so having an ability to see what's correlated, what's not, be able to, that's, again, a game changer, in my opinion. There you go. Yep. 

Now, were you here earlier when I showed the latest change to the spreadsheet? Yes. Yeah. Okay. 

Okay. Because I think that's another game changer is being able to filter down to see the 2025, what's working best right now. So yeah, and I, I'm excited to kind of play with that too, because that is one thing I noticed as I was backtesting all those portfolios, is I would drill down in some of the bots, you know, some of them were working really good, you know, 2022, 23, 24. 

And then so far this year, there's a couple, a few of them that just haven't really done anything, maybe even lost. Yep. So, yeah. 

And that's fine, because at any point they could turn around. True. Right. 

So we don't know where the drawdown was in any one of those years. And then all of a sudden it just kicks up and starts working. So I want to point out something here. 

So here's a portfolio that I was looking at earlier today, this one here, it made $132,158 in three and a half years. It had a total drawdown of $2,724. These are the bots, by the way, if you want to see, it's number 17, 18, 29, 31, 34, 45, and 82. 

Now you can see that, I mean, it's pretty consistent, but what I want to point out here is this guy right here. So if you take a look down here, you can see the yearly performance. So this... That's amazing.

Right. So you had 46,000 in the first year, 30,000 in the second year, 37,000 in the third year. And right now we're 17,000. 

But the one thing I also want to point out here is out of that entire three and a half years, there's only one month where we had a negative month. Yeah. Right. 

Now, the reason that I'm bringing this up is because if you'd seen this and said, oh, I'm done, I don't want to run this anymore. Then you miss all of this, all of this, and all of this. Right. 

So I do want to point that out that this has got longevity. I mean, this is 7,347 that we're looking at. That's a big sample size. 

And so, you know, you may have some bots that aren't working this month, but hopefully the entire portfolio is still going in the right direction. And that's the idea, to have it more balanced so that you may have some... And this is the way mutual funds are built. Right. 

Mutual funds are built with some cash. They're built with some equity, some stuff that's local, some stuff that's not. And it's just the idea is that when one sector or one instrument isn't working, the rest of it kind of is so that the portfolio itself is climbing in the right direction. 

That's the idea. So just keep that in mind. And that's even this year, if we have some that aren't quite working this year, but the overall parameters are looking good, it can turn around at any point. 

We have some that had one year where it was bad, but then the next year it was like, boom, and then boom. Right. So you have some that have small, some that have even... We have a couple that even have a negative, like 2023, but 2024, 2025, and 2022 were great. 

So the overall portfolio was going up. That's what we're looking for. We're looking for the averages to be good and what have you. 

So I think having that filter in there that can look at the 2025 performance right now and see if maybe filter, rank it based on the 2025 so you get something that's currently working right now might be a little bit more of a game changer. Yeah. All right. 

The biggest part is going to be keeping it updated. That's the biggest thing. It takes a long time to update all these values every month and we're up to... Let's see how many bots we have now or strategies. 

We are up to 250. We have 250 so far. So I've released up to 183.

So up to 183. The rest of these have to be gone through. Yeah.

You know what I could suggest is that you build up like a UiPath or Blue Prism bot to cycle through all this stuff. If I knew how to do that, I would. I was actually talking to Matt this morning about a way that we could automate all this because I would love to be able to automate it. 

I just don't know how. So feel free to send me some information. I'm going to start looking into it to see what to do, to see what it would take to run them. 

So I've had the exposure to run RPA teams, robotic process automation teams. So this type of stuff is fairly straightforward because really you're just downloading the data, cycling through bot after bot. And I bet you somebody could put... If you've got a freelance RPA guy that's looking for work, and just said, hey, you know, cost us out, you know, to build a one-time thing.

It's called RPA. They could do it pretty quickly and they could do it for pretty cheaply. Okay. 

Well, I'll have to look into that. I might send you a message and ask you for a little bit more detail. I don't have a pen in it right now, but yeah, that would be great. 

And would that be able to actually run the strategies within NinjaTrader so that it gets the updated information and then pulls? Yeah, without a doubt. So it basically simulates all the clicks that a human would do and it would just do it for you. Yeah, that would be huge. 

And then I think you could probably put it in a config file, right? To list out all the strategies and then the bot will have one routine. And all it does is keep looking at the config file to say, okay, now I got to run MCL and I got to run this one and I got to run that one. And it just does the same routine over and over. 

Okay. So like if you said, well, I want to add 10 more strategies to it, you just add the 10 more strategies to the config file and the program doesn't get touched. Okay. 

Yeah, I'm definitely going to have to look into that because right now this is a manual process. So it's manual for us. It's automated for you guys. 

So that's, yeah, it takes a long time. Actually, yeah, go ahead. Actually, I could probably reach out to one of the guys I hired at the Harford and he's still a friend of mine and he does all this RPA stuff and he was on my team. 

But, you know, I could just ask him to check it out for you, you know, and he could probably, you know, size it if it was something he was interested in doing, you know, size it out and then give you an estimate for how much it would take to do all that stuff. So that would be great. I would really appreciate that because, yeah, I want to be able to update all of this information, all of the information in here every single month so we have updated data. 

But then on top of it, I also have to manually run each test and add it into here with just the 2025 data. Yeah. So that you guys get both, right? Yeah, without a doubt. 

I mean, yeah, this is core to what RPA does. Okay, yeah, I'd appreciate that, Jason. That would be fantastic. 

Yeah, I mean, yeah, definitely, definitely get y'all connected and we'll all talk. Yeah, that would take it. That would be a step changer for everything. 

That would be fantastic. It would be a total change. Yep. 

Cool, cool. All righty. Are there any other questions about any of this stuff? Because otherwise we will have a end of day. 

That'll be the end of it. I was going to say I did miss the first few minutes because could you show me the 2025 thing quickly? Yeah, so if you go to the, let me get out of this one. Let me go into the regular one. 

So right into here. So if you go to your portfolio build at the top, and actually what we can do is drag this down. Whoops. 

So it freezes there. So there's this menu up top, you guys can configure all of this. This is the configuration for how you want to distribute your the weighting of your bots. 

And over here, you've got the type. Now, if you have it set to all, it's going to show everything that's in here. So that includes the mini, the micro stocks, if we ever have them, etc. 

So if you're using a smaller account, I encourage you to go to micro. If you're using a larger account, you want some of the bigger, the bigger profits with bigger risk, then you can select mini. And when you do that, it'll automatically update might take a few seconds, but you'll see that this reorganized. 

So I'm gonna go back to the micro. But I added this rank time as well. Now, if you select all years, it is ranking the bots based on the stats for the entire three and a half year optimization. 

Gotcha. Okay. If you select 2025, what it's doing is it's still using the exact same bots that have been consistent over the last three and a half years, but it's focusing on what is their performance in 2025. 

And it's ranking it based on that. So that will enable us to pull out the bots that are currently working really well. Gotcha. 

Yeah. Okay. Now, you don't need to use it. 

It's just there that it's just an added filter that we've added to make this a little bit more, I guess, helpful. Yeah, there's no guarantees. I mean, it might have started out with a really good 2025. 

And now it's starting to deteriorate just like it could have many of those other years, it could have started out with a really bad year. And then the end of the year just turned out to be monstrous. So anything can happen, the market is not identical, it will never ever be identical, it's impossible for it to be identical. 

So this is just we're looking at historical patterns and hoping that they repeat. So it's just about making good decisions. And you have a variety of different ways of filtering it to make the decisions that you're making. 

That's it. Right. Yeah. 

Very cool. Thank you. And I believe somebody else had another question. 

I did. Tracy, this one's actually not related to the bonds or the portfolio. I was curious on the account protection program. 

Yeah. Refresh my memory. So how's that set up? So like if you drop connection, is it designed to reconnect? Yes. 

Okay. That's, that's what I wondered. Yeah.

And then because it's working fine. And I just started using it with the portfolios. I wasn't using it with what I was doing before. 

But yeah, it works great. But the other question I had was, so it looks like it will email you, you can set it to where it will email you. Yeah. 

Is there anything you have to do, anything else you have to do in NinjaTrader to set that up? Yes, you do. So and I, there is a video that I walked through that. But what you need to do is you go into tools, go to settings. 

And then right in here, you're going to see it set up share services. So when you set up share services, you have to set up an email. So you can set up an email. 

And when you do that, you can select connect to and if you select Google, it'll automatically pull in whatever the parameters are in Google. If you select Yahoo, it'll select whatever that is, if you select Hotmail, whatever it is, but you do need to set up an email. So what NinjaTrader does is it needs to connect to an email platform that will send emails. 

So that's what you're doing by setting this up. This is what it's going to send from the protection software is where are you sending it to? So there's the two components. What are you sending it from? And what are you sending it to? And it can be the same email.

Okay, but it needs it needs to have some kind of a, like I said, a service set up in order for it to start sending messages. So that's the first thing you need to do. Okay, that makes sense. 

Yeah. Yeah, it was kind of funny because my NinjaTrader updated over the weekend. Yeah. 

And as soon as it did that, you know, working really good, but that was also because I started using the protection program. You know, my man, this thing isn't dropping service or dropping the connection like it used to. Well, it actually was and is. 

It's just that, yeah, that it's reconnecting it. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, it's working. 

Yeah, that's awesome. Now, it will not help if your internet goes dead. There's nothing we can do to solve that. 

So, but this will definitely, it'll try 10 times. If it can't reestablish a connection, then it'll email you. Okay. 

Right. Now, the important thing for you to do when it does email is to actually act on it. Otherwise, it doesn't help you. 

Right. Well, that's the big thing. It's like, you know, especially running all these portfolios, that's what makes me nervous. 

If it goes dead during the day in the middle of a trade, you know, and you're stuck, and it, you know, dies on you during a trade, then you've got a trade out there just going, you know, willy nilly. Yeah. So, again, remember to do your daily and weekly housekeeping. 

So, remember to reset the bots, reset your connection every day, clean out that that cache folder or the database folder with the cache tick day and minute folder, just to make sure that you're giving NinjaTrader all the best options. And the other thing is, if you are running three portfolios like that, I recommend that you run them in the strategies tab here, rather than having them all on a chart. So, the more charts you use, the things that you have running inside of NinjaTrader, the more likelihood that you are pulling resources from your computer and risk the disconnection.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm curious, Tracy, do you, do you have a hard time staying connected, too? Uh, it goes through waves. 

Lately, I haven't had any issues, but then there's some times where it's like, oh, every time I turn around, it's frozen. So. Oh, yeah. 

I run into that, too. Yeah. But it's usually my VPS. 

It's never my computer. So. Oh. 

Yeah. Yeah. All right. 

Any, uh, any other questions? I have a question. Yes, Amanda. You just mentioned about clearing the cache and all that.

Is there a video on that? Uh, I'm sure there is, but I can go over it here so that you see it. Okay. So, what you're going to do is you're going to open your Manila folder in Windows. 

So, you'll find the Manila folder down in the taskbar. And then what you're going to do is you're going to look for your documents folder. You're going to go to NinjaTrader 8. You're going to go to DB.

And then what you're going to do is you're going to take, select the cache file and just delete it. Select the day file and delete it. Select the minute file and delete it. 

And select the tick file and delete it. Now, make sure NinjaTrader is turned off when you do this. But just delete those files. 

You should do that once a week. And when NinjaTrader reopens, it will automatically rebuild those files, but only with the recent data that you need. Okay. 

Thank you. Okay. You bet.

Any other questions? All right. How many of you in the group, uh, feel free, I mean, I can't see everybody, and I'm, um, but the people that are here, if you guys want to either put it in the chat or you can just put a hands up, but how many of you have tried building a portfolio and have gone live in a, at least a sim account or an assessment account with a portfolio? Type a one if that's been true. Yeah. 

Okay. Hands up or thumbs up. Okay. 

How many people have, have tried, but they're stuck? Put it, put a two in the chat if you're, you've tried, but you're stuck. Okay. And type a three in the, uh, okay. 

So Amanda, you, you've tried, but you're stuck. Um, what exactly can I help you with right now then? Um, I honestly, I think I might have figured it out. Um, I just don't have all the bots downloaded yet. 

I think that might be the issue. Okay. Okay. 

So I'm, I'm skipping. I'll be honest. So I'm back. 

I'm going back. Okay. No worries. 

And then, um, just, just to reiterate, if, if you guys missed the beginning of the class, uh, there is an update. So now, uh, I just put it in there today. So there is a new zip file. 

So you're going to want to, uh, uninstall, or not uninstall, but you're going to want to download the new one and then export it as per the instructions. And if it asks you to overwrite, please overwrite because the new versions have updates to them. So just make sure that you overwrite, have whatever's in the new zip file, that should be what is in your computer. 

Um, all right. So that has been updated today. Okay. 

All right. Now, uh, put a three in the chat if you are wanting to do the, um, portfolio stuff, but you just haven't got around to it. That's, that's where you're at. 

Okay. All right. I'm kind of, I've done it, but I just haven't enabled it yet. 

So I'm probably going to get it all done tonight. So perfect. Okay. 

Well, I I'm really excited for this. So you guys, um, again, go through the videos that are in the instructions or in the, in the module itself, follow the PDFs. They're very short videos. 

They're very to the point, exactly what you need to do. And other than that, if you guys, once you've gone through all that, if you still have questions, please let me know. And we're just going to keep growing this, making it bigger and better. 

And yeah. And Jason, if you don't mind passing on some of that information to me, I'd be greatly appreciated. Yeah. 

Sounds good. I'll, I'll connect. I'll see if he's okay to have a, you know, a half hour call or whatever.

Yeah. That'd be great. Cool. 

All right, folks, you guys have a fantastic evening and I will catch you on the flip side. Sounds good. Thanks Tracy. 

Bye guys.