All right, so just a quick disclaimer once again that we are just an educational company and that there is risk associated with trading. We are not a financial advisor. We can't trade for you.

Everything that we do is for educational purposes and you need to understand that when you are pushing the button that you are taking on all the risk and be okay with that. So don't risk more than you can afford to lose. All right, moving on. 

So tonight I want to unveil some pretty cool stuff and I want to introduce what's called portfolio trading. At least that's what I'm calling it. Okay? Now what I've been up to over the last several weeks is doing a whole whack of testing. 

Now, I've been doing testing that has been over three years worth of data. So I've been going back to January 1st of 2022 and finding a whole bunch of strategies that have been consistently working year over year over the last three years. And that's what I kind of want to introduce you to.

So there's two ways of doing this. There's the three-month approach and the three-year approach. The three-month approach, which you guys are free to continue using, it's what's currently working right now and it fits with the current market conditions.

And it works as long as the market doesn't change. One of the downsides is that it's a very small sample size. And many of you may find that, you know, you're looking for those settings and you find some that and the minute you put them into live markets all of a sudden they stop working, right? You guys feel free to chime in if that's been your experience.

But I know that it's been hit or miss and there's been some people that have been finding extreme success with it with this version and others that are just struggling. So our goal was to set out and find a solution for that that could give another alternative and the alternative is the three-year test. Now, to find something that works consistently and to work with drawdowns, one of the challenge was that you had to reduce the risk significantly.

So the three-year, we're looking to see what's been more consistent over time. We're showing settings that are more robust because they've proven to be consistent over a greater time frame and a greater sample size. This also means that you're going to get a significantly lower monthly gain.

A lot of these strategies are bringing in anywhere from $100 a month up to maybe $400 a month. That's it. Okay, but you're using a significantly larger sample size. 

So the idea is that with all a whole bunch of little successful strategies, you put a bunch together because if you have a, let's say that you have 10 strategies that all make an average $300 a month, put 10 of those together and guess what? You're making $3,000 a month on average. But with something that's proven some consistency over the last three years, a thousand trades, etc. All right.

Now the issue that comes up when you're running portfolio, number one is correlation. And you have two types of correlation issues. You have time correlation, which means it could be trading at the same time, right? And you have ticker correlation. 

So if it's the same ticker, and if you have the same ticker and the same time, that becomes an impossible venture because a lot of these bots will trade both long and short and you can't do both in the same account with the same ticker. So correlation is an issue. And then drawdown becomes an issue because you're compiling multiple strategies and you may look at one strategy with a decent drawdown.

But when you couple in a bunch of strategies together, that drawdown could get better or it could get worse. Okay, so drawdown becomes an issue. So how do we solve that? And we're going to get to this live, but we've actually built correlation tables. 

This is a picture of a correlation table. So with all the strategies that are showing, we can actually see how they're correlated to prevent utilizing strategies that are correlated basically that create that that crossover in time and in ticker. All right.

So I want to just get an idea who's excited for this. Who's excited yet? Whetting your whistle just a little bit. Yeah. 

Absolutely. I can't see everybody. So if you guys don't want to talk, you guys can put some numbers in the chat.

Matt's excited. There you go. Corey Nelson's excited.

I like where it's going because I've seen this to be an issue you know, correlation to be an issue. Yeah. Yeah. 

Well, it's pretty neat. This is really cool. So I'm just going to get through the rest of this. 

So portfolio. This is another thing. So I have the pro version of Quant Analyzer 4 and that opened up this Portfolio Master as well. 

So what I've been able to do is actually bring in all 100 strategies that I have and we're going to have maybe possibly 200, maybe 300 strategies that are working over the last three years. We're building it all the time. But I can run this Portfolio Master and it just with some parameters in place and it threw in a whole bunch of portfolios, pre-built portfolios. 

Now, it doesn't eliminate the correlation the way I'd like it to. Unfortunately, it's limited that way. So there's a little bit of extra work versus the spreadsheet that I built.

But you can see here that the drawdown on some of these portfolios. I don't know if we can see this. Let me see if I can. 

I don't think I can zoom that in. Hang on. No, I can't zoom that up, but I'll show you in the real thing here.

Yeah, let's just take a look. So let me stop the share and I'll grab my portfolio analyzer. I'll just share my monitor.

Share. Wait, there we go. There's my monitor and let me just bring this into here.

Now, this is just one thing that I'm utilizing and I'll show you the spreadsheet shortly. But in this Portfolio Master, all these portfolios have been developed. Now, I was just running this and creating portfolios that had a condition where the drawdown was less than 2,200.

So in this particular case, you can see that if we just grab this very first one and I go to the analyze page and I go to overview, you can see that in three years this thing made $90,642 with a max drawdown of $1,489.51 in three years. The average monthly profit is only 2,060, but that's still pretty darn good. Now, if you got yourself some funded accounts already and you just let them grow slowly, but you scaled by getting multiple accounts, is 2,060 a month life-changing for many of you? I think so.

Oh, yes. Yeah, I do. Okay. 

Now, win percentage. All of these are going to have lower win percentage. That's just the nature of having the big sample size. 

You're not going to get the 70 or 80 percent, but you're making 90,000 over three years with a 40% win rate. That's, like I said, pretty good. Your average daily profit is $93.

The profit factor 1.4. So you can see that there. Here's a couple others. So there's let's look at this one. 

This one's $101,000 in three years with an average monthly of $23,000 and a drawdown of $16,000. Here's another one. $105,000, $23,000, $17,000 drawdown. 

This is 5,013 trades that it's looking at. Okay, now when we look at the trade analysis, you can see that here's the year performance. Pretty consistent. 

We're only halfway through the year. Fairly consistent. Here's your days of the week. 

Very consistent. That's over three years of data. All right. 

So now if I was to bring in the actual spreadsheet. So if I go to right here. Oh, that's really big. 

Hang on. There we go. All right. 

So here's the spreadsheet that and what we're going to do or what will be the plan. So right now, I'm just introducing this to you guys. It's not ready to launch quite yet. 

I'm hoping that we'll have the package ready to go by the end of the week to get started. The idea here is that you can see I've got 92 strategies that are all that are all done. And I've got this all the information's already built. 

You're going to have access to this spreadsheet. And what we're going to do is we're going to send you a zip file with all these strategies in place. So they'll have all the strategies and there'll be instructions on how to extract them, what folders you need to extract them to, because you can see that there's mega or bots, there's volume bots, there's mega snapback, there's mega, mega scalp bots, there's 10 EMA bots. 

So there's strategies from all sorts of component or all sorts of bots. So each one of these will get extracted into its own file. Now they're numbered. 

These are the file names that you'll see. So 01, 02, 03, 04, 05, etc. They're all numbered. 

So it's very easy to figure out exactly what you need. Right? So this spreadsheet is already pre-built. You don't have to do anything to it. 

This is just for you to be able to pick your portfolio. So the next thing that you can do is you go over to the portfolio build. And in the portfolio build, what we've got here is, can you guys all see this? Is this too small or is it big enough for you guys to see? Yeah, we can see it. 

Okay, perfect. Yeah. So we've got some categories here. 

There's net profit, max drawdown, profit factor, percent profit of bill, win loss ratio, profit per month, and profit per month to max drawdown ratio. Now what this portfolio builder allows you to do is you can actually select how important net profit is versus max drawdown versus any of these others. And you can create a custom, a custom ranking of the different results.

So if you are looking at net profit as being, that's a hundred percent important to you, you just simply type in a hundred here and zero the rest of these out. And now this is all ranked. You saw it change. 

It's all ranked based on that 100% net profit. So whatever the top ranked versions are, that's what you get to use or it's ranked that way. So you can see the bot score, number one, number two, number three, that is the top ranking based on net profit of the actual, and you can see the net profit of these accounts goes down. 

Okay. Now, if you only did say 50%, and then you wanted to do a 50% max drawdown, then again, this will change. So now we're looking at the net profit, it's only 50%, but 50% of the weight's getting put to the max drawdown as well.

So it, it, it changes. Now on the left-hand side, you're going to see a check box and you're going to see some things that are highlighted. Now the highlighted ones are the ones that do not have any correlation. 

So if I was to go into here and just select the ones that are yellow, these are the bots that I can be certain will work with each other without any correlation issues. Okay. So I was able to pick seven bots that don't have any correlation. 

I'm hoping we're going to have a lot more of them once we get more strategies in place, but there's seven bots that have no correlation to them. So now what if I go to this portfolio build and let me just remove this here. Sorry. 

I've got bot one, bot 61, bot 34, 24, 75, 66, and 31. That's what was selected in here based on my 50 50 split. So now what I can do is I can actually go into quant analyzer and you guys have quant analyzer. 

It's all for free. You can use the free version. You don't need the paid version for this. 

And what you'll do is you'd go in and you'd load your strategies. Now you'd have all of these cause they're going to be in a zip file. So you'll have access to all of these. 

So now what you do is you pick all the bots, one, whatever. Let me just find out which ones they are. Move this. 

So we need, we would load and I already have them loaded, but I'm just going to walk through this with you. So you would just select number one, number 61, number 34, number 24, number 75, number 66, and number 31. Okay. 

And then you would hit okay and import it into quant analyzer. Now I already have them imported, so I'm just going to click cancel. I'm going to go to my simple strategies and what I'm going to do is I'm just going to select these and unselect them. 

And what I'm going to do is I'm going to select number one. I'm going to select number 61. I'm going to select number 34, number 24. 

Oh, I don't have 24 in here. I have to load to 24. Okay. 

Load 24 right there. Okay. Continue. 

There we go. Now I have number 24. I should have 24 in here. 

Where is it? Probably at the bottom. Yep. There you are. 

24, 75, and 66, and 31. There we go. Now I'm going to create a portfolio. 

I'm going to scroll down to the bottom because that's where it is. It's right here. So here's that brand new portfolio that I just created. 

And this is the, let me make sure that's the one going to here. Number one, number 24, number 31, number 34, number 61, number 66, and number 75. Okay. 

So those are all the bots. So the overview of this strategy with this combination, with the 50-50 gives me 90,000 in three years. The drawdown is a little higher than I would have liked, but if you have a bigger account, this would work. 

And the average monthly income was $2,048. Okay. So that's basically how that works. 

Now, the thing that I would also double check it just to make sure that I don't have any errors in my math is to make sure that none of these work together. And this one here, for whatever reason, number 31, I have to change this because it starts at four o'clock. And this one starts at seven and it's not registering that it's correlated. 

I don't know why. So I need to fix that. So what I would do is I'd take 31 out of this, just remove it all together, create another portfolio. 

And that's this guy right here. So here's the ones without, without number 31. And that brings the drawdown to 24, but your max profits only 16, 1658. 

So you can take a look at this and you can see what the performance is, and you can build a portfolio and use it that way. And like I said, you can play around with these numbers. Now, the one that I did that I'm currently running actually has a net profit with 41%. 

I did a 41% performance, my max drawdown, I put 34% to it. And I did a PPM, which is the profit per month. I did it as a 25 rank. 

Now this portfolio here, if I open it up, it was $124,667 of profit in three years with a $2,700 drawdown in that three-year period and a $2,833 average monthly income. Okay. So I've said a lot, I've shared a lot so far. 

I'm going to just open this up to questions before I continue. So I stepped in just a little late, Tracy. Is this, does this work with the, how am I trying to say that the funded accounts? Yes. 

Okay. Yeah. So you have to play around, like I said, I've got a whole bunch of strategies in here that, that make less than, like the drawdown is less than, less than 2,200. 

There's a whole whack of strategies that have already been built. Like this one here, it averages $2,945 and it has a drawdown of 20 or 2000. The problem with it is when I look at the actual strategies and I go into the correlation tab, if I take a look at these, like I've got MNQ and MNQ in here twice and MCL and MCL twice and MYM and MYM twice, and they run almost at the same time. 

Now, when you look at the overlapping trades, you can see that this guy right here, which is MGC versus MGC. That one's fine. MGC, MYM, that's fine. 

MCL and MGC, that's fine. MCL, MGC, that's fine. MNQ and MGC, that's fine.

But here we've got this bot here. So MNQ and MNQ, we have 101 overlapping trades. So that's not something that I necessarily want. 

So we need to fine tune some of these to get rid of those overlapping trades. So as we get a bigger sample size of strategies, we'll be able to make bigger portfolios. But like I said, the goal here, this is only using $100 risk per trade.

We're going to be doing some more with $50 per risk, and we're going to be doing some that have $750 of risk and $1,000 worth of risk for some of the bigger accounts to get some bigger portfolios going. So it's just about playing with the numbers and getting the right portfolio mix. Now, it may take using this strategy, it might take two months to get funded on a 50k account. 

But like I said, once you get funded, and you can just consistently bring in a couple thousand dollars a month, over 20 accounts, if you get them all funded, that's life changing money. Absolutely. Right.

So the other thing I'm curious about is so this portfolio, does this this whole portfolio go on one account? Or do you spread it across? One account, one account. Interesting. That's the goal. 

You trade it all. That was going to be my question was like, do I set up an account for each of these or just one account? Okay, sounds good. Yeah, this is the goal is to trade it one account. 

And now here's your equity chart on this, like, this is your equity chart. Almost all of these have an equity chart that looks like this. That is cool.

Right? Every single one of these. So the biggest thing is to deal with the drawdown. And like every single one of these has a has an equity curve that looks very similar to this.

Okay, now if we take a look at the individual strategies, this is the equity curve, equity curve, equity curve, this is just on the individual strategies over three years. These are pretty good. Yeah.

Right. The difference is, like I said, each one of these strategies on their own are only bringing in anywhere from $100 up to maybe $400 a month. That's it.

So really small, small wins. So in all these strategies, they're they're trading at different times of the day, then or? Summer at different times of the day, it's different tickers. Yes. 

And that's going to bring me to the next thing, which is because we made some changes to the bots, which I want to unveil. Okay. But does anybody have any other question about the portfolio and the whole, the whole idea, the concept around this? So how hard is it to add more strategies to it? You know, you have a list of strategies or is the idea not to add more strategies using these strategies? So, so that great question, because I'm actually hoping that I can enlist a couple of you that are comfortable with doing back tests or optimizations to help me, because here is the list of all the different optimizations that I need to run. 

And you see the check marks, those are the only ones that I've done. And this is over three years, correct? This is over three years of data. Yep. 

So you can see all the different, different tests that I want to run. And we're just going to keep building this over time. And then from there, the goal is, is that you won't be the ones that are doing these tests, but we'll have a team that kind of maintains it. 

So your goal will just to, to be to go in and maybe update your zip file once a month to make sure that you have the most recent strategies. And the next thing that you're going to be responsible for is that all of these strategies are going to be saved in whoever's doing the back test in there. It's going to be a PST time because I'm doing, I'm doing most of them.

And when I get them sent to me, I'll be saving them in PST time. So you'll have to update them to your current, your current timeframe. So what you would want to do is once you select a strategy, you're going to want to go in, run it, save it with your time zone. 

And, and then you'll have to use it that way. Run those tests. Does that make sense? You're not going to want to take these and run them at 4am Eastern time because that's, I'm running on Pacific time. 

Gotcha. Okay. Does that answer your question, Pete? Yes, it does. 

Yes. Okay. So the, the goal here is to try and help you guys find working strategies, things that are currently or that are working right now.

But like I said, that, that it's really hard when you're looking at a three month because things change so rapidly. For us to provide you with some kind of settings that are going to work consistently over time. That's not, that's not easy to do with a three month strategy.

That's one way of doing it. And though there are many people here or in our community right now that are finding great success with that. There's others that aren't, and this might be the solution for those that aren't. 

Okay. Plus as a new bot trader, this gives you something to run with right away. Okay. 

Any other questions? And Tracy, the key is to be more patient with these. These are not going to win big quickly. You have to take a longer view when you, when you operationalize, when you run these bots. 

Am I reading that correctly? That's correct. Because you're, you're, you're looking at something that works over time. You're not looking for these great big giant home runs. 

So my goal is to be able to get to a point where we can have 10 or 11 or 12 strategies that work together without conflicting with each other. So that you can bring that monthly average income into that one month pass range. That's the goal right now. 

The best I've got is two months. But like I said, if you can get an account funded and then get another one funded and then get another one funded, and you can get up to 20 accounts funded, even if you're only bringing in a thousand a month on each account, what is that over 20 accounts? That's 20 grand a month. Who would be happy with 20 grand a month? And the great thing about a PA account is that the timer is off. 

You don't have to worry about the 30 day reset or anything. Once you got a PA account, you've got 10 years, 20, 20 years to, for it to make you money. Exactly, exactly. 

So go, go slow with it. And, and like I said, if you get, even if on a 250K account, if you were just to grow at a thousand dollars a month or $2,000 a month, that's it. Once you get over the payment threshold, even if you only took out half of your profits at that point, you left the rest in so that you always stayed profitable. 

Again, it's a, it's a time thing. You just have to get over the goal line so that you can start getting that cashflow. Okay. 

And with the PA, assuming you paid the 100 plus one time fee, there's, there aren't monthly fees. Exactly. There's no monthly fees until, and then 10 years from now you pay a penny. 

So for another 10 years. Yep. Exactly.

Thanks, Matt. Okay. What are your thoughts about this? You like it? I'm excited. 

I think it's great because I, this is something that's been on my mind for a while. In fact, I started to kind of tailor my bots to longer, longer term, you know, backtests, you know, so I've, all of my bots I've backtested or optimized back to the first of the year and kind of made sure that drawdown was, was below the, you know, the max drawdown and that's kind of what I'm running on. And so far it's done, they've done okay. 

Right. So yeah, I think that this is a step in the right direction for sure. That's, that's what I'm hoping. 

So now all of this is automated. This entire spreadsheet is automated. So the only thing that you need to do is set your percentage weighting factor and select which bots you want to go with. 

Now notice again, the ones that aren't, are not correlated have a yellow. Now they're the best one based on the performance, the performance weighting that you've selected. They're the best one. 

Anything after that is, is the duplicate or it conflicts. So this is the best one before it has a conflict. So anything else below that has a conflict. 

And if we go over to here, you can see that this one here overlaps with row 13. So there is an overlap between bot four and bot one. You can see that there's an overlap with bot 13 or row 13 overlap with row 13 overlap with row 16, 19, 13. 

So it points out exactly which one it overlaps with as well. So Tracy, that was going to be the question I asked you is obviously the highlighting changes based on your percentages. Yes. 

And you went to the quant analyzer and you showed us, but I didn't quite understand that part. Like, could you just take that one that it overlapped without? So in the quant analyzer, like the, these prebuilt ones that they've already done, you can't, you can't take them out, but you can manually, like you can go in here and see which ones they have. So if I go to the, if I open up a portfolio and I go to portfolio core correlation, I just hit compute.

Oh, hang on. I'm just not selecting. There we go. 

Oh, I got to go into my portfolio. Sorry. Let's go into here, go into this portfolio. 

I'm going to go to my portfolio correlation and I'm going to compute. Now I know that I've got bot 11, 14, 21, 25, 39, 54, 58, 61, and 66. So what you could do is you could go into here and you could actually select those bots. 

So if I go to bot 11, let me find bot 11. Now these are ranked, so they're not going to be easy to find if we do it this way, but bot 11, I need bot 14, 21, and 25. So bot 14. 

Sorry to make it hard. I wasn't trying to. No, it's all good. 

But my point is like, let's, let's just, I'm just going to randomly select some. Okay. So I'm going to go right here and right here. 

Okay. I'm just going to select these, those bots. Now, unfortunately, if I go to correlation, yeah, it does. 

Okay. So when I go to correlation, the, the bots that are yellowed here, like these strategies, those are the ones that I have selected over here. So if I have it selected, it's going to show up. 

It's going to highlight in the correlation tab as yellow. So now what I can do is I can just follow the yellow. So I've got the yellow along the top and a yellow along the bottom. 

So if I go to this one here, it's black. That's because this is the same strategy as this. So it's, it's just the same strategy. 

So let me go the next one. And that's this guy right here. So we're in, in X and we are in row 42. 

This tells me that I just have a time correlation. There is no index correlation and there's no ticker correlation. So what I've got here is zero one, or the zero is the overlap in time. 

And it could be one, two, three, whatever the time factor is that it's overlapping, but it's an overlap of one. And this is a T1 stands for ticker one. So each one of these will have a different ticker. 

So if it's MNQ, it's ticker one. If it's MNMES, it's ticker two. So this one here has a time overlap and it overlaps with NQ. 

So both the strategies in this column and this column are NQ running at the same time. So it's red. It's a, it's a, this is a correlation you do not want to use because if you, one bot goes short, the other one goes long, it just cancels out your position, does all sorts of wonky things, and it's not what you want. 

These lighter orange ones tells you that it overlaps with time. That's the O1, but then it's I1 that says it's an index overlap. So you're, because a lot of the indexes will work together. 

So it could say I1, or it could say E1, or it could say M1, which stands for energy. So it could be an energy ticker. It could be a metal ticker.

You could be looking at gold, or silver, or copper. So if there's a, if it, if there's a correlation that way, it'll tell you. So this is just telling me there's a time overlap and it's an index, but that's okay. 

So that's less than, that's less than, that's something you can choose to go with. You don't need absolute, completely no correlation. And then right here, where it says just O1, this green, the green tells me that it has no ticker, no index correlation, but it's just a time overlap. 

So it has a possibility of running at the same time as any other bot. So if we look at this row right here, and this column, so that's this guy here, X, and bot number 29. So that has a time overlap. 

That's it. Now if we go down to this one right here, we just have an index overlap. There's no time overlap. 

So it's just two indexes, but no time. So that's, that's, there's no big deal with that. That's free to, free to trade. 

If we look at this one here, again, you've got a time and an index overlap. That's it. So I'm not getting any red overlaps with that particular bot. 

Now I'd have to go along this size, side as well, and just double check to make sure. But I've already built that into the correlation table by, by selecting your bots and using that, this part here. But if you're going to go from one of these pre-built strategies that I will provide you as well from in here, there's a little bit more work that you need to do to make sure that's something you want to run. 

Because like I said, you'd have to double check all the correlation, and then yes, remove the bots. But you don't remove them. What you would do is you'd build a brand new portfolio with the bots that you want to keep. 

Then you would add those and then you'd see how that works. Does that make sense? It does. Thank you. 

Yeah. Okay. Perfect. 

And Miguel, yes, this, this forces people to be patient. Yep. Absolutely. 

Yeah. And I wouldn't say it's a still a set it, forget it because anything can happen, right? You can still, there's, you still have to have a system, but this is going to take a lot of the burden away from the constant backtesting. Or the constant optimization and understanding that just the slow growth is helpful. 

Like you could get 17 consecutive losers that happen in this. You have to be okay with that. The idea though is that in that 17, you still only get like a $2,000 drawdown maximum. 

If, if, because that's historically what it's been showing. So like I said, anything could, could change. But the idea here is that your entire portfolio changing is highly unlikely. 

Maybe one or two bots stop performing really well and we have to just switch them out with something different. We have to build a new portfolio. Okay. 

Does that make sense? All right. Any questions? No more questions. Everyone's got it. 

Okay. All right. So that leads us to the next thing we have introduced and I start my NinjaTrader. 

Just give me one second. Startup NinjaTrader. I did not have it running.

So just type a one in the chat if this is going to be something that you're going to utilize and whether you think this is going to be a game changer for you. Yeah. Okay, cool. 

Next, while my NinjaTrader is loading, if there are any of you that are willing to volunteer your time with me to help me do some of these optimizations, I would like you to direct message me. Now, I don't want people that are fairly new to bot trading. I would like the individuals that are fairly comfortable with the bot trading to, to, to do this. 

Okay. I will be double checking every single strategy that comes, comes through. But I would like, I would like some seasoned bot traders to help me with this. 

All right. All right. So let me share this right here.

We'll just share this one here. Okay. All right. 

Can everybody, is that too big? Can everybody see this? Yep. Yep. Looks good. 

Maybe I'll make this a little bit smaller. Make that bigger. Okay.

I'm going to go to the MegaOrb. We've updated all the bots. Okay. 

And I'll be releasing these sometime this week, but let me just go to the MegaOrb. So what I want to point out here is down in the timing section. So we have the start time, end time, close time. 

This is brand new, this end time. Now, what this does is we now have a start time, which means what time am I going to start looking for a trade? The end time tells me what time am I going to stop looking for a trade? And the close time is the time that I'm going to exit all of my trades. So if I was to run a back test, for example, let me just load, let me just load one of these. 

Let me just load this guy, load MNQ. There we go. And I'm just going to run it. 

There we go. So I just ran this, it starts at 7am my time, it stops looking for a trade at 8.30, and it closes at 10.30. Now, if I go to my analysis page, pretty nice equity curve, right? This is again, three years worth of data. If I go to my half hour per day, you can see that my exit time X is at 10.30. If I look at my entry time, the last entry is at 8.30. Okay, that's pretty cool.

So we've updated all the bots so that we are able to do that. Now, if I was just to run any old test, actually, let me, let me just run this on actually not Saturday, Sunday, let's just run it again and see how this performs. Sorry, hang on, let me go to let me say that this goes to 12.30. And I'm going to run this to 12.30 as well. 

So basically, what I'm doing right now is I'm setting it to run exactly the way they currently do which the end time and the close time are exactly the same. So it just looks for a trade at any point during this this time. So I'm going to run this test. 

And now I'm looking at my half hour per day. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to check my days of the week. Okay, I can see that Wednesday, Thursday are terrible. 

So I'm just going to remove them Wednesday, Thursday, done. The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to look at my exit time. The other week, I'm going to go to my half hour per day, I'm going to look at my exit time. 

Okay, can I improve my exit time? Not really. I get a lot of trades that are that are exiting, I'd lose a lot of profit if I change my exit. But if I look at my entry time, you can see that all this doesn't make sense. 

Why keep all this because I'm actually losing more by holding on or entering more trades after 830. So I'm just going to change this to 830. Okay, so I just changed to 830, I removed all the stuff that wasn't working. 

And my exit time, I'm holding everything still to the end and actually improved my my exit time. Now obviously, the bigger losers are coming from the ones that stop working immediately. So you get in and you're immediately stopped out. 

So there's nothing you can do about that. Because this is a mega orb, you can't change this. But if this was something like the 10 EMA, or the volume bot, or the, or the, or the nr7, I could look at my entry time and my exit time and see if, if I was getting a lot of red in the beginning, I can adjust my start time. 

Because remember, the 10 EMA, the nr7, the volume bot, that's the time it starts looking for a trade. And the end time is when it stops looking for a trade. Where the mega orb, that start time is the candle that it starts on.

It doesn't, it doesn't start looking for a trade later on. So you can't adjust that. If you adjust the start time on that, you completely change the strategy. 

But you can tell it when to stop looking for an entry. Don't enter any more trades after this particular time, because it just isn't good. Alright, and now the other thing is we've also added back the cancel after the five candles to both the mega orb and the mega snapback. 

So now all the bots have the cancel after. Okay, so those are the changes that we've made. We have updated all of the bots. 

So the mega orb, the mega scalper, same thing. Start time, end time, close time. Then we've got the snapback, which has the start time, end time, close time, and the cancel after.

We have the NR7, which also has the start time, end time, close time, cancel after. We have the volume bot, start time, end time, close time, cancel after. So all the bots have been updated. 

And I've been testing them thoroughly. Like I said, over this last little while, I have been building all of these strategies. And anytime I find a problem, we've been dealing with it and handling it. 

And you get a lot of that information when you do a three-year back test. So it's pretty cool, right? And the other thing that I want to point out is, let me stop my share for a second and grab my spreadsheet again. If you look at the spreadsheet, you can see trades. 

So this is how many trades, like there's 677, like this strategy is based on 677, 378. Here's 1,280, 1,250, 1,400, 1,500, 1,200, like much bigger sample sizes. Some of the tests that I know you guys are running are probably 12, 13 trades, maybe 20 trades, maybe 50 trades at the most. 

Right? Okay. Significantly different. All right. 

I've gone over a lot. Some big changes coming. Questions? All righty. 

A lot to take in. It is. But this is really good. 

Yeah. And when we release this, there'll be instructions on what you need to do. And hopefully I'll have time to build some videos as well. 

But this is what it's going to be. And if we take the next couple of sessions on the Mondays or Thursdays, whichever, to go over this again, or to walk people through it one by one, then, you know, it's going to be what it's going to be. Okay. 

So I think it's going to be a game changer. I think it's really cool. And yeah, we'll see. 

But you got to be prepared because a lot of these are like, if you look at the percent profitability, you have to be okay with losing 60 to 70% of the time, sometimes 50, because a lot of the percent profitability, you know, you're down in the 40. You can't get it higher than that. But it's consistent, right? This is taking into three years worth of content, three years worth of market. 

Okay. And the market changes. So taking in that information, yeah, you're going to be lower profitability, but it's all profitable.

Okay. So when the profitability is that low, how do you know when the strategy quit working? Well, so basically, when we run, because we're going to be running the strategies on a monthly basis, just to see and to bring them up to speed. But you're going to see that the curve is no longer performing. 

So we've got the stats on it. So if it's dropping below that 100 average per month, if it's deviating from like, you'll see if the month, the days aren't showing up, because I'm looking at the way that I'm choosing this. If I would choose it again, then it's working. 

If I wouldn't choose it again, it's no longer working. But I'm not going to be changing these once a week. This is something that you need to let run for the month, right? Because you're not going to see a change in a month because some of these might have one month that they don't work. 

But not all of the strategies aren't going to work on the same month. Maybe one of them isn't working this month, but the portfolio is still heading in the right direction. Okay, I see what you're, okay. 

Right? So the portfolio is hopefully carrying, I guess, the account or moving everything upwards, even though you might have one or two strategies that aren't working. Exactly. And that's the point of a portfolio to create that diversification. 

So you've got a mix of tickers, you've got a mix of timeframes, you've got a mix of bots. So different strategies, it's not just make a orb. It's not just snapback.

It's not just one strategy. It's a multitude of different strategies that are working in, in, you know, so maybe this snapback is working really great. And then this week, this the orb is working really good. 

Maybe they're all working really well together. But the idea is that over time, you saw there was drawdown still, but you could see that you had an equity curve that was still going from right to left. And it was almost, almost a line, a straight line.

Yeah. Right. It's about little base hits rather than trying to go home run.

Tracy, was there a reason that you picked three years as a back test? Did you find anything different between the one, two versus three? Well, I don't think one's enough. I was trying to get a decent sample size. Three years seemed I could go back three years. 

It was just more of a, it was arbitrary, to be honest with you. Yeah, it was arbitrary. I think going back more than that, I think three years is a good number to cover a decent, a decent movement in the market. 

It's not all the same. So that's, that's kind of way I picked it was just, let's go back to 2022 and we'll see what happens. That's kind of when things started to stabilize too after the COVID. 

Yeah, this is exciting. Thanks, Tracy. Absolutely. 

Yeah, definitely. So. Okay. 

Awesome. Yeah, you bet, Troy. Absolutely. 

Okay. So awesome. Yes. 

And it has been a huge project. And like I said, I would absolutely love some help with the tests. And, and then once we've got it built, it's all a matter of simply checking it once a month, going through some of these strategies, and just making sure that they're up to date and see if they still work. 

And, and the nice thing is, is they're already, they're numbered, they're very easy to see. And it's just a matter of you run it with the new dates. If it works, then great, we leave it. 

If it doesn't work, then I have a little archive button button. And when I click the archive button, it'll just black out the line and remove it from, from the list. So yeah. 

All right. Okay. If nobody has any other questions, we can call it a night. 

But this is your last chance. So last minute. Matt, do you have any comments that you want to make? No, I just appreciate you putting in all the work on this. 

So thank you. You bet. All right, folks. 

This is awesome. I hope so. Okay. 

So look for the packages to be coming out soon. We'll get them as soon as we can. And this is, like I said, a growing project. 

So there'll be more strategies to come and it'll be a process, a learning process. All right. And those of you who haven't downloaded the, that free software tool, like, yeah, quant analyzer. 

Yeah. Go ahead and download that. I know maybe probably half of you have done that. 

But maybe we can post the link to download that. Yeah, go ahead and download and in preparation for all of this. Yeah. 

Let me actually look for quant analyzer right here. Here we go. And again, we just recommend the free version. 

People have asked about the paid version and the features. I've never really looked at the paid version, but the free version has lots of value and it's safe to say you definitely get your money's worth out of the free version. So I do have the paid version. 

So, and that's where I was able to do that portfolio master thing where I can just run hundreds of different portfolio options based on certain criteria. But I can do that work for you and I'm going to provide some of those portfolios. But like I said, it's limited in what it will do for the correlation part of things. 

So there's a little bit of extra work that we need to do on that end of it. Okay. But you guys can utilize all the free tools.

All right. I put the link in there. So grab the link. 

It's in the Zoom chat. So grab that link. That's how you get to the strategy quant page. 

And you just pick the free version when you download it. I can show you what that looks like right here. So I sent you the link and then you just click on free version and select the free version. 

Okay. All right, folks. You guys have a fantastic day and I will catch you guys later. 

That was good. Thank you, Tracy. Thanks.