All right, so you wanted to know. I'll let you ask your question. Go ahead.

Well, I was wondering how to track like P&L, like for each strategy. Okay. Is there a chart or is there a list for that? So for each strategy, no. 

So what you can do is, like I said, I do this by using a Google Sheet, but I can show you where you can get your information. So if you have a, let's just install a bot here. No, not that. 

I want to go. So let me throw one of these on and let's go to input load and I'll just throw this guy on here. Okay, and then strategy enabled.

Okay, so if you see the strategy here, I have no idea what time frame this should be on. I'm just throwing a strategy on here. This isn't the strategy it was built for, but basically you can see that the strategy is enabled. 

You can see the stop, the entry, and the target, correct? Yes. Okay. So from there, what you can do, if you've got the strategy installed on the chart, you can just simply right click and then go to strategy performance, select the strategy, and then go to either real time or historical. 

Now the real time is only going to keep track of the trades that were actually taken on this particular account. Okay. So if you only took those strategies, let's say that you set it up on one of your funded account accounts. 

If you have that selected, when you right click and go to strategy performance, mega orb, and then hit real time, it will come up and it'll show you any trades that you took real time. Now my dog is getting caught up in all the cords underneath my desk. You can see I never took any trades on this particular account with this strategy, so that's why it's showing zero. 

If you actually did take real trades on that account, it'll show up in here and you're going to have a list. You're going to have all the data that you normally have when you do a back test, but if you go to the trades right here, it'll list all the individual trades that were taken. So you can then take that information and put it into a sheet. 

Now what you can also do is you can simply right click, export, and then export it as a CSV file. And then if you know how to open up a CSV file in Google sheets, you can then copy and paste that into a journal and just keep track of it that way. Does that make sense? Yeah. 

Okay. That's the only real way to do it. I don't like doing it inside of NinjaTrader, so I prefer to just break it out and keep it in my own journal. 

So it depends on whether you want to do that manually or if you want to export it like this and then copy and paste it into a journal and then you can keep track of it that way. It'll all be date stamped. It'll have all that, so then you can sort and do whatever else you want to get as much information as you can from the data that you collected. 

Okay. Does that help you? Yes. On the chart, if you go back to your chart, where it's showing the entry, then the profit, and then the stop loss, how do I get those on my computer? It's just showing me what it bought.

It's got a little arrow and it's got a line to the top. I'm not getting those. Okay. 

So are you installing the bot on the actual chart or did you click on the control panel under strategies, right click, and then go new strategy? Which way did you install it? I don't remember, honestly. Okay. If you click on the control panel, right click, and go new strategy, you will not see this. 

You have to install the strategy directly onto the chart. So when I put a strategy into Ninja to enable it, I should do it through a chart? That's the only way? No, you can do it either way, but the only way you'll get the lines on the chart like this is if you add it to the chart itself. Okay. 

Can you go over that again, please? Yep. So there's two ways to add a strategy. Okay. 

The first way is to, in your control panel, go to strategies, right click, and then select a new strategy, in which case you can then double click on where the folder is, pick the strategy you want. So mega orb, you can load in the template, load, and then let's just pick one of these, and then hit load. It'll automatically load this up. 

It loads everything correctly, exactly the way the template is, and you hit okay. I now have that strategy sitting right here. That's the one minute. 

Okay. And if I enable that, that is enabled on a one minute MNQ, but I don't have a chart associated with it. So I can't see what it's doing. 

I don't know how it's performed other than right clicking, going to strategy performance, and if this remains enabled, if it's never come off of enabled, then you'll see real-time trades. If you do disable it and then re-enable it, you'll lose the real-time data. It resets every time you disable it. 

Okay. So that's the only way you can do it that way. The second way of doing it is opening a chart, making sure the chart is set to the appropriate ticker and the timeframe that you want to use your bot on. 

You right click on the chart, go to strategies, and then add the strategy this way. Go to push button, get the mega orb added, double click on it, select your settings, and then hit okay. When you add it to the chart, and I can see that it's added to the chart because right up here, it shows me mega orb 2.0 is installed. 

Now, if I disable that bot, you're going to see that it's going to have a D that shows up in front of it. So you see that right there? There's a D right in front of there that tells me it's disabled, but I still have the bot installed on this chart. Okay. 

That's the only way you're going to see the lines. Notice the lines disappeared because I disabled the bot. So as soon as I re-enable the bot, those lines will appear and it'll show me the historical performance. 

The little arrow that you see where it gets in and gets out, that is the real actual trademarkers that show up and that's dictated by something else on your chart. That's dictated through clicking right on the chart, going to data series, and then scrolling down to the bottom on the right-hand side where it says plot executions, and you can choose either do not plot markers only or text and markers. So markers only will just give you those arrows. 

So that's two very different things. This shows the historical plotting of the bot, but you have to have the bot installed on the chart. Okay. 

Got it. Perfect. Thank you. 

You bet. You bet. Excellent. 

Good question. All right. Anybody else have any questions that they would like to go over? You guys are all doing great. 

Is everybody... Tracy? Yep. Hey, I don't have a question, but I was supposed to meet you a long time ago, so I just want to say hello. I'm here and I've been preoccupied, but I'll be getting things set up. 

It's very nice to meet you. It's nice to meet you as well. Thank you, Alonzo. 

I'm pretty sure that was Alonzo talking. Is that correct? That was indeed Alonzo. Awesome. 

Yes. Excellent. All right. 

Yep. Go ahead. Okay. 

One thing you asked me in the chat was about running multiple strategies at the same time on one account. Yep. So what's your opinion on that? The only reason that you... Well, first of all, if you are running multiple strategies on an account, then you should be using Quant Analyzer. 

So have you watched the video on how to use the Quant Analyzer yet? No. Okay. So when you're running a strategy, you get a backtest report. 

So if we just right-click on this and go to strategies and... whoops. No, I don't want to do that. I want to go to right-click strategy performance orb and then just hit... whoops. 

Let's do that again. First of all, I'm going to change this data series. I'm going to do 30 days. 

Hit okay. Give that a second to plot out. It's just loading the data. 

Okay. So there we go. We've got some data on here. 

I'm going to right-click. I'm going to go to strategy performance, mega orb, and historical. Okay. 

Now remember, this is just a random. I'm not even on the right time frame. So this is not settings that I would recommend that you use. 

This is just to generate some information. So here's a backtest. Now the backtest, if I take a look at the analysis, this is running on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. 

That's it. Okay. It's just running on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. 

And if I look at my settings, I don't have settings in here. So it's working Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. So the performance that you see on here is based on these particular settings on this particular tick here under these particular conditions. 

Okay. Now if you were to then take another strategy with different settings and you operate it on the same account, you don't know whether or not it's going to have adverse effects to the P&L or if it's going to help the P&L. Okay. 

So for example, this strategy might look, you know, like this on the P&L, right? The other strategy that you have might look like this on the P&L. So you have this one you think is really, really good. You end up putting this guy in there. 

And then you don't know why your overall P&L is kind of like this. It's because every single day you have different trades that are taking place. And when you combine them together, it changes the complete outlook on it. 

Do you understand what I mean? Yep. Yeah. So what Quant Analyzer does is Quant Analyzer allows you to take each one of these back tests, puts it into the system. 

And what it does is it actually takes all the data. So if you go to the trade data, all of this information for both strategies gets input into Quant Analyzer. Quant Analyzer sorts it based on the timestamps. 

It knows exactly when each trade executes. And therefore, it can plot out exactly what happens in real time from the beginning of that strategy to the end of the strategies to see how your overall combined P&L would be. And from there, you can see whether or not you have a really good drawdown, a really bad drawdown, whether you have, whether the criteria meets everything that you're wanting to do.

Okay. Okay. So anytime you are trading multiple strategies, I recommend that you do that using Quant Analyzer. 

It's a free tool. And there's a whole video on it in the course section. So you can watch how to use it. 

But that gives you one portfolio of combined assets to see how it would perform over time. So do you recommend just running one strategy at a time on each account? As far as recommendations are concerned, it's completely up to you. Here's my criteria for deciding. 

My criteria for deciding is really how much time do I have to manage. So if I have multiple strategies on one account, that means that I need to be using Quant Analyzer. That's an extra step in my process. 

That takes more time. Second thing, if I'm running multiple strategies on the same account, that means I have to find multiple strategies to run on the same account. I also have to monitor multiple strategies. 

And I have to do my weekly analysis on multiple strategies to see if they are still meeting their performance. So again, that's more time required. It's much more cumbersome to manage multiple strategies per account than it is to manage one strategy per account. 

Okay. The other thing for the criteria is you need to ask yourself what is your reasons for trading multiple strategies on an account? And if your answer is because you think that you need to have something happening all the time, then that comes from a place of misunderstanding. Let's just put it that way. 

I don't want to be it's not a good place. Less is more sometimes. You don't need to be in the markets all the time.

So if you think that you do, and therefore you're trying to find a bot that's trading at all times of the day, all you're doing is really increasing the risk that you have at any given time. It's fine if you have strategies that are fantastic. Like it's like, I can't pass this up. 

These are really good. These are really good settings, whatever it might be. It's been performing really, really well. 

I really don't want to, I don't want to do that. I don't want to stop it. And I've got a couple of them that are like this. 

But I personally would rather just get another group of funded accounts, evaluations going and trade different strategies in different groups. Okay. Okay. 

The other thing to consider when you are trading multiple strategies is what are you trading them on? Because for instance, if you have MNQ set up to run on Monday, and you also have MES set up to run on Monday, you're basically doing the same thing. So they tend to run together. So if you're running orbs, and then you run another orb, and you found them, they work really good on both of these, and you pick a couple settings, you're just increasing your risk.

That's all you're doing. You're not diversifying, you're not improving anything. If you were running something on say MNQ, and then also running something on MCL, those are completely uncorrelated.

So that makes sense, where you're actually taking multiple trades. Where the other, you're just increasing risk. You're not really, you might as well just double your risk on one of them, and not trade both. 

Okay. Does that make sense? Yep. Yep. 

Okay. Thank you. You bet. 

All right. Does anyone have any other questions? Guys, listen, this is your opportunity to get one-on-one with me. Get questions answered. 

This is, if you're struggling, I really encourage you to be asking those questions right here. It's your opportunity to get some feedback, you know, help you get steered in the right direction if things aren't working for you. That's why I'm here. 

Okay. That's why we have these sessions. Giving you more information, teaching you something more, isn't going to help you anymore. 

So you need to master the things we've already taught you. Right. Tracy, quick question. 

Yes. Yes. I'm trading my first PA account for real. 

Nice. And was successful today. But can you walk me through the 30% rule again? Just, you know, it's based on that first day. 

Yep. So what the 30% consistency rule means is, let's say that you have a 50k account. And let's say that you grow the account up to 53,000.

That means you have $3,000 of profit, right? What is 30% of 3,000? 1,000. Well, not quite. Let's just go 1,000 times 0.3, $900. 

900. Yeah. Okay. 

So $900, that is the 30% rule. That means that you cannot have any days that were traded from the 50k to 53,000 that had a profit greater than $900. Trading day. 

Okay. Okay. Now, if you end up, let's say that you have a day that's 1,000 and you're at 53,000. 

Okay. Then all you need to do is increase that balance so that this is less than 30% of your profit. Okay. 

Do you understand? So if you take it to 4,000, you're less than 30%, right? You're at 25%. Okay. Right. 

So now you can pull from it. You just can't have a trading day that is more than 30% of the profit that you've earned in that account. So obviously, the lower the profit you have in the account, the lower your daily profit can be, which is why a lot of people struggle with this rule because as soon as they get some profit, they want to take it out. 

And that means you have to have pretty consistent days where if you let the account grow a little bit and you have some profit that grows in there, it's much easier to have a little bit of flexibility in your daily gains, right? Which I think you've recommended in the past, leaving 50%, taking 50% just to continue to let grow, correct? Absolutely. That is definitely my advice. Yep. 

Okay. So I always advise you, so if you start with a 50K PA account, I encourage you to grow it up until probably around 75K. Now, during that whole process, your drawdown is going to stop at 50,000.

52,600. Yeah. Is it 52,600? It will not go. 

No, it's once you get to 52,600, your drawdown stops at 50,100. So your drawdown will never go below that level once you get to 52,600. So once you get to 52,600, your drawdown stays there. 

So as you grow the account, you end up with way more available drawdown, which means that you can play with more risk. You can look for strategies that may not, they might have bigger drawdowns, but they perform better over time. There's a few different things that you can do with the accounts then.

So I encourage you to, between here and this, it may be a different number. It may not be 75K. It depends on the timeframe that you trade on a consistent basis. 

It depends on the risk that you're using. The two numbers that you're looking for here is you're trying to get your max risk in the account, and that's going to be limited by your max contracts. So if you start getting up into the higher risk levels on a 50K account, you would be maxing out at four mini contracts. 

I don't necessarily recommend trading 400 micros, or sorry, 100 micros. What is it? I can never remember how many contracts. Yeah, it's 10 minis or 100 micros. 

So the cost for 100 micros for commissions is really, really high. So I encourage you when you start consistently trading over two contracts, that you start looking at the minis, not the micros, just because of the commissions. Not so bad in the evaluation accounts, but when you are actually trading with a funded account, your commissions do matter. 

It's taking into your profits. So from 50 to 75K, what I recommend is every time you get to a level where you want to take some profit, you take 50% only. You leave the other 50% in the account to grow the account. 

And at each one of those levels, so let's say that you go to 50, I would say 54K. And then at that point, the max you could take out is 2K for profit. So that makes you- Tracy, speaking about this- What's that? You said halving the risk when you get a new PA.

When would you full risk? Because it would take quite some time to hit 54,000 with half risk. Yep. So here's my rule. 

So what I do is I do a 10, 20, 30 rule. So what I do is I take the draw down. So let's say on a 50K account, that's 2,500 divided by 20. 

And that gives you $75 in risk, I think. That might be the wrong amount. Hang on. 

I have this automated, so I don't ever look at it. Sorry, it's 125. Okay, so 125 is your risk. 

Yeah, half the risk at the first part, yeah. Right. So instead of a 250, you do 125. 

Now what I do, that's 20. When I get my account up so that I have enough for 30 trades before it hits the draw down, that's when you can increase your risk. So what I would do, once you get to that 30 level, you just take the profit or the amount of draw down that you have available, and you divide it by 20 again. 

So now you're increasing the level. So let's say that you grow the account up to 4,000. So you've got 50,000, you go to 54, that gives you $3,900 worth of draw down. 

So if you take 3,900, divide it by 20 again, you're at $195 of risk, right? 195. And you can keep doing that, and doing that, and doing that until you've maxed out your risk. So that's what I do every time I get enough in there that I have 30 trades left to hit the draw down, then I can increase that risk.

Okay, so basically, if you have it, that's 20 trades, right? When you first start, you half it, and when you hit the threshold, let's just say they had 2,600, you still have only 20 trades left, because the threshold, that's where the draw down plateaus. So it would be, to hit 30 trades, you would have to grow it to, definitely over the threshold. My mind's not that good at math right now, but probably three. 

Well, it's 30 times 125. So when you get to 3,750. Yes, 3,750. 

Yeah, right. That's when you would reset it. Divided by 20, that gives you a new risk. 

So divided by 20, that brings it to 187.50. So that's what your risk would be when you hit this profit level. 187? Yep, 187.50. Right. Okay, that makes a lot of sense.

Yep. And then same going the other way. So if I will reduce my risk, if I end up drawing the count down, so I only have 10 trades left. 

Once I have 10 trades left, so this will go the other way. So when I get down to 1,250, so let's say $1,250 worth, you then divide by 20 again. And what that does is 1,250 divided by 20, that drops your risk down to 6,250. 

Now, if that's too conservative for you, that's the way I like to do it, because I'm quite conservative. You can always do a 5, 10, 15. So you start at 250, increase it when you have 15 trades, and reduce it when you have five trades left. 

Right. That's a more aggressive way of doing it. Right. 

I wouldn't want to blow my PA account, so I'd probably do your way at 30, 20, 10. Yeah. So and you've rarely had a PA account blow on you with that. 

I haven't had a single one blow yet. So but I also manually trade. Really? Yeah. 

Oh, okay. I like to hear that. I will. 

I will do that then. Yeah. So yeah, but I manually trade as well. 

So it's it's, you know, that's just. Right. Yeah. 

I'm very conservative too. I love it. Yeah. 

But that's that's what I encourage people to do. Like I said, if you grow the account, and that's the other thing, I'm not interested in in pulling all the profit. I want to get these accounts maxed out. 

So I'm not waiting as soon as I get, you know, the 50, 52, 7, or I guess 53. I'm not looking at. Yeah, I'm not looking to take out the money. 

So it's it's. Yeah. I want to grow it. 

I want that cushion because I want to run some big strategies. I want to max out these accounts. Right. 

As high as I can get them. And so like I said, the limiting factor is going to be my my max lot size. I got a couple 300k accounts funded. 

So I'm really excited to max that one out. Yeah, exactly. Right. 

Now imagine that with 20 times, right? So yeah, that's that's that's the nice leverage. And the other thing is once you get these accounts up, and it's really hard to blow them if you've left profit in there, it's not hard to blow them when you keep the account balanced down. So that's that's where that cash flow comes in. 

And it's really nice. And then if you separate these into groups, so you have kind of group one, group two, group three that are operating, and you use a different strategy on each group, possibly even different tickers. So like I run the mega orb, I run the 10 EMA, and then I run the mega snap. 

And so one month, you know, this one might be really good, this one might be really good. And this one's not really good. Well, when you have your accounts all kind of staggered, and you don't really have a risk of them blowing because you're, you've got that cushion in there. 

You don't draw from this account, you just draw from this account, and this account, right? And the odds of all of these not working at any time is so low. It's usually not the case, you know, especially the mega orb and the mega snap. Generally, when this one's really working, this one's not really working. 

And when this one's working, this one's not really working. So it really depends on the market. So you wouldn't really run two mega orbs, two different groups, you'd want to get a group or a group of 10 EMAs and a group of snapbacks. 

That's what I do. Yep. But my way is not the only way. 

That's just the way I do it. Right. Hey, but you've been in the game for a bit. 

You want to learn from that. So right, there's more than more than one way to skin a cat. And that's the nice thing about it. 

And you got to do something that makes sense to you. Right. So yeah, thank you.

Thanks. Yeah, you bet. So Tracy, I have a question. 

So you're talking about at some point, the drawdown is what's what I'm trying to say the drawdown. It's capped somewhere. I think you Yeah, only on the PA. 

Only on a PA account. Right? Yeah. Yep. 

It will, it will trail up until you make 52 six. So the drawdown is 2500 plus 100 on any accounts, whatever the drawdown is plus 100 is the cap on any account. So whatever that is, if you know, it'd be 1600 on a fifth 25k account. 

Right? It's 2600 on a 50k account. So once you get to that level, the drawdown, you've grown the account what the drawdown is plus 100. Your your drawdown is locked in at 50,100. 

So as long as you stay above that level, the account will not blow out. And it doesn't matter whether you grow it to 100k 200k or 300k. It does not matter. 

If you grow it to 100k, you've got a $99,900 worth of profit in there. If you grow it to 200, you got $199,900 profit, etc. Okay.

You guys were talking about you and Troy were talking about maxing out an account, you and Solomon. Yeah. What is it? Is there a number on that? Again, it's going to depend on how you trade like the timeframe you're trading because the limiting factor is going to be your max lot size. 

So on an account on a 50k account, the max you can get is 10 minis or 100 micros. So if you have $1,000 risk to get 10 minis, that's $10 worth of risk that you would have available, right? Like a $10 spread in the risk kind of thing. You'd need a stop value of $10. 

Well, it doesn't take long to get that. Let's just say that on a mini, one point, which is $1 is equivalent to $50 worth of risk. Okay. 

So that means that on a, let's just say, let's go 1,000 divided by 50. That's 20 contracts. So if you take 1,000 divided by $50, that equals 20 contracts. 

So if you only had a $1 stop on the, on a mini contract with a thousand dollar risk, it would call for 20 contracts, but you can only get 10. So you'd be, you'd be, you wouldn't be able to get it. You'd be having your risk. 

The max you could use is $500, right? So here, if you were doing consistently a $2 risk on the mini, then with a thousand dollar risk, you're maxing it out at 10 contracts all the time. So that's why I'm saying it depends on what, what you're trading. If you're trading second charts, or if you're trading 15 minute chart, that makes a huge difference because the, the value from the high to the low on a 15 minute chart is much greater than it is on a second chart. 

So in a second chart, it's very possible that you could be hitting a $1 or a $2 stop like distance and price where the, the 15 minute chart, you might have a $30 stop between the, like the, the distance between the entry and the, and the stop. Okay. And so on the one timeframe, you might call for consistently 10 or 20 micros, but, or sorry, 10 or 20 minis, but on the 15 minute chart, it might only call for two or three. 

Do you understand what I mean? Yeah. So when you're talking max, you're talking contracts, not dollars. Yes. 

Yes. All right. Thank you. 

Okay. So basically what will happen is when you, when you check your trades out and you look right here, based on your risk, this is on the micro. So if this is starting to hit that 99, 98, 99 area, then you're maxed out. 

If you're trading on a mini and this is hitting, if this was the mini right here, you can see it'd be four contracts, three contracts. So if you were hitting nine, eight, nine, 10 consistently, you're capping it out. Then you've reached the maximum that your account can handle. 

And there's no point in growing it any higher because you've already maxed it out. You can't get any more contracts. So from that point on, take a hundred percent of your profits. 

Just keep that as your, as your benchmark, that's now to keep it maxed. You've got max risk and max contract size. Does that make sense? Yes.

How about everybody else? You guys can type either. Yeah. It makes sense. 

Okay. You can turn on your mic and say yes, or you can type a one in the chat if it all makes sense to you. Okay. 

Yep. Cool. And that, that becomes stress-free when you're not worrying about the drawdowns. 

That becomes very stress-free. You can, because I can tell you as a manual trader, I've been trading for a very, very long time and I've been very, very profitable throughout the year, throughout a month, throughout a day, whichever, but I've also had, I've had drawdowns. I've had seasons where I'm, I'm, I'm not quite seeing the market. 

The market's not working with me. I get into drawdowns, whatever it might be. So it's normal. 

That is normal. And even the back tests that we run have drawdowns. That's why there's a feature right here in the summary page called drawdown. 

Close that out. There we go. Come on. 

Let's move this over. That's why there's a feature called max drawdown. If the bots didn't experience drawdown, there'd be no, there'd be no, no, there'd be no data point for it, right? It happens. 

It happens whether you're bot trading or whether you're manually trading. When the biggest thing is being able to survive the drawdowns. That is the biggest, the biggest thing. 

So you can take a lot of strategies. Has anybody ever read or heard of the turtle traders? Type a three in the chat if you've heard of the turtle traders. At least one person's heard of it. 

A couple people. Okay. Well, the turtle traders were extremely profitable. 

They were one of the most profitable groups of traders. Basically this, this guy pulled people off the street. It was a nurture versus nature experiment, but does anyone know what their strategy profitability was? Does anyone know what it was? 27%. 

It's 27%. That means that 73% of the time they were losing. They only won 27% of the time. 

And yet they made billions of dollars, billions of dollars. And the reason that they were able to do that is because their, their losses were very, very small, very, very small. And their winners were very, very big. 

Okay. Very big. Now, the reason I'm telling you the story is because when a lot of these guys left and went to go trade their own money, things just fell apart because they couldn't handle the drawdowns. 

And Richard Dennis, the guy that started the whole thing, he also started a hedge fund at some point because a lot of people wanted him to be trading their money. The problem is people like you and I, we, we like the results. We like the profit that shows up here, but we, for some reason, are blind to the drawdown and a 27% accurate or success rate has very big drawdowns. 

Okay. Very long drawdowns like droughts of losses. And you and I, individuals like us, we get all nostalgic about the, the possible abilities of making lots and lots of money, but then in practicality sense, when we go and execute on it and we see that we're in consistent losses, we're on a 70% losing streak at the moment. 

We hate it. We never see the light at the end of the tunnel and we can't handle it. We can't tolerate it. 

Our risk tolerance isn't there. So we pull out. And that's, that's why I'm telling you the story because the biggest success comes from being able to withstand the drawdowns and most strategies over time will be profitable as long as they can withstand the drawdown. 

Okay. As long as they can withstand the drawdown. So now I think even the orb, all right, the orb over time has close to a 50% strategy or like a 50% average. 

Okay. Over time, that's just the way it is. And some months it's going to work really, really well. 

Some months it's going to work really poorly. And if you're winning more than you lose, it's always going to be on a trajectory of being profitable. That's the advantage to it. 

The problem is, like I said, being able to withstand that drawdown and in a funded account, it becomes a problem because there is a rule in place that will knock you out. Your own personal account, if you're trading with that, it becomes harder because you have to stomach through the losses. And it's pretty hard to continue loss after loss after loss until you start heading in the right direction and you catch one of the swings going in the other way. 

And it's just a constant ebb and flow. Your P&L will look something like this. Up and then down and then up and then down. 

And if you catch it during these down parts, that's the part that's hard to stomach. Okay. Hopefully that makes sense.

All right. Any other questions? Gracie, I was just running a strategy analyzer on Megasculper and I got like this message. I did have an issue last week where my bots didn't trigger at all. 

And everything was on, everything was green. And so I decided to reinstall NinjaTrader over the weekend. And now I'm getting this. 

I'm not sure if it's related. No, it's absolutely fine. This is just telling you, this is with the latest update of NinjaTrader.

So what this is telling you is that it's where it's logging things. Now, what you do is if you go into tools, go to settings, and then go to strategies. And if you look right here, this is where that's controlled.

Display warning for ignore all errors, no alert strategies. You can change it from, because the default sending is all the time or always. And so you're going to get it every time you run it. 

Same with the 10 EMA, you're going to get it every time you run it. You can change it to never or you can change it once per strategy. You'll get that message that pops up and then it'll go away. 

Okay. Okay. So it's just trying to tell you that it's going to be logging errors or it's going to show you where those errors are. 

That's all it is. Okay. It's not that it's actually erroring out. 

No, this is just a warning telling you where it's going to be showing you the errors. And if you want to change that, you can, you can, you can modify it. Now, Ninja trader, like I said, with the latest update, I was beta testing the latest update. 

And I told them, first of all, the instructions they sent it are wrong. Like that, first of all, because the instructions say, oh, they've updated it. Nevermind. 

It did say options before it hadn't updated. And then, but there is no Ninja script. It's very, they need to tell you that it's in the strategies tab under Ninja script. 

So they've missed the step. It's really, it took me a long time to figure out where that was. Oh, okay. 

Because I was thinking like, I, I can't run the strategy analyzer anymore. Okay. You're, you're, you're good. 

Yep. Awesome. Yeah. 

I'm having the same thing. So you said tools and then settings. Okay. 

Yeah. Let me go here again. So go to tools, settings, and then on the left hand under categories, select strategies. 

And then under the tab that says Ninja trader or sorry, Ninja script, third one down, it says display warning for ignore all errors. Just change it to once per strategy or to never. Yeah. 

Yep. Okay. Perfect. 

When I do that. Yeah, that was a pain in the butt. So I know. 

Thanks, Jason. You know, I was like freaking out that I can't run anything anymore. Yeah, no, it, it, like I said, it took me a bit to figure it out, but we got it all figured out. 

So now just to remind everybody, cause I did post something in the help center regarding that. So it is in the help center. I've got screenshots and all that kind of stuff. 

So if you guys navigate over to, let me pull this out. So just a reminder in the bot trading community, if you go to the courses slash recordings, scroll down and you're going to see support center support slash help center. If you click on that, you can see that there is a link that will take you to the help center. 

And in there, we've got articles. There's a place for you to submit questions, all of that kind of thing. And I'm working on actually moving this into a different location to make it a little bit more searchable because the way that I've got it right now, it's not search friendly. 

So there might change, but this will always be where you access it. It's just the link that is here might take you somewhere different. That's all. 

Okay. So is that, so just to back up and clarify, cause I have the same issue where last week it never took any trades. And then today I noticed a situation where it was connected but it said it was connected, but there was no data coming across. 

Yeah. And so is that, does that have something to do with the new update then or? No, it's, I don't know why it does that. It just, cause it does it to me sometimes too. 

And that's why one of the things that I always do is I have a timer this time remaining. I always have that on a chart so I can check and see if this is frozen. Cause a lot of times it'll just be stuck. 

It won't be moving at all. Somewhere in the disconnect, when it reconnected, the data is frozen, but it's still saying that it's connected. Ninja trader is just freezing up. 

So I have to disconnect and then reconnect and then it works just fine. It's happened to me a few times. I do everything that I possibly can to avoid it. 

And I find the process that I have on a weekly basis tends to limit that restarting the, the data set every single night definitely helps with that, but it certainly happens. And it, it happens to everybody now. Yep. 

Go ahead. I think I fixed it. Cause I usually get that all the time. 

And Shane Turner actually introduced me to this. He deleted some of the folders in the cache, the DB folder. And I do it. 

Yeah, we do that too, but it still happens. Yeah. Do you do it every night? I don't do it every night. 

I do it once a week. So I do it every night and it never happens to me when, when I leave it, just do it once a week. Sometimes I still get disconnected, but I found that I do it every night. 

It's never, it's never disconnected on me once ever since. Good. Well, there you go. 

So to, to recap what Solomon's talking about here is if you go into your documents folder, go to NinjaTrader8 and then go to the DB folder, and then you're going to delete the cache, the day, the minute, and the tick. So this one, I just delete all of them because it doesn't matter. So, well, I just delete these ones. 

That's the only ones that really matter. And they get rebuilt as soon as you restart NinjaTrader. So these are the ones that I delete. 

NinjaTrader tells you not to delete anything else, but it's fine if you do, because, because you're right. There's nothing really important in here. This is just the data that builds things up. 

So, but those are the four that I delete and I have no issues. So, okay. Now I don't. 

Yeah, for some reason, like last week, two days, it didn't take any trades. And I was like, what is going on? Now, were you on the right contract? Yeah. Yeah, I was. 

I double checked. I was, at first I was like, wait, it looks different because they changed the format. I think, because they used to say like June or something. 

Now it says like, instead of June, it says the numbers for the month. So it's like something changed, I noticed. But yeah, two days, it didn't take any trades on Wednesday and Friday. 

And on Thursday, I didn't activate my bots. So I can't say would have traded or not. Well, because I know that that's, that was my problem last week, because I've, I restarted my, my Ninja Trader and set it up in my VPS on Sunday. 

The rollover happened on Monday. And because I didn't restart Ninja Trader, I totally forgot to roll over. And in fact, what ended up happening is one of the trades didn't trigger at all. 

The other one did trigger on MES, but it was a loser. If I had have rolled over to the, to the current contract, it was a winner. And that's just because of liquidity issues. 

There was, there's no volume on the old contract. So it ended up spiking out, like hitting my stop and then, and then going to the target. So that's my, my bad. 

That's what happened. But with, on what day MNQ updated? Do you know? Because I only trade MNQ. Monday. 

Yeah. Like on Monday, it traded actually, because I restarted in the morning. Yeah. 

It, it, so as long as you, Wednesday and Friday didn't, I don't know why. It says September contracts. I double checked that. 

Okay. Well, I'm not sure then. So now if you, if you want to change that abbreviation, the way that it shows. 

So right now mine says MNQ September 25, you do that right here by going into, let's go into tools. Go to settings. And then under general, you can see that it says symbology display style, month abbreviation. 

There's numeric or exchange. So yours is probably sitting on numeric, just change it to month abbreviation. And then it'll be the September again.

But it used to be one way and now it's like a different way. So I don't know what happened. When you reinstalled or updated, it might've went back to default settings.

Oh, yeah. Okay. So you can just change that. 

Yeah. It says numeric. Yep. 

So just, just update it to monthly if you want. All right. Cool. 

Cool. All right. Anybody else have any other questions? Otherwise I will let you guys all go. 

I'd also like, we had a class. Yep. Go ahead. 

Oh, sorry. We had a class last week on the mega scalper and I was trying to mirror like math settings. And for some reason, like mine would show, well, like it's like a losing strategy when his was positive. 

And I don't know, like if I did something wrong with it, because I just wanted to find at least like one that works so I can just then back test it on maybe like optimize it, but I can't figure it out for some reason. I don't know if it's just like, I don't understand mega scalper or something. You don't understand the mega scalper or you don't understand math settings that were on it? I don't know. 

Both probably. Well, I don't know what settings he's running on it, but I can go over the mega scalper if you like. So it's. 

That'd be awesome. Okay. So if we go into the mega scalper, just make this a little bit bigger. 

All right. So the mega scalper, basically you can trade the days of the week, just like any other bot. There's no difference. 

The risk management is what's different. So first of all, we've got your max risk and your max lot size. That's not no different, but what we have right here are a few different ways of how we want to control how the bot operates.

So we have the typical one that we use is the max trades per day. After so many trades, it'll stop trading. You can turn that on or off with that check mark.

So if you turn that check mark off, it'll take unlimited trades, right? Or you can set this to a different number or you can set it at three. So this check mark is just one way of controlling how the bot is going to take trades, consecutive multiple trades. That's number one. 

The second way is also the max drawdown. Now this is drawdown of profit. Okay. 

So if you set this at a thousand dollars and let's say you have $150 worth of risk, it doesn't mean that you're going to draw the account down to a thousand dollars. Okay. Like below a thousand because that's not what it is.

You actually have to go back. So let's say that a trade, you're in a trade and your trade goes up to $2,000 worth of profit, and then it comes back down a thousand. So now you're a thousand dollars up. 

It's going to automatically exit the trade, lock in a thousand dollars of profit, and then you're done. It's not going to trade anymore for the day. Doesn't matter if you have 20 set here, a hundred set here, 600 set here. 

It doesn't matter. Once it actually draws down your overall P&L, a thousand dollars, then it's going to stop trading. But wouldn't that be also a problem with the Apex intraday drawdown? Would that be a problem? Like if we set it too high? Oh yeah, absolutely.

Yeah. I don't set it at a thousand. I set mine at 200. 

That's what I typically set it up. So 200, maybe $300. But if you're on a bigger account or if you're trading this with a lot of profit already into your account because you're on a PA account, then you're not worried about drawdown. 

You might be using a thousand dollar R on some of these accounts. So in that case, you're basically just locking in an R if you give back an R. So you set it to whatever you want, but that's one of those features. I, like I said, set it at 200, anywhere between 200 and 300.

That's what I typically, because I like it as a scalper, which means I want to scalp. I don't want to give back a lot of profit anyway. So that's the idea around that. 

Now you can turn that on and off as well. So there's the check mark. So if you don't want to use the drawdown, just uncheck it.

Okay. And then we'll just operate the way that it is. Now, same with profit taker. 

You can turn it off. You can have this set to go for unlimited profit. You're just going for trailing out. 

So it's either hitting max trades per day, but you need to have that drawdown set. So every trade will either hit a stop or the max drawdown if you uncheck the profit. Okay. 

So that's kind of how that works. If you have the profit taker checked, then it's going to go for the profit. It's also going to have, so it's either going to hit the profit, it's going to hit the drawdown or it's going to hit the stop. 

One of those things are going to take it out of a trade. But if you don't have a profit taker, would it hit? What would it hit, I guess? Your stop, because your drawdown. You'd get trailed out of every trade. 

Okay. So it would be recommended to have a profit taker? Well, not necessarily, because if you want it to keep going and take out whatever profit, you just want it to trail out. So that means, because there's also a trailing and it starts immediately. 

So if you had this set to say a hundred dollars, okay, the trail, and you had this set to 200, this is never going to trigger. It's never going to trigger because, sorry, it will trigger. It just won't trigger in a single trade because you're constantly getting trailed out at a hundred dollars or sorry, at a hundred ticks. 

So if you're constantly getting trailed out before you can give back the full amount, then the only way that this is going to trigger is if you have, let's say you lose a hundred dollars or not lose, but you drew down a hundred dollars. So you went up $200 and you closed the trade at a hundred dollars. Then the next trade, because you're up a hundred dollars in profit, the next trade, immediately it starts to lose and you go down back to zero. 

Okay. Because you lose a hundred dollars of profit. As soon as you hit zero, it's going to automatically close you out of the trade because you just because of that $200 of profit. 

Yep. Because it combines basically the trades. Yeah. 

So it'll never give back more than $200 worth of profit. It's like once you've made $200, it's never, it doesn't want to give back. So you'll never go from $200 to negative.

Right. That's why I like that feature. I think it's really cool. 

And then of course, you've got your trailing distance. This starts immediately. The trail distance starts immediately. 

So as soon as the trade is in, it's going to start trailing right away. So there is no trailing start time. It just starts immediately. 

Now this spot markets in and markets out. It does not use limit orders. So it's not using stop limit orders. 

It is marketing you in at a signal and it's marketing you out of the signal. So you need to make sure. Of the start time, right? Well, no, it's based on a signal. 

So this is the start time of when it's looking. It's looking for an S curve. So all the moving averages need to be aiming up or down. 

And then basically it makes a new high and then a new low, and then it'll market you in. So as soon as it does one of these, it markets you into the trade. So it's looking for a trend and it's looking for the S curve. 

And when it trends you in or gets you in, it's immediately starting to trail with you and it'll get you out. So ideally this works really good when the market is trending. Ideally, I would like to have this bot so that we can just turn it on and off.

We just see that it's trending, you turn it on. Like you'd be monitoring it. You just turn it on, let it take the trend, turn it off as soon as the trend is done.

Right. That's the way that I would like to use this bot personally. So, but anyway, like I said, it trails. 

So there's multiple different ways that it can get you out of a trade. And like I said, it's pretty cool. So those are the things that I play around with.

I don't optimize this drawdown. I just, like I said, I hard-coded at 200 or I hard-coded at 300. My max trades per day, I usually set to 20. 

It doesn't take 20. It usually takes three, four, five, because again, it's using the max drawdown to dictate whether or not it's going to stop trading. Okay. 

The profit taker, I optimize. The start time, I do not. So I start this usually about an hour before the market opens, because that's usually when volatility picks up and I stop it usually before lunch. 

So that would be maybe 1130 Eastern. Sometimes 1030 is even better. So this is going to be really nice when the market's again, trending. 

The trail distance, I optimize this between 50 and 500 ticks. That's what I do. I don't optimize any of these.

I just leave them as is. And that's pretty much it. So if I was to tell you what I optimize again, just to recap, hang on, sorry. 

I optimize the profit taker and the trailing drawdown. Those are the only two things that I actually optimize for. Everything else is hard coded. 

Makes it really quick. Basically, I assume there's a video on this mega scalper. Yep. 

Inside of the bot trading community. So if you go to the, where is that? So if we go back into the bot trading community under downloads, bot downloads right here, every single one of these downloads has the video associated with it and the bot. So you can watch every single one of these. 

So you find that in the bot trading community under course recordings under bot downloads, click on it. Every single one of the bots are here. All of them are here. 

And then there is a walkthrough video with each one of them. Okay. So wherever the zip file is, you also have the walkthrough of it.

And what are your favorite instruments to use on mega scalper? High volume ones. So MNQ. Okay. 

MNQ, MES depends on the type of time of day and the volume. So those are my favorites. And it's a small timeframes, right? Because it's a scalper. 

Yeah, it's going to be trending. So if it's trending, it's got to be trending. And so right now we're more of a consolidation in the bigger timeframe. 

So the trends are happening in the smaller timeframes. They're not happening in the bigger ones. Right? Like if you tried to do this on a 30 minute chart right now, it's not going to work very good because we're consolidating. 

So you're not getting the S curves on the 30 minute. You are on a one minute. Right? Okay. 

Thank you. You bet. Super helpful.

Awesome. All right. Okay. 

Well, folks, I'm going to let you go. That was an hour. I did want to say though, that I want to remind everybody, we have a second class every week. 

It is the backtest breakdown. They are on Thursdays. You will find all of our live sessions sitting right in this area here under live sessions. 

You can see on June 26, we have a backtest breakdown session. Bring your backtests. We'll go through them. 

We'll take a look at them. We'll take a look at the settings. We'll talk about them. 

We'll, um, or the, the results we'll talk about them. And, uh, I encourage you to take advantage of these. We have not had a lot of people show up to these classes. 

So if we continue to have nobody show up to them, we're just going to cancel them. We're not going to offer them anymore. So, um, if you guys want to take that opportunity, like I said, get some one-on-one coaching even because we're there. 

Right. I think Svetlana, you and I spent an hour last, last Thursday by ourselves because no one was, no one showed up. So it's, um, you know, take advantage of that, show up, ask those questions. 

And like I said, we're providing these live sessions for you guys. And if you aren't showing up and asking the questions, we're going to assume that everything's hunky-dory and you're doing great. Right. 

So it's pretty hard for us to help if you don't show up. Alrighty. Okay. 

You guys have a great night. Hopefully this was helpful and we'll talk to you on Thursday. Take care. 

Thank you.