All right, so I am covering the session today and there's a few things that I want to go over, but what we'll do first of all is start out with any pertinent questions. So is there anything that you guys are stuck on that you need questions answered or help with? We'll start that way. No? All right, you guys are all good here. 

Okay, perfect. Okay, so then the first thing that I want to cover is the NR7, the 10 EMA, and the VolumeBot. All three of those recently got updated with the start offset. 

Okay, so there is a misunderstanding with the developer of what that meant, the candle offset or the start offset. And so what they thought it did was here's your trigger candle, let's offset so many candles before it takes a trade. And that's where some of the like 10 EMA, things like that weren't showing up quite right. 

So that's been fixed. Now it actually offsets the time when it actually starts looking for a trade. And so just be aware that all three of those bots have been updated and fixed. 

They are all available in the links section or in Trading Automation with Tracy or Trading Automation with Matt in the mentorship groups. So you can get those, make sure that you download them, update the bots so they are working correctly, and then run any back tests that you currently have with those settings to make sure that it's still working with your current settings. Okay, that should be a habit that you do with any the bots going forward. 

All right. Okay, well, we got a whole big room. Now who is the gym guys with AZ? Who's that? Who's that? So I know who you are. 

Jesse. Hey, Jesse, how are you? Cool. All right.

Peter, how are you? Okay. All right. So the next thing that I want to do is I want to go over this back testing or back push button optimization team thing. 

How many people have signed up for it? I see pretty much everybody. Corey, I don't think you've signed up for it, but I think everybody else in here has. So that is very cool. 

So I want to go over how this works. So I'm going to share my screen and let's go right here. And if we just go to the group rules, first of all. 

So now we've tried doing the back testing submission before. And what we found was, you know, one or two people would submit some results and that would be the end of it. And nobody else was contributing. 

We were just, there was just people that were pulling it off. So what we've done is we've decided to gamify it to some degree. And if you register, I'll sign you up so you have access to this. 

And the rules are simple. You just need to put in one back test every single month. You need to submit to maintain your right to stay in this group. 

That's rule number one. Rule number two is that you must be in a mentorship currently with either Matt or myself regarding the bot automation. The goal of the whole program is for us to kind of work together to get more back test results that we could potentially be using on a regular basis. 

So it takes a long time as an individual to run all the optimizations, find some good settings, and do that. So if we can work as a team, come up with some different ideas, that can cut down some of the workload. That's one option or one benefit of doing this. 

The second benefit is there are ideas, the ways that you think, the way that I think, it's all different. And when we start presenting some of these ideas, we come up with some great opportunities that we would never have thought of on our own. For example, I was with one of my students the other day, and this is kind of what spurred the spurred this whole thing. 

And he had optimized over a two hour period. That's it. And I was thinking, that's great. 

That's beautiful. I've never even thought to do that. And, you know, him and I both ran the settings that we were talking about this morning. 

And both of us won, you know, 1500 bucks in less than two hours, I think it was. And that was just two snapback trades that hit the target immediately. And it just, it's a, like I said, it was a team effort.

And so when we post our findings, it gives an opportunity for other people to start to view how we look at things and open up the creativity. Okay. The third thing is if you are brand new, and you might be struggling to find a lot of settings or find some settings that are working for you, this is your way of seeing what other people are doing and getting more familiar with it faster. 

So that's my take on it. Now, there are some optimization rules that we are expecting to optimize over the last 90 days, give or take a few days, obviously, we are looking for profit factor greater than two, max drawdown is less than four times your net profit. And the profitability thresholds based on profit target levels are as listed below. 

And I do have that listed above, there was a picture I forgot to put in here. So I'll add it in here. But it is in the community. 

So if we look in the community, in the room, so the bot optimization team, if you click on to submit back to us, that's the form, where's the rules, group rules right here. Okay, I thought I had it in here. Well, I will post it because I thought it was in here. 

And it doesn't look like it is. So I know that it is in the grab this here. It's definitely in here, right there. 

So the profit factor for a profit factor of 1.2, you're looking for a profitability of a minimum of 70%, 1.5, 64.6, 2%, etc, etc. So following these guidelines, that kind of gives you an idea of what profitable profitability requirement we're looking for. Okay.

Your back test will obviously be done in your own local time. But what I do want you to do is in the form, I want you to submit or do a conversion into Eastern Time so that we have a standard time that everybody can reference. And that way, when you download the settings, you can just change to your local time and it should work. 

They should be able to get it the same way. Okay, any questions so far? No, very straightforward. Okay, submissions are due within the last three days of each month, you can submit them earlier or not. 

Now we do have a leaderboard. And in this leaderboard, you're going to see an inactive subject removal. So if by the end of the month, you're below this line, then there's a good chance you're going to get removed from the group. 

Now, there's obviously some grace period here. If there's something serious going on in your life, whatever it might be, then you need to reach out to myself or Matt and let us know. So that we don't just inadvertently take you off the list. 

If you're brand new, and you're really struggling, there'll be a little bit of a grace period as well. But we know who you are. So it's, it's one of those things. 

But that's, that's the goal here is to try and get above this, this black line right here and get above it get into the green before the end of the month so that you can maintain your status within the back testing area. Now, there's three tabs. Within here, there's the group rules, the leaderboard and the back tests.

Now on the back tests, you don't actually put anything in here, what you do is you go up to the submit new back test. And there is a form. And you click on the form. 

And that's going to take you to this little thing here. And you'll have to put in your email, your name, and your name is already in here, you have to select what your name is. What bought you used the risk you use the instrument that you tested it on the profit target. 

So two or three or whatever you're going for. And then here, I want you to put in your optimization time, the start time and the close time. Okay, so in Eastern time. 

And then of course, your back test range, this is the start and the end of the over the last 90 days. What is the profit factor? So just some little things that people can glance at to know whether or not they want to look at this even further. What is your percent profitability? Just answer it down here. 

And the max drawdown, again, and then net profit. Did you run this personally on your system? I want to know that. And then right here, this is where you're going to download or upload, I should say, the back test template. 

And I've given you a little guide of how you find it. So you go to documents, the NinjaTrader 8 templates, strategies, and then you open up the appropriate folder. Now, if I just share my screen for a second, I'll instead of the window, grab this. 

And if I bring in right here, so this is what you'll do, go to documents, you'll go down to NinjaTrader 8. And then you'll go to templates. And inside the templates, you'll find strategy right here. So click on strategy. 

And then you'll see all the different bots that you have. And you just open up the folder. And there's all the templates, you can just select one, controls, and then upload it. 

So if you follow this add file, you would then navigate to that particular go to browse, navigate to your documents folder, then go to NinjaTrader 8, templates, strategy, and then the bot that you want, select whichever one. So let's say this one here, and then you would click open, and that would upload it to, to here. Okay, then complete the days, days run. 

Again, this is just a quick little filter. So people can look at the spreadsheet going, I'm looking for Thursday only, they can see if there's any Thursday only, or maybe they're looking for something that's just Monday, Wednesday, Friday, whatever it might be. But this is just a quick filter to help them. 

Now, in the notes section, if you want to throw any of your observations, make any notes about what you were thinking or concerns that you might have about it. And as well, please add the version of the bot that you were testing on, just in case there's any issues with what you were, what you were referring to. All right. 

When you do that, that will automatically get uploaded into this section right here. And as you can see, you can see who submitted it, what the bot is, what the risk was being used, the profit target, you can get all this information right from here. So it's, it enables you to filter it. 

Now, this is only going to show you for April. So once we get past the 15th of the month, it'll automatically change to May. So anything that's going, running after the 15th, after what that we submit will be for May, it won't be for April anymore. 

So the ones that are from April will disappear. This is all automated. And so if you want something beforehand, I'd grab it. 

And because it will disappear come the 15th of April. When you get into this, like, let's say that, you know what, I really like the Mega Orb by Dr. Joe here. I like it, looks good. 

I want to take a look at it a little bit further. Then all you would do is click on this link right here. And from there, you're going to have to not open it, but you're going to download it. 

So you're just going to click Download. And that shouldn't have been an XML file. So we don't want the XML file, we want the we want the actual zip file. 

Okay, so let me see if this one here is a zip file. Nope, that's an XML as well. So all of these need to be uploaded, I need you guys to upload the the the zip file, okay, not the XML. 

Okay, so if you guys want to send me the zip file, I can modify this for you. But I need that we need that zip file. Okay. 

So each one of these. So again, if we go into this form, let me just put in one here. So let's go and I'll do this guy here. 

TraderAid, templates, strategy, do the 10 EMA, and I'm going to do this guy right here. Okay, and then I just want to, I don't remember which one this is. April GC, let me go back into there.

I just need that file name. Tracy, I just navigated to that folder and they're all XML. I know whoever uploaded them, they all uploaded the XML file instead of the X instead of the zip file. 

I'm going to show you. But I mean like mine are all XML too in that folder. Are they? Yeah. 

Yeah, they're not zips, they're XML. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, never mind, never mind, that's correct. Then yeah, so just download it. 

Sorry, just download it. Go into here, go download. So let me go here. 

Let me download it. Download anyway. And then what you're going to want to do is you're going to navigate over to documents. 

Go to NinjaTrader 8 right here. NinjaTrader 8, again, templates, then strategies, go to MegaOrb. And then I'm just going to add in right at the beginning of this file. 

It's already says Dr. Joe, so I'm just going to save that. And then what we'll do is from there I'm going to jump into my strategy analyzer. So I should have one up already right there. 

Now if I go into backtest and go to MegaOrb and then I can go into load and I'm looking for the one that says Dr. Joe. And that one is right here. So there's the Dr. Joe. 

It's an MNQ and it is, let's see, load. MNQ. And then the time was 10 to 3.58. So I need to go three hours. 

So seven to 12.58. So seven because I'm three hours earlier. 12.58. And then I can run this. Okay. 

And that was on a what minute time frame? Because it just changed the time on the template load. I don't know what time frame was that, Joe? 30 minute. Run. 

Okay. So here's the results on the 30 minute. So I can then look at this a little bit further and decide whether or not this is something that I wanted to go with. 

It's a Tuesday, Thursday, Friday. I've got all the settings. I can then update it, save it in my own time frame. 

So if I wanted to just, like I said, save this, I can go save. Save it as Dr. Joe's again, but now it'll save it with my time frame. And I'm just going to hit save. 

And yes. So I've just replaced it with my current updated time frame. But now I have this and I can go into my analysis. 

I can look at the days of the week. I can then check and see what does the monthly look like? I can see March hasn't been doing too good. That's okay. 

And I can, um, I can jump into the trades as well and take a look at the trades and make sure there's nothing extraordinary. See if it meets my criteria. And from there I can decide whether or not I want to, um, I want to, to go. 

Now I'm noticing right off the bat that a lot of these are exit on close time. That's not really, those are wildcard trades. So it's not, not, not particularly something that I personally would run. 

Um, but I leave that all up to you. Okay. Um, the other thing that I'm noticing right now is that there's a lot of these that are one quantity, uh, which means that, uh, you, your risk is too small for the timeframe that you're currently using on MNQ.

And MNQ has a high volatility. And the way that you can map or manage the position side is size is to either increase your risk or decrease the timeframe that you're trading on. And a 30 minute on MNQ is just not enough for the $250 risk, which is why you're maxing or minimizing your, you're getting one trade. 

Now, what I mean by that is that on some of these trades, if we're going for three R with two 50, that's seven 50 of risk. And that's fine, but you're probably some of these you're hitting that seven 50, but there's a risk that what's happening is your stop. Cause all of these bots are not going to let you risk more than what you can. 

So what ends up happening is if the mathematical calculation says that you should only get a trade, let me take a look at the chart here. It's better to show it. Uh, let's look for one. 

Let's see if there's a big, big guy here. Well, let's just do this. Okay. 

So the calculation for risk basically takes the candle size. So whatever the range is, the candle size, and then add the stop loss padding and the entry padding. So in this case, you would take the range plus the 10 ticks and that will give you a full range. 

Okay. On MNQ. Now the range in MNQ would be, that would be in points. 

So let's see, uh, somebody have a calculator. I'll give you the, um, the high and the low. Okay. 

So the high of this candle is 2, 2, 2, 8, 2.25. And you're going to subtract 2, 2, 2, 0, 4.25. What is that amount? I got 78. 78. Okay. 

So 78 plus, uh, you're going to do 10 ticks, which is, um, 78. So that's two and a half. So 78, 80, 80.5 ticks. 

Okay. Or sorry, 80.5 points. That's the range. 

Now each point in NQ or MNQ is worth $20. So you take 80.5 and multiply it by 20. What do you get? That's $1,610 of risk. 

Okay. So between the stop and this entry, you have $1,610 of risk inside of that particular candle. So what's going to happen if you only have $250 of risk, then immediately, as soon as you get triggered into this trade, the stop is going to go from here all the way down to about here is what it's going to do so that you only have $750 worth of risk.

Does that make sense? Yeah. Because, because otherwise what it's saying is if you had $1,610 of risk, now divide that by 250 or sorry, take 250 and divide it by 1,610. That means you can only get 0.15 contracts. 

And because we can't do that in futures, you'd automatically get filled with one and the position would automatically squish together so that you only had 700 or sorry, $250 worth of risk. Okay. So you don't want, you don't want results that have a lot of ones in them, because that means your risk is too small. 

And you don't want a lot of maxed out where you have 40 contracts either. Because that's, that means you're hitting, you're not using it, you're using too high of a risk. Does that make sense to everybody? What I just explained? Yes, no? Yes. 

Yes. Yeah. Okay. 

Okay. Sorry, Dr. Joe, I didn't mean to pick on you there. It, it, that's, it's just, it was actually a really good example. 

And I didn't know that before I downloaded it. So okay. I appreciate it. 

Okay. Let's go into here. All right. 

So if we go back to here, like I said, the goal is for you to upload, and then you just download the results. And then you can go from there. And you can go through your whole analysis. 

Now it is your responsibility to run the test. And ideally, you want to see if you get the similar results. So we can see that 3089.51 was the was the result was the net profit. 

And that's exactly what I got. Okay, so I know that I've, I've got the correct time frame, I've done everything correctly, I've matched it. And this is a really good practice for those that are brand new to the bot trading as well. 

Because you have an opportunity to make sure that you're doing it correctly, putting in the right time, and making sure that you're duplicating the results that somebody else has already provided. Okay. From there, the other part that's in here is, at the end of every week, when you're doing your, your parallel testing, if you would like to jump over to the four results week 12345. 

So I've put five weeks in here for the month. But at the end, when you're actually doing your, your parallel testing, if you want to jump here and put the profit that that that particular strategy got over the last week, then what that's going to do is we've got on the other leaderboard, we have performance leaderboard. So this is basically all of the strategies that you've put, submitted, how have they been performing, and it calculates it based on our not dollar value. 

And because the R is going to be, it's going to make a balanced playing field, because some of these back tests are using a $750 risk, some are using $150 risk. So performance, we, we basically bring it down to an R level, so that you're comparing apples to apples. Okay, so it's a little bit of gamify. 

It's meant to be fun. But at the same time, you're also going to be able to see kind of which strategies are working really well, as well. And that that can be beneficial going forward as well. 

Make sense? All right, any questions? This is awesome. I appreciate you putting this together. Yes, thank you for doing this. 

It's pretty cool. I'm looking forward to it. I think it's gonna be fun. 

Yeah, it's gonna be fun. Now, if there's anything in here that you feel would be better done in a different way, or if you need something that would make things easier for you to make the quicker determination of which one you want to run, then please let me know. But I mean, most of this is all automated. 

So I don't have to do a lot of work in it. It's just a matter of us maintaining it. That's it. 

Tracy, can you tell me how to get the template? I don't know that there is a template, but I tried to open it and it didn't work for me. Okay, so to get these templates here, you see? No, no. No, I mean to the form. 

Yeah, that one. This one here, go into the form. Right here, just click on the form.

And you'll be taken here. Did you did you find it? No, let me see. Tracy, can you add me to that group too? I can. 

Thank you. I'll do it after, Svetlana. Okay. 

Okay, I see that you all love some Google Sheets. That's the one that I have to open? So where are you right now? Are you in the community? Yes, the community optimization team. Yeah, yep. 

So if you go here, go to links and access, and then there's the Google Sheet, which we're just looking at, which you can click on if you want. And in the Google Sheet, go to back tests. And then there's the submit new back test link right up here underneath month run where it says April.

The thing is that I opened the sheet. I only see the rules, group rules, nothing else. So there's no tabs along the bottom? On the leaderboards and back test. 

Okay. Okay. Okay. 

Perfect. Okay. Yeah. 

Yeah. Submit new back test. Perfect. 

Okay. Yep. Thank you.

Yep, you bet. Okay, perfect. Anyone? Anyone else? Is there, if there's anyone else that wants to be added to this group that hasn't been added yet, please send me a direct message and I will add you to the group.

Can I ask a newbie question? Yes, of course. What does, what does PF mean? Profit factor. Okay. 

Thank you. Yeah, you bet. So you'll see that on your optimization. 

So if you look at, and let me grab it here. Let's see, where is he? So the strategy analyzer, when you're using it, you're going to see profit factor right here. That's this number right there.

Okay. Thank you. You bet. 

Okay. All right. Anybody else have any questions? Okay. 

Well, that's it for this part. Is there any, anything else that you guys are struggling with or would you like me to cover right now? Otherwise we'll call it a night. Tracy, I have a couple of questions. 

The first one is I upgraded my bots to want like mega orb to 1.7, but for some reason it still shows 1.5 on, under strategies. I don't know if there's something I need to do or do I need to do anything about it? Okay. So first of all, when you look at the, if you look at the bot and are you talking in a back test or are you talking when you load the bot? When I load the bot.

Okay. So let me just get rid of it. Here it's showing correctly, but it's not showing correctly under strategy tab.

Right. So if we go into strategies and I'm just going to open up a strategy, go to the push button and add a bot. So which you said mega orb. 

So if I click on mega orb, the mega orb, does it say 1.7 up here? Let's see. Wait, how did you get to that part? Or is it just to add new strategy on the chart? I usually don't load it from chart, but let's see. Okay. 

That's fine. Then we'll just do it from the control panel. So, so right click, go to strategies first. 

So go new strategy. And when you open up the push button thing, do you see 1.7 right here? 1.7. Says that. Okay. 

And then when you click on it, are you seeing 1.7 down here? Oh no, actually it says 1.5 still right there. Okay. So this is because you have a template built in. 

So if you just change it to 1.7 and then save as your default template, it will update it. But what I found is when you, when you install a new bot, so the process should be this. If you go to tools, go to remove ninja script assembly, find the bot that you want to remove. 

So let's say it's the mega orb, then click remove. It'll remove it, then close it, then restart NinjaTrader completely. And when we start it, then you go ahead and install the new bot. 

So you go back to tools, import ninja script add-on, install the new bot, then close NinjaTrader again. So you get uninstall, close, install, close. And when you do that, you don't have those issues with the templates anymore.

Okay. Maybe that's what I didn't do. Maybe I didn't close it.

But when you see the name, if you go in here and you go to tools and you remove ninja script assembly, you're going to see the current version that you have. And this is the correct version. What you see when you install it this way, and you go to new strategy, if you're seeing something different down here where it says label, that's just coming from a template. 

Yeah. I was using the template from 1.5, but then I couldn't figure out how to update that. Yeah. 

So the other thing you can do is you go to template and you can go to reset. Okay. And then how does it automatically update the ticker to the new months? Like today I noticed some of my bots didn't trigger because they were still set to March, whereas there's a new one for June. 

And I was like, wait, why is it still says March? But some of them said June. How often are you restarting NinjaTrader? Every day before I run it. Yeah. 

And for some reason it didn't auto update on the templates. Okay. So it didn't give you the information to auto update.

It did. That's the thing. I usually say yes to update it to the new time frame.

Yeah. But it didn't update my templates because my strategies were already loaded from the day prior, even though I restarted NinjaTrader. So I don't know, why is it not auto updating? And I noticed that a couple of times, so I want to make sure I do it correctly the next time.

It should be. I'm not sure why it didn't auto. If you got the box that came up that tells you that this needs to roll over, it should do it. 

If you ever want to do it manually, go into tools, go to database management, and you've got a pullover right here. And you can see all the instruments that need to be rolled over. And then what you'll do is just click roll over and then hit yes, and it will roll over everything. 

So I'm not sure why these aren't rolling over, but I want to roll them over again. It's not rolling over. I don't know why.

I don't know. Yeah, like one of my blocks was using the June, what are you, what do you call that instrument? Yeah. And the other ones were using March, so they didn't trigger. 

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I totally get it. And it's happened to me times when I forget to check and make sure. 

One of the things, if you go into the NinjaTrader 8 training, there's a video that I did on the market analyzer. And I would recommend that you build the market analyzer that I did there, because it actually puts in the rollover, how many days you have to roll over for each of the contracts. And create your watch list of the things that you do look at and just make that part of your process of looking there and going, okay, well, this only has, it's rolling over tomorrow. 

So you have a manual process to just check and see and make sure that you've rolled over to the correct contract. Okay. Okay.

Tracy, I have a question. That's one. Is anybody here using the training stop? Because I see there is the option, but nobody talks too much about it. 

Which one? The training stop. The training stop. I use it all the time. 

On which, which bot though? I only have the ORB and the snapback. What could be the record? So the bots that have the trailing stop or the mega orb, the mega snap, which other ones? The 10 EMA. Let me see here. 

The NR7. Let me just see here. 10 EMA has a trailing stop. 

The mega orb has a trailing stop. This one's going to be new and it's going to definitely have a trailing stop. The snapback has a trailing stop. 

NR7 has a trailing stop, I believe. Yep. Trailing stop. 

My question is how to set it up, for example, for the ORB or the snapback. Okay. So for the mega orb? Yes. 

Okay. So here's the mega orb. And basically what you've got here is you've got this one, you just have to turn it on. 

So where is it here? It's going to be using the 10. This one's a little bit different than the other ones. So this is an ATR period and an ATR multiplier. 

So what that does is if we have an ATR period of 10, then ATR stands for average true range. And what it's doing is looking at the last 10 candles, finding out what the range is, and the range is the difference between the high and the low. So it's the number of points between the high and the low, taking all 10 of those ranges and then averaging it over 10 candles. 

That gives you an average range. Then the multiplier multiplies that by 3 in this case. So let's say you have a range of 25 points and a multiplier of 3. That means you have a 75 point range, which means that here's your entry.

Okay. And as this moves away, once it, and here's your stop, imagine a tether being attached to the stop in here. And the tether is 75 ticks or 75 points, I should say, in length. 

So as the price moves away from the entry, it's going to tighten that tether. And once it's 75 points, it's going to start dragging the stop with it. Okay. 

And if it goes back, the tether just loosens up. It doesn't move the stop back. It just continues to drag it. 

The stop will always stay 75 ticks away from where price is. Does that make sense? Yeah, sure. But what about the, okay, those numbers 10 and 3, it's going to be the same always? Or it has to be, they are related to the profit factor? No, these are related to the, this is just related to the trailing stop.

So the ATR, like I said, if I look at my chart right here, because I actually have an ATR trailing stop here, this is what I need, these blue and red dots. So what this does is that, like if my stop was right here, and let's say my entry was right here and my target's up here, then on this candle right here, my stop would get moved to here, then here, then here, then here, then here, then here, and then I'd get stopped out right here. Okay. 

Okay. Now you can change that. If you wanted to change it to a 14 and 2 or something else, like that's just all it, the period just takes how many candles it's going to look at to get the average range.

And the multiplier is going to tell you how big of that range you're going to put the stop. Okay. Okay. 

Perfect. Does that answer your question? Yeah, sure. Thank you. 

Okay. Now this is different than the 10 EMA and the NR7 stop trailing. So if you want to know that one, I can explain that one as well. 

For everybody, I don't have those posts yet, so if you see anybody interested, it's okay. I have a quick question. Yep, go ahead. 

Yeah, where do we locate the updated bot versions? So, Dr. Joe, you're in Matt's group, so let me just take a look and see if where he puts them. So if we go into Matt's group, because I put them in here, and yeah, so right here. So if you go into your bot trading with Matt, go to the course content. 

Yeah. And then you'll see bot downloads right here. Did you find it? So these are the most up-to-date bots, right, Tracy? Yep. 

Okay. Okay, great. Okay, thank you. 

Did you find it okay? Yes, thank you. Okay, perfect. All right.

Any other questions? And did anyone want to know how the 10 EMA and the NR7 trail their stop? Yes. Yeah? Okay. Yes. 

All right. So if we look at strategies, and I'll just throw up the 10 EMA here as an example. So the 10 EMA trailing stop works on a tick. 

So that's this area right here. So first of all, you can turn trailing on or off. And then it's got two things, the start and the distance. 

So let's say that your entry candle is right here, and your entry is here, and your stop is here, and your target is up here. Now, let's say that you have this set to 20 ticks for start. And let's say that we have a 100 tick trail. 

Okay. Now, what that means is that the trailing will not start until price has gone 20 ticks above the entry, or away from the entry. Okay. 

So once it's gone 20 ticks away from the entry, that's when trailing will start. And it will start with a 100 tick tether. So from that 20 ticks, as it moves beyond that 20 ticks, it's going to keep the stop within 100 ticks of where price has been at the highest. 

So it's just going to continue. Like I said, imagine that tether being attached to the stop. As it goes to 21, it's going to move this up, 22, move this up, 23. 

It's just going to keep a distance of 100 ticks from wherever price was. But the start, it's not going to start doing that until it reaches this tick level above the entry. Make sense? Tracy, because of your entry candle height, if it's less than 100 ticks, would that stop just not move until it eventually got 100 away? Yep, that's correct. 

Now, that's something that just got fixed, because that was not what was happening before when you were using your trailing stop. So if you had a, let's say you did a 20 and a 100, before what would happen is, and that's why there was a major update. So let's the stop was here, and let's say this was only 50 ticks away, and you hit 20 ticks right here, then this would move the stop down 30 ticks, basically adding risk to your profile, which is not good. 

We don't want it to do that. So in this particular case, where you have 50 and 20, now it's going to actually wait until you hit 50 ticks above price before it starts to trail. That's exactly what's going to happen.

Okay, but you still, you don't want to change that, because we never know how much range we're going to have between the entry and the stop, because it's based on the size of the candle plus your padding. So this could be on one trade, it could be 50 ticks. On another trade, it could be 150 ticks. 

On another trade, it could be 300 ticks. So that's always going to vary, and we just want to make sure the stop never gets added. So yes, the stop will stay there, and once you get within 100, that tether gets to 100, and it's above the start tick level, then it'll start trailing.

Great question, Michael. Make sense to everybody? Yep. All right, perfect. 

We are still working on the Megascalper. There's still some issues with it right now. It's currently not, it's not, it's not respecting the stop loss and the take profit target right now. 

So I've just got that into the developer, but I'm hoping that it'll be up and ready to go here shortly. It is a really cool bot that we've been working on, and it, yeah, it does a few things a little bit differently. Okay, yeah. 

So any other questions? What's that? Martin here. Martin here. Hi. 

Hi, Tracy. I have a question. I'm doing backtesting the last couple of days, and I have a laptop, and I have a VPS, and I'm doing my, most of my backtesting and optimization on my laptop, and then I transfer the, just the settings to my VPS, and then somehow I get complete different figures, and not little bit, like, like really far away. 

Do you have any idea why that could be? Are you using the same data source? I'm using, I deleted the data source. I'm using the same data source. I, I deleted already the, the, the catch. 

What else did I do? I did many things, and double and triple check that, that everything is exactly the same, but I have not figured out. I think nobody can answer this. Now my question is, do you think it's safe to say and safe to do to just optimize everything on my laptop, and then just transfer the settings to, to the VPS, and, and then don't do any, any, any backtest anymore, or what would you suggest? Well, you should be getting the same results, so I would be. 

Yes, I should. I would be wanting to make sure that, that that's working correctly, so one of a few things could be happening. Either you have a different data source, or when you're doing your backtesting, you're putting in the numbers, you're forgetting to, or it's not showing, let's see here, right, sorry, let me close this out. 

Let me bring this up. Right in here, when you go down, and you do the infinite two, and the standard, standard do high, and ticks, whoops, and tick, so make sure you're doing that. That needs to be done on both of them, but the other thing is, make sure that NinjaTrader is updated on both, so you're using the current version of NinjaTrader on both your VPS and your desktop, and then the other thing is, make sure you're using the same version of the bot.

Yes, I do everything same. It's, it's NT8, I double, triple check every tick box, every tick, what you can do is already there, and I really don't know. Can you send, send me one of the, can you send me the setting, like, direct message me one of the, yeah, like, say, save the template for me, and then send it to me, but tell me what time frame, like, the start time, and close time, and the eastern time, and then I'll see if I can duplicate it on my end, and see if I am getting the same results, to see which ones are working correctly, because that'll help us narrow down, whether it's your VPS that's the problem, or whether it's your desktop. 

Yeah, exactly, that would help, because I just, I don't, no need to have the answer, just want to know which one is the safest way to, to get the correct settings, I mean. So, that's why we would want to nail down, and make sure which one is actually, yeah, correct. And by the way, and I know you can save and load it on MT4, for example, you can see the set files, the set files are somewhere in a folder in the library, is there any set file in NinjaTrader 8, where you can just download the set file, and send the set files? Yes, so you go into, you go into documents, yes, NinjaTrader 8, yes, go to templates, yes, strategy, and then all your strategies are, they're in the bot folder, so just pick the bot folder, so here's the 10 EMA folder, and then these are all what you would know, these would be the set files. 

Yeah, perfect, MT5, yeah. So, these are, they put it under documents, NinjaTrader, because I was looking in NinjaTrader, and then, in NinjaTrader program code, NinjaTrader, but they put it in docs, yeah? It's in documents, yep, and Martin, did you join the, did you join the bot optimization team? I, I, no, I think by error, I'm, I'm the first time here, how to join it, you just join? Well, if you want to join, just tell me, so you just send me a message, so go up to this little chat bubble here, and then look for me, so Tracy Ball, and then, and then just put in, just tell me that you're interested, or, and what, what is it again? So, if you, it's the bot optimization team, bot optimization, yeah, watch the beginning of this video, because I went over it completely in this video, yeah, okay, and then you can see if you're interested, because you can also get access to it by going to the bot trading community right here, if you go into announcements, yes, I explained it right here, so, I just saw it, it just came through just now, just a couple of minutes ago, right, yeah, yeah, so if you want to join, just let me know that you want to join, and, and there, but in this particular case, I tell you how to, to access those folder, or that file as well, I've got a little thing in there that, yeah, you have the Google sheet somewhere, which is only available if you're in the group, you don't have the link somewhere, yep, that's correct, yep, I got it, okay, I'm wondering if it has something to do with IP address, where the, the tests don't match, because I had some issue, but it wasn't a huge difference, because, you know, I'm on mountain time, and maybe that VPS machine was not on the same, yeah, I don't know, IP address doesn't matter, but, but I do remember when I set up my VPS, my time was completely wrong on the VPS server, so I had to adjust my time in my time zone, so, I mean, it's basic, but it's definitely something worth checking, that, that could, okay, the time, the time zone, I checked already, but I only set it in, in NinjaTrader, because in NinjaTrader, you can set the timings, right, so I did this central time in NinjaTrader, but are you saying that even if I do it on NinjaTrader, it still can be wrong, because the VPS has different timings, it might, the VPS has a different time, so if it's, it's 8.50, you know, Eastern time, so if your clock on your, on your server says it's 8.23, that's going to, your results are going to be different, because it's going to think the current time is not the right time. Yeah, but, but, but NinjaTrader is taking already their own time, they're not taking it from the VPS, they're taking it from the broker, right? They are. 

No, they're taking it from your computer, I mean, the interaction, when you're running the test, your computer to see what time it is, the, the time that you change inside of NinjaTrader just shows, it just changes the way it gets displayed to you. Ah, okay, okay, yeah, that could be something, that could be, okay, that's new. Yeah, thanks, that's a good tip, yeah, maybe it would be, you know, it would be right.

We definitely want to know, because I would be worried about putting it live, if you're not getting the same results on both. It's one thing to get a slightly different, a little bit of difference, but. Yeah, now it's completely different, like, like, loss, loss, loss.

Yeah, the cache file, that, that's an issue, so if the cache is full, that can cause discrepancies like that, the time can cause it, otherwise there's a miscommunication with the, the way it's being imported. There's a variety of different things that could cause it, so we don't, you've narrowed down almost all of them, so it's, but I wouldn't be running anything until I had confirmation that I was getting the same, same results. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm still running, I'm, I trust my laptop and from laptop settings, I'm just putting it right now on the first, on sim accounts, so I'm just checking one, two week sim accounts.

Okay. Okay, but Stacy, if I have you already, have you found out which, which bot has different trading strategies that could fit to different instruments, for example, MNISTAC, MESS, or GOLD? No, because I use them all on all of them, so I trade on... All of them. Yep, I use all of them on all of them, so the ones that I use are M2K, MYM, Yes.

MES. And DAX. MES, MNQ, whoops, MNQ.

All of them, all of them. I use MNQ, I use MGC. Gold, yeah.

You see, and I do MCL, and those are the ones that I trade on. Oil, yeah, yeah. And I use all of them, so for me, it's about liquidity, that's what, that's what matters, so I want to be trading in high liquidity times, and all of the bots work on all of them.

I know Matt is more favorable, he loves MNQ, that's his kind of go-to thing, but I trade on all of them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A question, I was not in the beginning there, not previous one.

Do you have somewhere all the settings which you found helpful, somewhere in a folder, or that's kind of a secret? Well, that's the point of the bot optimization team, is that we will all... Because the settings change regularly, so this is a, you do a... There's no set settings that are going to work all the time, so if I was to give you something that worked right now, I can't guarantee it's going to be working in a week. So there's a, it's about nailing down your process, because our settings aren't predictive, and there's going to be times and seasons when certain settings are working better than others. So the goal here is to really establish a process where you can, you can pick high probability settings that are currently working, and then get a process that enables it to work in the, like, as it's working in the future, or as it's not working in the future, you have it diversified enough with enough accounts that some are winning, some are losing, but the overall portfolio is going in the right direction.

That's the goal, because none of us can predict what's going to happen. So the settings are always... Have you figured out and studied or recognized some patterns that, for example, Mega Orb is behaving in a trending market different than an arranging market? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I can tell you right off the bat that any orb is going to operate better in a trending market.

Same with the 10 EMA, it's a trending strategy. Same with the NR7, it's going to be a trending strategy. The snapback is going to work better in a... My brain is on fire right now.

An arranging situation. Yes, consolidation, all right. So yeah, there's definitely going to be times, but at the same token, it's not just whether it's trending, it's also whether it's a volatile trend.

Because you can trend and it can be a messy trend. So what I mean by that is you can trend like this, or you can also trend like this. You're still going higher, you're still heading higher, but you're getting these dips that are breaking structure along the way.

And that's, like I said, that's depending on who's in the market. And I don't even want to get into all that right now, because that's what I teach in my volume profile stuff. It's also too complex.

And have you also figured out which instrument to use in Tokyo session, London session, and New York session? Or you're not dividing it so much? No, I don't divide it that much. Because very rarely will I trade my bots in the Globex session. I stick to the New York session.

That being said, I know that gold, so GC, oil, CL and 6E, which is the Euro. Those are the ones that are going to work the best. They're going to have the highest volume during the overnight sessions.

Yeah, but you would be surprised, because what I found studying is that actually there's in the beginning of the London session, there's a quite nice opportunity for the mega op for breakout, because Asia is consolidating. And then suddenly when London opens, there's a quite good breakout on NASDAQ. And that's oftentimes, not every time, but three, two, three times a week, you can see a really nice breakout.

And then we're missing it because we do the New York breakout, but not the London breakout. Yep, there's nothing stopping you from trading. Yep, for sure.

So yeah, I usually start my bots a couple hours before the market opens, and I shut them down by lunch. So that's usually what my time is. But I watch mine, like I don't let mine just operate on their own.

I'm usually, because I'm day trading as well. So everything is up and working here, and I'm not doing other things. So that's just the way that I do it.

It's not the way that you have to do it. It's just, that's my choice and preference. Yeah, I like it to run it when I even sleep.

But I have to be confident first, and the setup, and the simulation must be done already. So I'm confident in the bots that I can. We'll get it.

Okay, sure. Thanks. You betcha.

All right, any other questions? Tracy, I, quick question. I funded one of my accounts today. Yes, congratulations.

Thank you. And I was wondering if I should just put it aside. Remember you talked about it a while ago, and just keep funding more other accounts.

What would you recommend? Yep, so my scaling plan that I recommend is that you get four funded before you start trading any of them. And the whole goal of the scaling plan is that, and if you, you want to build confidence. Yeah, that's what I don't have right now.

Right, confidence and consistency. So when you get one funded, pay the lifetime fee. Yeah, that's what I did.

Lifetime fee, it might be 125, might be 150, it might be 85. It depends on when you pick up your account. It's good for 10 years.

You do not have to trade on that account at all. In 10 years, they'll charge you one penny if it's still open, but there's no fees associated with it at all. Okay, so it's the one-time fee.

It's set up, it's done. Put it aside and leave it. Try and do it again.

This, if you've done it three, four times, you've built some consistency in your process. The other thing that that's going to do is this. If you take, let's say you take 10 accounts and out of that 10 accounts, you got, now let's just do for easy math.

You got five of them funded. Okay, so five out of 10. That means that you're running at a 50% conversion.

Okay, so that means that you can now, once you've got your five started, you start trading those five accounts, but now you've got five accounts. If you have, let's say 50%, you can expect two of those at least, maybe let's say three of those to blow. Okay, so three of those to blow, two of them to continue.

So that means that you have to be working on three assessments to replace the three that you blow. Okay, you see how that works? Okay, so it's all about numbers. That's the scaling part is about recognizing, okay, how, what's my process and how quickly am I getting these funded and find out what the percentage is.

And then you can play around it. And once you play around it, then you can start building some cushion and getting this into consistent cashflow because that's the goal. If you think that you're going to fund these accounts and then never blow them, that's the wrong attitude.

Yeah. Okay, you have to plan for the fact that, yes, you're going to blow some, some you won't. What's the rate at which you can get them funded and what's the rate at which you blow them up? And then you have a plan and have the right number and variance of accounts going at once so that you can build that up.

And then the same thing with these five accounts that you now have funded that you're working towards, you don't want to start them all at the same time. You want to stagger them. So you want to start one, get a cushion, start the second one, get a cushion.

Because the idea is eventually you can get rid of the drawdown altogether. And you grow the account to the point where the max lot size becomes the limiting factor of what you can do. So you max out basically what you can get because you're maxing out the lot size.

You've maxed out the Rs or the risk that you can use on it. And that is as high as you need to build that account. Now you can start pulling out all the profit every single month that you're getting from that, but you don't have to worry about blowing it up because you've got several thousands of dollars of room for drawdown, which means you can increase risk and all that kind of stuff to the limiting of this.

So it's really just about numbers and everything that you have to do in this entire program is number based from the decision making that you're making for picking the strategies to you don't even have to look at a chart if you didn't want to. It's just all, like I said, numbers, numbers, numbers, numbers. Okay.

Probabilities. Yep. Yes.

Yep. Okay. Perfect.

Thank you. That's what I wanted to know. I'm like, I probably should put it aside from one of the meetings I attended.

Yeah. That's what I would do. Now, eventually you're going to get to a point where you know what, you have confidence in your system that there's going to be other ways that you can get funded faster, but I don't recommend you get funded faster if you don't have a process down because you're just wasting money.

You're just going to blow it up. Yeah. Don't chase the profits.

Chase the process. The profits will come as a reward of having a good process. Okay.

Perfect. Perfect. Any other questions? Yeah.

When you're talking about scaling already, I mean, I had one idea that passing the 50K accounts is obviously the fastest way. Have you ever considered to treating the 50K account like a 300K account once it is funded? Which I mean that you keep a lot of buffer in it. You don't get a payout on 2,600.

You keep 7,000 inside, have a higher buffer, and then you can trade the 50,000 like a 300,000 one, but have more flexibility. What's your thought about this? Yeah, that's the goal. However, the max lot size will be the limiting factor because you can raise that risk up.

You can get as much cushion as you want. If you took a 50K account and made it a 100K account or even brought it to a 300K account, the risk that you have available is going to be limited by the max lot size. You can only get 100 micros or whatever it is on the 10 minis.

So you're going to be limited to that. And if you're maxed out, then you've taken the risk. You've taken everything up as high as you possibly can in the account.

You're limited to that. That's as far as you need to take it and you just need to open up another account. So I encourage you to have 50Ks, 100, 300, 250Ks, a variety of different account sizes and you can get up to 20 of them.

So, yeah. Tracy, do you still have meetings for Pushbutton at any time? Yeah, I'm still doing the Pushbutton students. Oh, okay.

Because I was wondering, I finished that with Matt, but I didn't know if there's still like a support meetings, you know, for questions. No, I just have my mentorship program because I'm finishing that mentorship program and then I'm no longer teaching the, I'm not teaching anymore. I'm not taking any more manual trading students on.

That being said, once I complete all of the mentorship responsibilities or components of the manual trading, then I'll be designing something to create just for support for them. Yeah. Okay.

Okay. I'm still like sometimes want to use it, but it's, I'm a little rusty right now. Yeah.

No, I hear you. I'm tossing the idea around of doing a few different things for support. But like I said, that's going to be down the road and it's once my other groups are done and if there's enough interest in it and it would be an additional membership type of thing.

So, yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Okay. Thank you. You bet.

All right. I'll take two more questions if there is any more. Going once.

Going twice. All right. You guys have a great night.

Thanks for joining. Good night. Thank you.

Okay. Bye-bye. Thanks Tracy.

Bye. See you. Bye.