Awesome. All right, well, let's start out. This is your opportunity, as usual, to ask questions, get unstuck, that kind of thing. 

So I'll open the floor up to anyone that is struggling with anything in particular, or if you just want some clarification on something, or you have other questions that you're curious about. All right. Nobody has any questions? Tracy? Yes. 

So my NinjaTrader is still crashing, even after uninstalling the dashboard. Okay, so did you try it on your personal computer? No, I didn't. So my desktop keeps crashing too. 

Well, not NinjaTrader on it, but it just turns off. So I may need to set up my laptop to do it on. But the problem is, like, I won't be able to check in when I go to work on my laptop. 

That's fine. I don't want you trading on your... I mean, while you're trying to figure this out, I don't advise that you be trading in your funded account. Just put it on a sim account. 

The goal here is to isolate the issue. So if you now try and do the exact same thing that you're doing with your NinjaTrader on your VPS, and you do it on a laptop, and you have no issues, then you know it's the VPS. Well, I actually had the same issues before I got my first VPS on my desktop. 

Right, but you're telling me your desktop's crashing all the time. Yeah, well, it just started doing that in the last, like, month or two. Okay. 

And I got my first VPS in January, and it was doing that before that on my desktop. Okay, because what I need you to do, like I said, is to change one thing at a time, not a whole bunch of things. So you've removed the trade copier. 

So now the next step is, like I said, to try it on your own computer. And I would try just in a sim account. And even on the VPS, try just doing on sim. 

Don't even do it with your APEX accounts, and see if you still get the same problem. Okay. Yeah, I can try that. 

So try for the next day or two, just sim, no APEX account, on the VPS for now, without the trade copier installed, and see if you still have a problem. Okay, yeah, I can try that. Okay.

Okay. But on VPS, you said for now, and then try on the laptop. Yep, for now, try on VPS.

Yep. And like you said, that it's usually happening every single day. So if it doesn't happen over the next two days, then okay, the problem is most likely, or can, it's not going to be the technology if it's working with the sim, but it's not working on your Tradeavate accounts, then there's something wrong that's happening between the NinjaTrader and the Tradeavate account.

But the sim is still Tradeavate, isn't it? The sim is using the data, but it's not sending any communication to NinjaTrader that can be rejected or denied. So what I think is happening is I think that NinjaTrader servers, sorry, not NinjaTrader, Tradeavate servers are getting overloaded. I think they just have too many clients on there. 

And with all the information that's going, it gets a timeout. And then NinjaTrader gets a disconnect because it's timed out. It's trying to communicate, it's not successfully communicating, so it just shuts down.

Yeah. Yeah, I just logged into my desktop because it shut down on its own. So I logged into my VPS and it looks like it disconnected again at like an hour and five minutes ago.

Yeah, it normally will. It always will. It'll disconnect once a day. 

That's why you need to reset it every single day. I just choose to do it on my own rather than have Apex choose to do it because they will disconnect at the end of the day. So maybe this one was okay, right? But the ones that are happening in the beginning of the day during the trading sessions, yeah, those are not good. 

No, but if you don't disconnect at the end of the day and you leave it, then at some point NinjaTrader will do a disconnect. Yeah, but I restarted every day before the session starts, before I set up my bots. Anyway, so I don't just leave it from the previous day if it didn't disconnect. 

Okay. Yeah, I always restart it. Are you able to do a screen record when it's... that's because you're not around, so I don't know. 

Yeah, I'm not around. So you need to, like I said, you're going to have to either reach out to NinjaTrader or you're going to have to reach out to Apex and find out why it's continually disconnecting from you. I did reach out to NinjaTrader. 

I think I sent you... I think I sent you the email or I can like forward it to you. Yeah, but no, you sent it to me, but the next step would be to talk to Apex to find out why you're disconnecting all the time. Okay. 

Okay, but those are the things that I'd recommend you do to troubleshoot. Just one thing at a time, make one little change at a time and see what causes the issue. Okay. 

Okay. Okay. We'll try it on same then. 

All right, perfect. Anybody else? Can you hear me, Tracy? I can. Okay, I have a question. 

Did you try for, by any chance, using the trade copier to use more than one bot? Let's say, for example, did I make two operations or two settings for different bots? It's okay? I'm not sure I follow you. Are you saying, can you use the trade copier to trade multiple bots? For example, I have, you know, my SYN account, then the followers. Let's say that I have one bot, let's say the mega bot, but I also want the volume bot in the same SYN account, but I have the trade copier with the other followers. 

Can I do that? Will it be a problem? No, it won't. Not from a bot perspective. The issue will be, as long as you're doing that on different tickers as well, because you don't want to be trading the same ticker in the same account. 

The other thing is the lot size. The max lot size is limited across everything that you have open. So for example, if you're trading a 50K account, it's got a max lot size of a hundred micros. 

If you have one, let's say a mega orb that's got 25 contracts open for the long and open for the short, that's 50 contracts total. And now if you also have another, let's say a mega orb triggering on something else, or you've got some other, like, let's say the volume bot, but it's using an orb. Okay. 

And let's say that it has also 25 and 25. So 25 on the long, 25 on the short, you've hit your max 100 contracts open right there. Okay. 

So you just need to be cautious of that. That's the one issue. Yep. 

And then the other thing is if you're trading on the same account, make sure that you're using the quant analyzer to combine the different back tests together to get a full global back test result. Have you looked at quant analyzer before? No, neither. No? Okay. 

There should be in Matt's group there, because in both of our groups, there should be a training video that talks about the quant analyzer. So I recommend that you take a look at that because it shows you how to import multiple back tests when you're trading multiple bots on the same account. And it gives you one combined back test, you'll get the overall performance if you were trading both of those strategies or multiple strategies on the same account at the same time. 

So you'll get a combined, you'll get a combined drawdown, a combined net profit, etc, etc. Okay. Okay. 

Perfect. All right. Anybody else have any questions? General questions, Tracy? Yep. 

Okay. So can you explain a little bit about your grouping of the bots and accounts? So, you know, if you, if I'm making it up, let's say you have 10 accounts, and then you have three or four possible bots that you're going to run. Are you running like, you know, bots, one, two, and three, you're running the strategy, these bots, and then bots, four, five, and six, you're running these bots, or how are you structuring it? Yeah, for sure. 

So I am, I do a max of four groups. Okay, that's the most that I find I can manage. And the reason that I do that is for diversification. 

So if one particular set of bots isn't working well, or one group's not working well, it's highly unlikely that all four groups aren't working well, unless I'm doing the same strategy on all four groups, which doesn't make any sense. So what I might do is I might, I might run a mega orb on one group, I'll run a mega snap on another group, I'll run a 10 EMA on another group, and I might run a volume bot on another group. So there's those are my four different groups. 

Okay. I wouldn't run a mega orb on all four. It doesn't make sense. 

Right? Unless I was running a mega orb on say, the indexes is one group, gold, I could run an omega orb on on gold, that'd be a different group, because it's not if I was running it on NQ on one group, and then MES on another group, that doesn't make any sense, because you're just doubling and leveraging your risk, you're doubling up your risk, it's because they run tandem, they run together. So, you know, if I was running one in oil, and one on the indexes, that's they're, they're far enough apart that I'm okay with running similar bots. So the groups have to make sense of why you're running them. 

So either it's different strategies, or it's completely different, different groups, like different industries. Okay. So that's the first step.

The second step is let me grab a whiteboard. Great, because I'm thinking, can you guys see the whiteboard here? Yeah. You guys can see it? Yes. 

Okay, perfect. Let me make it a little bit bigger. Okay. 

So now I have group, group number one, group number two, group number three, and group number four. Okay. So now the way that I would do this is this, here's eval number one.

Okay, number one. Now, I talked last time, I talked about knowing what your average days to pass. So your average pass rate, or your average days to pass, sorry, days to pass.

Okay. And your, your pass rate. These are two very important numbers that you need to know.

Okay. Now, let's assume that the average days to pass is 30 days. Okay. 

So on a 50k account, that means that I could expect in 30 days to have 3k in profit. That's what I expect to see. So the way that I would do this is, here's the start of eval number one.

At the end of week one, I should be up $750 in profit. If I'm on track to pass in 30 days. Okay. 

So if, if that's true, if that's a checkmark, then I can start eval number two. Okay. So I'll start this the second week. 

Now I've staggered it. Because one of the things that a lot of traders will do that, oh, awesome. Apex does 20 accounts, I buy all 20. 

And I start all 20. And oh, I lost all 20 at the same time. If you're just, you're just 20 and xing your risk.

Okay. In this particular case, I'm looking at the first one and going, okay, yes, it's on track. So I'm going to start my second one. 

By the end of the second week, this should now be up $750. And this should be up $1,500. That's if we're on track. 

And if this is a yes, then guess what? I start eval number three. Okay. And at the end of the next week, this should be up $750.

This should be up $1,500. This should be up $2,250. Okay. 

And if that's all good, then guess what? I'll do eval number four. Okay. And you guessed it, the end of the week, $750, $1,500, $2,250. 

And this one's passed. Right. So now I have a PA account. 

Okay. Now I recommend not actually trading the PA accounts until you get four of them. So that would go in the in the, like that would go to the side. 

And then we would do eval number five. Okay. Eval number five. 

So and then you start again. So this one needs to be $750. This one would then be passed. 

Right. If you're on track, this one would now be passed. Now you have two that are passed. 

Then you'd have three that are passed. Then you have four that are passed and you'd have one that's very close to being passed. This would be two weeks from being passed, three weeks, four weeks from being passed. 

Okay. You guys see how that's scaling? Yep. All right. 

So now you just keep doing that. Now, once you get four PA accounts going, now you can throw a PA account in here. Just one. 

Same thing. You expect in 30 days, because you know your average days to pass, in 30 days, you should be up $750, then $1,500, then $2,250, then $3,000 if you're on track. And at any point, if you're not on track, you don't add in another account. 

You slow things down. You wait. You give it more time. 

Okay. Now, once you get one PA account going after the first week, now you'll have your second PA account if you want. You can add that in. 

And if you're continuing to go in the same way, but if not, you've got one, two, three, four, five, five eval accounts that are still there. And based on your pass rate, you may have to hold off on giving this PA account. You may have to hold off on adding another one, because you need to have enough evals going, as well as to replace the ones that you might blow, plus continue to scale. 

Does that make sense? Yep. Okay. Right. 

So, if you have a 50% pass rate, then you need to have an extra two PA or two eval accounts to make up for the potential loss of this PA account. And if you have two PAs running, then you need to have four extra evals running in addition to the scaling evals. Because you can expect that one of these two is potentially going to fail. 

Hopefully, they don't. But if they do, then you need to have something to replace it, right? Now, the idea around the groups is that this group might do really well, this one does really poorly, this one does really poorly, and this one does really good, right? But again, based on our risk parameters, when our stuff is doing well, we should be winning more than when we are losing. It's all a numbers game.

I hope this all makes sense. If it doesn't, please let me know, because I'll break it down in a more simple way if I can. No, it seems good. 

It seems logical. Basically, I have another question. What about the Megascalper? How do you back test? How do I back test the Megascalper? Yeah, we can take a look at that.

I mean, how is the new results so far? When are you going to release it officially? Oh, gotcha. I'm not sure. I will check in with the group at the end of the week and see if there's any other issues. 

We just have a couple other things that we've been dealing with that need to come out right away. I just need to make sure that they're all done. I think it's ready to go.

We need to just confirm that. Okay? Yes, thanks. Yep. 

Okay. Any other questions regarding any of this? Tracy, the markets are so news-driven these days. It's Trump tariffs this or tariff that, CPI tomorrow, PPI later. 

Do you make any allowances for the news cycle in any of your trading, or do you just leave the bots run? No, because when you do your back test, that all is incorporated news because the historical doesn't eliminate news, right? The numbers are going to be the numbers, and yes, the market has changed. There's more volatility, so things may not be working as well as they were a month ago or two months ago. If you're finding that your strategies are no longer working, then maybe reduce your risk, slow things down, don't trade as often. 

I want you guys to think about something because I just got my son going this weekend. He started his bots, and he found one that works really well on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and he said to me, should I find something for Thursday, Friday? And I said, no, and I find that a lot of people, like how many people here find it frustrating that they don't have a bot running every single day, or they feel the need to find a bot running every single day? Yeah? Okay. I want you to think about this. 

If you're risking $250, and if, so that's your R, $250, okay? And if you were aiming for two R a month, does two R per month seem doable? So as soon as you made two R, you just stopped trading for the month. Does that seem reasonable? Can you guys, do you think you could do that? How many of you think they're, what's that? It'll take you forever to get funded. Yeah, yeah, I'm not talking about getting funded. 

I just want you to think about the numbers here for a second, okay? So two R per month, do you think it's doable? Yeah. Okay. Okay, so $500, okay? So if you were to get, let's say, get your accounts funded, and even with funded, how long does it take to get one 50k account funded? You need to hit $3,000. 

So that would be, if you did it this way, that would be how many months? Six. Six months, okay? Now this, I'm just, I want to just show you the numbers because it's easier to do more than two R. I just want you to see the numbers, okay? So six months to get that three grand, okay? Now, what I want you to think about here is 500 per month, that's two R. Now, if you multiply that by 20 accounts, what does that equal? 10,000. 10,000 per month, okay? How many people here would be happy with just $10,000 of extra money every month? Phenomenal. 

Right? Okay. Okay. My point is that even making two R a month, once you get all your accounts funded, and if you got up to 20 accounts, 10,000 can be life-changing for a lot of people.

You do four R a month, that becomes 20k a month. Like, you can see how this is scalable. So, my point is that having a bot that consistently makes money, even if it's a Monday, Wednesday, and that's all it is, and maybe it takes three trades per day, okay? But maybe it's a two and a half R trade, so it makes, you know, potentially, you could be making, um, did I say two and a half? So, what's that? 325? 350? Something like that. 

Anyway, let's just, let's go with 300, okay? On Monday, 300. On Wednesday, if it could potentially do that, let's say that it wins two, loses one, loses one, whatever. Anyway, the possibility in 10 trades, so in less than a month, you could potentially get three grand, okay? It just needs 10 trades, 10 $300 days to win, and you've funded an account. 

You don't need to shoot for the moon. You don't need to hit the ball out of the park. You just need consistency.

And even with small numbers, that becomes very, very doable. And if, if once you get it funded, because this is the other thing, and I teach this in my scaling part, but when you get it funded, don't withdraw all of it. Like, as soon as you cross, here's the withdrawal line, this is where you get to withdraw. 

How many people hit that and like, oh, great, I just withdraw it, and now you're right back to, to very close to your drawdown again, because you've taken it to within $500 of your drawdown, because that's the maximum you're allowed to, to withdraw. So, now you only have 500, and guess what? We blow the account. So, why not, why not grow it a little bit more? Let's take it up to, let's say $53,100 becomes the new zero. 

That's the new minimum balance that you have in your account. And now every time you, you, every month from there, any profit that you have, you take 50% of that profit. So, now what's happening is you're actually growing the account.

You're moving it further away from the drawdown. You're able to increase your risk. Okay. 

And now that 2R, instead of it being 250, right, instead of the RB to 250, maybe you're working with a $500 R. So, now you're doing 1000, whoops, $1000 every month per account, which is 20,000 with just 2R per month. Why? Because you've grown the account, you've removed the, you've moved it away from the drawdown. You've given yourself some cushion, patience, right? I know that's been the frustration, I guess. 

I want to go from zero to a million overnight. Yep. But yeah, I mean, you know, you're, the way you put it out logically makes total sense. 

And you know, and like anything, you have to, you know, you can't, you can't plant a seed and expect that they grow overnight, right? So, it's going to take time, it's going to take water, it's going to take sun, it's going to take some nurturing. It does. And the things that, the things that grow really fast have a very shallow root. 

And they're, they're easily uprooted. So, I love your analogy about planting a seed, but the things that are really hardy are the things that are going to, they're going to build a good root system. And that's really what you're doing right now. 

And that's the investment part. The time and the energy is working on the process. And this is what I, I try to drill into all of you on a regular basis, process over profits.

Yes, and let me tell you, I already have two funding accounts. And that's the main, the hardest thing to me is to be, you know, to be quiet, to grow slowly. For example, if I lost $200, I mean, I have a bad week last week, I lost like $400, more or less. 

And sometimes I get desperate, you know, to try to get my pay out. So, that's the thing that I have to work, you know, with my mind, let's say like that. Try to be quiet, calm, I guess. 

You're human, right? That's normal. I was actually just telling my husband this today, because we have this radio station that's doing this like FX thing. And if you can guess the effects, then you win the money.

And it's up to $85,000. And it's a pretty hard effect, effects a pretty hard sound to get. And you only get like a less than two second clip of it. 

But anyway, they were asking people, what would you do with $85,000? Like that's life changing money. And I'm thinking that's hardly life changing money. That's not even a year's wage here. 

It's not very good. But anyway, the people that got on the phone, you know what they do? I'm going to buy this fancy car. I'm going to buy this fancy house. 

They spent the money within a week, right? None of them thought about the slow and grow. How about turning that 80 into 160? Or how about investing that 80 and having it pay you consistent profits, monthly income? Nobody wants to wait. They want that now.

And that's the majority of people out there. We want it now. And that's not that's the problem.

Right? So the only thing I can do is show you the numbers. I can show you the how it works. And the rest is a choice of yours. 

You have to recognize that it becomes infinitely scaled. But you have to do the base of the work. You have to get that foundation in first.

And here's another thing. So let's say that you've got group one, group two, whoops, group three, and group four. You've got four different groups working. 

And let's say that in this account, let's say that you've got, you know, maybe you've got a few, let's just say 50k accounts. Okay, so you've got 50k accounts. Let's say that you've got three here, and you've got two here. 

Oops. And let's say you got two here. And you got two here, whatever they might be, okay. 

But let's say that you've grown this one, this one's up to, let's say that this is you've grown it to 60k. This one here, you're up to 57,000. This one here, you're up to 56,000. 

Okay. Here, you're just starting out at 50. And this one here, you're at 58. 

And this one here, you're at 60. This one here, you're at 55. Let's say that this one here is at 60. 

And this one here is at 65. Okay. Let's just say. 

So let's say that this group in this month starts to do really poorly. Okay, so now you're not hitting the goals. Now this group does really poorly. 

And maybe now you've got three groups for the month that aren't doing very well. Well, you still have 10, 17, 17, $23,000 worth of profit, that's just sitting in these accounts that you could potentially pull from just for the month to get you by so you have consistent cash flow. You know what I mean? Because you kind of left some in reserve. 

You didn't spend it all at once. You didn't take it all at once. You're building, you're growing, you're scaling, but it's also there as a reserve. 

One of the things that I've taught my son, and I started when he was very young, was every dollar that you earn, 50% goes into your savings, you save 50%. Every dollar, doesn't matter whether it's a gift from grandma, or it's hard earned money, 50% of it always goes into a savings. And it's not because I want him to save money. 

I do want him to save money. The whole point is I want him to learn that you can wait. Don't spend everything that you earn. 

Wait for it. Spend what makes sense. Don't just get into the habit of, this is what I've got. 

I'm going to use it all. This is what I've got. Use it.

It's not just a, you never get ahead. Okay? I hope that makes sense. And once you get up to this level, even if you're taking out 500 a month right now while you're still growing it, or a thousand dollars a month while you're still growing it, at least that feels like you're making some progress.

And at some point this becomes self-sustaining. You're no longer putting dollars that you're earning into this. It's all paying for itself. 

You're using house money. And that's the goal. But the only way that you can do that is to think about the process, nail the process down, stop thinking about the profits, stop swinging for the fences, stop expecting to be a millionaire overnight. 

If you got this up to, I think the max you could do on a 50k account would be a 750 risk. That's the max that you could probably get it up to if you brought your account up high enough where the 100 contracts is your limiting factor. So let's say that you're doing 750 on 50k accounts.

I'm not even counting 250 or $300,000 accounts that you have in there that you can grow and do so much more with. I'm just talking 50k accounts. So let's say that 50k accounts, you have 20 of them where you have a 750R. 

And even if two are a month, what is that? Okay, that's 750 times two times 20, 30,000 a month times 12. That's $360,000 a month. US. 

I'm using really low numbers here because it's doable. And I'm doing it this way because you need to think past today. Yeah, makes total sense, Jason.

Is this an eye-opener for some of you? Or maybe an aha moment? Yes, no? I would say, I mean, I've run the numbers and scaled it and said, okay, if I have 20 accounts and I'm making, you know, I use the basis after commissions and they're 10% that they take, you know, if I could make 3000 bucks a month, 3000 times 20, 60,000 times, you know, 12 months or whatever, you know, so you're making life changing money, you know, and it doesn't have to be a lot. You don't have to make $10,000, 10,000 in an account, you can make 2000, 3000 and be still be happy and still scale it, you know, upwards. Yep.

So I think that's the key. I knew a trader, he was very famous in app bets. He has 20 accounts of 350K. 

Well, he only look for 1000K, you know, per day. He can go for more. Or what does he, what's his goal? You know, all amount for the size of the account.

And he's getting consistent 20K in each, I mean, daily per day, most of the time. Is he manually trading? At that moment, yes. He's now part of, let me tell you, he works with them right now.

Yeah. I don't remember. Yeah. 

So I don't like daily goals. I think daily goals are really bad. In particular, I've talked about this in my psychology classes, but daily goals force you to either overtrade or undertrade. 

And when you're trading well, we tend to hit our goal and then leave. And when we're trading poorly, we tend to trade even more because we're trying to hit our daily goal and that's the worst thing that you could do. So it's actually the opposite of what you should be doing. 

When you're trading well and you're making money, those are the days that you should trade more. And when you're trading poorly and you're losing, you should just cut your losses and leave. So I don't like setting daily goals, just so you know. 

I like to set an average. And that is, you know, what you make a month. So what is the average that I can make a month? Those are the numbers that I like to work with. 

I don't know anybody that can make money every single day. So and if somebody is saying that they can make money every single day in the stock market, I don't think that they're telling the truth. No, no, maybe I'm not saying correctly, but what I mean is that he has a big account, but his goal was, you know, a small amount of money.

So and that's the other thing I know Ninja Trader or Apex, I should say, at least with their manual trading, they really promote scalping, which is very quick in and out, like grab your, and that's why they deal with a trailing drawdown the way that it is, it's open equity trailing drawdown. They don't, they're not encouraging you to actually trade, they're encouraging you to scalp. That's what they are kind of designed for, which means you're going for smaller targets. 

You hit the target more frequently, which is, like I said, you're going for that 1.2, 1.5, one hour target kind of thing. You have to have a high win percent to do that. There's multiple different ways of skinning a cat. 

The idea is being consistent, understanding your system, understanding the process, following the process, setting something up that you can live with. And here's another thing that I'll tell you because this happens a lot, right? How many of you can handle 10 losses in a row? Do you like it? Can you handle it? Can you expect it? Okay. Well, what about, can you handle $23,000 a profit on a back test? Does that look good with say a $1,200 drawdown? Do you like that? That looks good? It is. 

Okay. And maybe it's got a 2.4, 3 profit factor. Okay. 

Looks pretty good, right? Yeah. But now you look at it and it's only got a 41% profitability. Okay. 

Maybe it's only got a 38. Let's say 38% profitability. Do you still like it? Sure. 

Like the profit, right? Yeah. $23,000. From a psychological standpoint of view, you're going to lose more than you're going to win. 

So. Okay. That's the thing. 

And here's the problem is that the majority of us will see these numbers and we'll go, yep, yep, yep. Can't even see this. Don't even recognize it. 

Don't even acknowledge it. Oh yeah. 38%. 

No big deal. Whatever. It doesn't register that what that means is that 62% of the time you're losing.

Most of us are reward wired, not risk wired. So most of us will see the reward. We will not register the risk. 

So we'll go ahead. We'll run this and then guess what? We get loss, loss, loss, loss, win, loss. And then I get an email. 

This sucks. I saw this really good test. I ran it and it's just been losing, losing, losing. 

Okay. Well, your win percentage is only 38% because you're going for like a 4.8 target. Okay. 

Yes, it's profitable. And yes, it will be profitable. And yes, it can be profitable, but you're going to lose 62% of the time. 

You have to accept the risks. But if you don't register the risk, if you don't even see it, acknowledge it, then yeah, it's going to hit you in the face like a ton of bricks and you're going to complain and you're going to get frustrated. And then guess what you're going to do? You're going to start chasing and looking for another bot and you're going to consistently, but next week, this one would have been a winner, winner, winner, winner, loser, loser, loser, winner, loser, loser. 

And now you're up like 10 K, but you're not because you're out. You took all the loser, loser, loser, loser, loser with the one winner. And you go, this sucks. 

Dump it. And you missed out on the one, two, three, four, five, six wins, right? Six wins of 4.8. What's that? How many hours is that? 4.8 times six. That's 28 R you missed out on, right? Cause you couldn't handle the four, five, five losses. 

The five R loss. Does that make sense? Got to focus on the process and make sure that whatever you're doing fits within the parameters of what you are wanting, right? What you're willing to do and what you're okay with. Right. 

Any other questions? Um, I mean, I think he kind of answered it for me already, but it was kind of more focused around, you know, once you do get a PA account, um, the fact that you can't trade, you know, you know, you said it already, you can't trade like, you know, the indexes can't trade, uh, you know, the Dow and the NASDAQ, let's say at the same time. Um, I mean that violates their rule anyways and stuff like that. So it's a mix up of going with maybe one index and maybe gold or oil or something like that, you know, and doing it that way. 

Yeah. Or like I said, different strategies that run at different times. Yeah. 

Yeah, exactly. One thing once in the morning and make sure it doesn't overlap and have something run in the afternoon or something like that. Yeah. 

Because remember the goal about the groups isn't to, it's again to diversify. So like I said, if one group is doing well or not, not well, the other group might be compensating for it. So, and if you're winning more than you're losing, then this one will compensate for the losses. 

And that's, that's the goal. It's just about making sure that your overall equity curve is doing this, heading up, left to right, up bottom to top. Yep. 

So a couple of things I noticed too with the bots is that, and I think it's just a numbers thing when you, let's just say you have a 500, um, uh, risk. Okay. And let's say it comes out to a, you know, good number, but you're like, well, I don't want to risk 500. 

I won't even want to risk 400. So all you do is change it from 500 to 400. Yep. 

You can't do that. I think you got to change the, the, the, the profit that take profit as well. Yep. 

Um, to adjust for it. So, well, there's, there's a few different ways that you can do this. So what I would recommend, um, if you find, because what you can do is you can actually run it on a SIM with $500 risk, and then you can copy it to the follower with a reduced risk. 

Now, why that works is because the stop and the entry and the target do not change on the SIM account. And if you do it in, in, um, orders mode or execution mode, it will not, it won't adjust. It won't be any, it'll follow exactly what's happening in this 500 account. 

It'll just change the number of contracts that you get in your follower account, if that makes sense. So now I don't like going down. I like to go up. 

So I would much rather do my risk at 250 and then upscale to a 500 or a 750 through my followers, right? So I might have some accounts that are at 250, some that are at 500, some that are at 750. And that's fine. But I've always, I've always optimized my lowest number. 

And that's my leader account. And then this might be multiplied by two. This will be multiplied by three. 

So that's a three X multiplier. This is a two X multiplier. So if this gets one contract, this will get two contracts. 

This will get three contracts. If this gets two contracts, this will get four and this will get six, right? But it doesn't change the position. So the position is based off of here. 

And that's the way that you can get around that. Okay. Another question. 

Yep. Go ahead. Okay. 

So, you know, at times I have a VPS and at times it may disconnect in the middle of the trade. What's the best routine to mitigate all that? Okay. So the best routine that I have found, first of all, is to do your weekly maintenance, which means one, I update my VPS.

So I want to make sure that my VPS has been updated, and I'm running the most recent updates. I don't want, first of all, I don't want the VPS to do it for me. So I want to choose to do it.

So I'll do that on a weekend. The second thing is I want to reduce the amount of memory that NinjaTrader is taking. So I clear my cache. 

So clear cache, tick, day, and minute folders. You can find those in the documents folder. So go to documents, then NinjaTrader 8, then bin, no, sorry, DB database, and then cache, I think. 

Cache? Let me just check here. Hang on. Yeah, it's cache in the DB, tick, minute, and day. 

There's a cache outside the DB, but you don't want to delete that. No, I want to go to DB and then delete the cache folder, the day folder, the minute folder, and the tick folder. And I do that every week. 

Okay. The other thing is, number three, I disconnect and then reconnect my data every single day. And I do it at the end of the day, every single day. 

The next thing that I also do is that I restart my VPS every weekend. So I shut it down, or I restart it on Fridays. So I just shut down NinjaTrader, I restart on Friday. 

And then I'll go back in on Sunday, and make sure that my bots are all up to date, make sure that they are working, connect to data, and make sure that there's no, like I said, no updates that need to happen. The other thing is make sure that you are running the latest version of NinjaTrader. So make sure there's no updates to NinjaTrader 8. And then barring that, the other thing that you can check is check to see what server you're connected to.

Because maybe changing the server will have better communication. Okay, take care, Troy. Better communication with TraderVate. 

So I am using a server in LA. And I've not had any issues, but I do all of these other things. Now, when I was not doing all of these other things, I was having issues. 

The other thing that you can do is make sure that you don't have a lot of stuff open on NinjaTrader. NinjaTrader is a resource heavy program. Every window, every indicator, every little thing that's using data, if you have indicators on your charts, because you want them, you want to see where the 10 EMA is, you want to see all that information, that takes up valuable resources from your computer. 

And if it's on update on every tick, that's taking up tremendous amount of resources. So change it to on bar close. That'll reduce the resourcefulness. 

But otherwise, just minimize every window, like everything that you have open. You can reduce the redundancies. If you don't need it, shut it down. 

Okay? Those are pretty much the only thing that I can say that works. Make sure that you've updated all your bots. You're using the most recent version of the bot as well. 

Okay? Okay. So the question was really more geared toward, and that was good information by the way. The question is more geared towards in the middle of the day, you have a bunch of trades active, and the thing disconnects. 

Right. And you're not there to see it? I'm there, but what's the best way? I notice a lot of times, you can't, you know, like once you, when you reconnect, let's say it timed out and you gave settings for, you know, all the timeouts and have a retry and all that kind of good stuff, which is good. But I noticed like, if you really want to get sometimes get rid of, like you need to exit out for some reason, or let's say you can't just close out that one position and sometimes you need to close and it won't work.

So you kind of have to flatten, you know, at times. Right. Right. 

Yeah. So sometimes you might have to restart NinjaTrader. That's one thing, because I've noticed that too. 

Restart NinjaTrader or disconnect the, so even though it says it's connected, disconnect the data feed and then reconnect it again. And that can sometimes launch it out. Now, one of the things that I do, and I'll show you this, let me just share my screen. 

I just need to stop this, stop the whiteboard. Here we go. Okay. 

And let me get a chart. Okay. So right here, we've got charts and I don't have anything on the chart that I would normally have. 

So one of the things that I do is indicator and I will go to a bar timer right here and add it to my chart. And it's going to put a bar timer down here. Now you can see that it's timing down. 

Now I have come in after a disconnect and I can see that the little green light down here is connected, but this is sitting at zero or it's not moving. It's just frozen. Yeah.

So that's my way of telling whether or not I actually have a live internet connection, whether I'm actually connected. And if I see a chart that's frozen like that, which it's happened to me and I've had it where I have one timer that's working and the others aren't. Okay. 

So I just have to close the chart and reload the chart. Try that. See if that works.

Otherwise what I'll do is, like I said, disconnect and then reconnect and then bam, it reloads the data and it's working again. Because sometimes when it does a reconnect, for some reason, the handshake isn't quite right. They're not speaking the same language.

Now I just got the latest account dashboard today from our developer because we're working on some protection for you guys for that. Now I have to test it to make sure that it's working, but ideally what we're putting in place or what we're trying to put in place is we have the account dashboard where it's going to have, it does have, let me grab my annotation tools here. It'll have a sync and a protected light and they'll be green or red. 

And if you lose protection and we have a checkbox for you to be able to select this if you want this option to happen. If for whatever reason you're no longer protected, so if this thing loses stop, loses a target, loses if you lose connection and you're no longer connected to the leader, whatever it might be, then as soon as you get the ability to determine whether or not this is actually the case, so you need data, there's got to be some kind of information coming in, it'll immediately close the position. That's the protection that'll be in place.

So that's phenomenal. I guess the thing that is a conundrum for me is with all the technology and stuff like that, that Ninja has and why can't they have a freaking notification that the thing is down and text you. I mean, it's not rocket science.

I know. And that's something that we're looking at building, but in order for us to build it, we have to build a server in order to be able to even do that. So the cost is astronomical at this point for us to be able to go that route, to build the infrastructure needed to be able to send you guys messages. 

So right now, the best thing that we can do is create some kind of check and balance that says, hey, this isn't doing what it's supposed to be doing and you're not in a protected position. So let's just close the position. The problem is, is that if you lose this connection or you lose connection and you never regain connection, there's nothing we can do about that. 

Because if Ninja Trader, if we cannot regain an established connection, we can't send the signal to say, hey, close the trade. Right. So that is the issue. 

And like I said, we're looking at other options. We're trying to get a price together to find out how much it's going to cost for us to develop a server side so that we can put in the information that Ninja Trader doesn't clearly have. And Apex is not going to do it because they don't want you walking away from your trades. 

They want you watching them. So they don't care whether you're using a bot to trade. They don't care whether you're doing manually trade, manual trades. 

They don't want you leaving trades unattended. That's what it comes down to. Yeah. 

So that's the best that we can do. That's been the problem with the technology so far. When you do lose connection, that's another problem when the orders live on your system rather than being sent up to the broker and it lives on the broker because there's two different types of trading platforms, one where the orders live on your system and another one where the orders live with them. 

So once you send the order, it's there. They have it. But that's not the way the majority of these work. 

So the majority of them, they live on here. Yep. One thing to note, and this gets back to kind of disconnects and all that kind of stuff too, is I recently moved into a new place and I had AT&T for fiber and I was getting randomly throughout the day, just getting, now I trade to a VPS anyways, but my work computer and my personal laptop were getting just disconnects every now and then, like multiple times a day. 

So it was getting frustrating. So I contacted them and they said, well, they said, you have to disconnect your router like once a month for like 30 seconds to a minute and then reconnect it. And then when it reconnects, it's going to load in all the new firmware and all the new updates for that device.

And sure, as I did that, all my disconnects went away. Yeah, that's the problem. They don't force the updates and that's unfortunate because they should be forcing those updates.

Yeah. Right. And that's, I think that's one of the reasons why we get a disconnect every day from Apex because their system does do whatever updates and then they're also re-establishing all the accounts. 

So if you have any blown accounts, those get removed. If you have any new accounts, they get added, all of those things. So there's an update and that's when they update the PNL. 

That's when they update, you know, whether or not you passed or failed, all that stuff, it's at the end of the day. So that's where that disconnect comes in. They, they do that once a day. 

Yeah. Right. So, yep. 

It's a pain in the butt. Technology is great when it's working, but you know, there's, it doesn't, it doesn't live in a vacuum and it doesn't, you know, serve itself. So we have to maintain it and we have to do certain things to make sure that it's working right. 

And the only thing that I can do is give you the tips and tricks that I use and, and hopefully that works. And, and from there, we will just keep trying to narrow it down and make it better. So I am in no way a computer technology expert in any way, shape or form, but I'm just a geek that likes to, likes to play on computers. 

So yeah. Right. Any other questions? One thing I, you know, so yeah, right now I'm just, you know, tight on money right now, but you know, so I'm not looking to buy another laptop or anything like that. 

So, but it takes me, you know, it can take me, it's a lot easier if I run, you know, gold things through, through the strategy analyzer and stuff. It takes, you know, hell of a lot longer to run MNQ or, or you know, MYM or something like that through it. But, and I think the fact that you got the, the once a month where people kind of put their, you know, what bot they ran and they put the strategy in there and stuff like that, which is good. 

And it's all, you know, to a certain extent, so it's great, but it is all random, right? It's just, well, this person's running this bot and that one's running this bot and this one, but, and, you know, I'm just throwing this out there and, but would it make sense if we combine all our efforts, let's say, and say like, you know, maybe, you know, one person does, I'm making it up. One person does 10 EMA for a MNQ. One person does, and that's all they focus in. 

One person does 10 EMA for, you know, MGC or something like that. And then they find the best results, they post it, you know, and then kind of go from there. I mean, it's just a suggestion.

Yep. Yeah. I, I can, I can definitely come up with something that can get people to volunteer for that. 

We've tried doing that in the past. The problem is, is that again, people just like doing what they do. And so the, the goal of, of this, the, the optimization team was really to help a lot of the new people, for instance, that say, I can't find anything to say, well, here, there's a whole bunch of stuff that people found. 

That's number one. Number two, it's to give you a creative idea about how you could potentially be looking at, at your optimization. So for example, it wasn't until I was talking to one of our students here, I was talking to him on a one-on-one call, and he was sharing with me one of the settings that he had, and he stopped, he did the closed time at like 1130 Eastern. 

And I was like, that's a great idea. I never even thought of doing that. And, and so just, it gives you some creative ideas of how other people are doing things so that you can branch off and do things a little bit differently.

But yes, I like the idea of, you know, having groups where we do, you know, some people just want to focus on the mega orb, some want to focus on the 10 EMA, some want to focus on the NR7, and, and we could definitely combine our efforts. Like I said, we tried doing that with the WhatsApp at one point, and it just didn't work well. So I'll try and figure out how we could best do that, because I do like the idea. 

I think it would definitely save some time. That being said, there's a lot of new people that wouldn't have a clue how to help out. And that's, that's a big one too. 

So yeah, yeah, right. Yeah. Because I'd almost like to get the risk the same too. 

So say like, it's always a 250 risk, keep the risk the same, that kind of thing. And then, like I said, use this, the trade copier to scale it up to a 500 or 750 or whatever, right? So if we keep it the same, then we can have the same results. Yeah, true. 

Okay. Now, Jason, the other thing, because you mentioned that you were, you know, it takes time for you to optimize. So one of the other things that I'll point out before we end, because we've hit our time here, but with these optimizations, so for example, if this, if we're doing an optimization of, let's say the mega orb. 

So if I jump into the mega orb, and let's say that we're optimizing profit taker, and let's say we're doing 1.2 to 3. And, you know, a lot of people will do an increment of 0.1, right? Well, if you jump that to 0.2, you've just halved the number of times that you're having to do, you've just taken whatever the number of iterations is, and you've split it in two. Yeah, I definitely have. I, yeah, you mentioned that last time. 

I definitely have been doing it. Okay. Okay. 

So, because that makes, yeah. Same thing with the entry candle. Yeah. 

So the entry candle offset, I'll do like increments of three, right? I'll do increments of five. If I'm doing something like the trailing, so in the 10 EMA, for example, we have a trailing distance and threshold. So a lot of times, I won't even optimize the trailing start, I just set this as zero and zero. 

So that means that it's going to start trailing as soon as the trade is entered. And then what I'll do is I'll go like 50 to 300. And I'll do a 25 increment.

So it'll do 50, 75, 100, 125, I might even do 50, right? And that just speeds up the amount of optimization time significantly. Because this isn't about finding the best backtest that's out there. It's about finding a test that passes the criteria. 

None of these tests are predictive. Not one single test is predictive. Okay. 

The idea here is that if today, if I look outside, it's sunny and plus 14 degrees Celsius. That's what it is today. Yesterday, it was about the same. 

The day before is about the same. So if I was to tell you that tomorrow, the weather is likely to be sunny and plus 14, that makes more sense than me saying it's probably going to be snowing and minus six, right? It could, I could wake up tomorrow and it could be minus six and snowing outside. It could, it's possible, but highly unlikely. 

It could be raining, torrential downpour, and two degrees, it could be. But again, it's more likely to be similar to what it is today than it was yesterday, right? So that's the whole idea around these backtests and these optimizations. It's not about finding the best. 

It's about finding a test that passes that is likely going to continue in the future. Yeah. I mean, you say it yourself, right? The markets are fractal, so there's some science to it to a certain extent. 

It's just, you got to find that right niche. It is, but you need to remember that the markets are made up of people. Yeah. 

Hundreds of millions of billions of people and not all at the same time. And they all have emotions and they all have things happening in their life and they have choices and decisions and things to make. And there is never, ever an exact same moment in the market, ever. 

Yeah. Okay. So like I said, this is really about recognizing what's currently working and see if it'll continue to work in the future. 

That's the goal. And recognize that the days where it goes from sunny to rainy, okay, that's a change. So those are going to be the days that you lose. 

Yeah. Right? And in this particular case, we're looking at cycles. And you know why we do three months? Because the markets kind of work in a quarterly cycle.

So that's why we're looking over, you know, three months time, because that's kind of the way that the market works. We have earnings reports every three months. Right? Yeah. 

And things can change dramatically. Yeah. When you're doing your Friday stuff or your weekend stuff, you know, review the week and stuff, are you, like here we are, it's the second week of May. 

So are you starting all your analysis from the second week of February? Yes. So I always take off the last week of data and I add the new week of data. Okay. 

I always do that. So I'm always shifting my back tests 90 days and I'm always comparing to what's happening now. That's always the case. 

Yep. Yep. Okay. 

That's good. Awesome. All right, folks. 

Well, I kept you guys nine minutes late. I apologize. Hopefully this was valuable. 

And you guys have a great week. If there's any other issues, let me know. But otherwise, thanks for spending some time with me for the Q&A and hope it was helpful. 

All right. Recording will be up posted later tonight or first thing tomorrow morning. Okay. 

Great. Thanks so much, Tracy. All right. 

You guys have a great night. Take care.